Newmont Corporation NYSE:NEM
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 29, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.78

0.74

(5.13 %)

0.82

3.63

3.91

Revenue  (mm)

3156.16

2872.00

(9.00 %)

3516.27

13324.99

13033.21

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-29-2021 1:01 PM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.31

0.83

0.94

0.78

0.32

0.86

1.06

0.74

3.23 %

3.61 %

12.77 %

(5.13 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Eric Colby
Vice President of Investor
Relations & Corporate
Communications

Nancy K. Buese
Executive VP & CFO

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Anita Soni
CIBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Fahad Tariq
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Greg Barnes
TD Securities Equity Research

Joshua Mark Wolfson
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Michael Jalonen
BofA Securities, Research Division

Tanya M. Jakusconek
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Tyler J. Langton
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning and welcome to Newmont's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]

Please note this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Eric Colby, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go
ahead.

Eric Colby
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Good morning and thank you for joining Newmont's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Today on the call, we
have Tom Palmer, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Atkinson, Chief Operating Officer; and Nancy
Buese, Chief Financial Officer. They will be available to answer questions at the end of the call along with
other members of the executive team.

Turning to Slide 2. Please take a moment to review the cautionary statement shown here, and refer to our
SEC filings, which can be found on our website. I'll turn it over to Tom on Slide 3.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Eric. Good morning and thank you all for joining our call.

Before we begin, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge the 12 colleagues that we have lost to the
COVID pandemic over this last year. For each death, we have mobilized the fatality investigation team
and utilized the same methodology we do for other employee or contractor fatalities. The intent of each
investigation was to understand if any of our COVID critical controls require change and ensuring that we
learn and share our findings globally.

These losses have had a profound impact on the entire Newmont family. And it is with great humility that
we are reminded that the safety and well-being of our workforce and host communities must come above
all else.

Turning to Slide 4 for a summary of our quarterly performance. Our safety and sustainability framework is
at the core of how we manage our business. And I'm proud that Newmont continues to lead the industry
with our ESG practices.

In March, we delivered a first for the gold industry, with production coming from an autonomous haul
fleet. Our investment in autonomous haul trucks not only improves safety and productivity at Boddington
but also serves as a base case for replication at other operations and projects across the Newmont
portfolio.

We also entered into a $3 billion sustainability-linked revolving credit facility, one of the first in the mining
industry.

By aligning our financial strategy and ESG performance, we are holding ourselves accountable in
demonstrating Newmont's unwavering commitment to leading ESG practices.

During the first quarter, our world-class portfolio produced 1.5 million ounces of gold and 317,000 gold
equivalent ounces from copper, silver, lead and zinc, in line with our full year outlook and positioning
Newmont to deliver a stronger performance, as expected, in the second half of the year.

We generated significant operating cash flow of $841 million, and free cash flow of $442 million, of
which $438 million is attributable to Newmont. And in March, we announced the acquisition of GT Gold,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

expanding our industry-leading project pipeline to include the Tatogga project located in the highly sought-
after Golden Triangle district of British Columbia.

We continue to apply a disciplined approach to our capital allocation priorities and deliver on our
commitments. Yesterday, we declared a first quarter dividend of $0.55 per share, set within our
established dividend framework and consistent with our fourth quarter dividend. Our first quarter dividend
demonstrates our confidence in the strength of our business and continued commitment to predictable,
stable and sustainable shareholder returns.

We maintained a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 0.2x and completed the redemption of our 2021 senior notes
in April, reducing our debt outstanding by $550 million with available cash.

We also continue to invest in and develop our most profitable near-term projects, including Tanami
Expansion 2, Ahafo North, the mining method change at Subika Underground and Yanacocha Sulfides.

Shifting now to safety and our continued focus on fatality prevention on Slide 5.

More than a year ago, Newmont made a symbolic change, stepping away from our industry's traditional
use of a lagging personal injury rate in our bonus programs to measures that are focused on managing the
critical controls that must be in place at all times to prevent fatalities.

During the first quarter, we completed 65,000 conversations by leaders in the field that were focused on
these critical controls, proactively identifying and managing potential risks that could lead to a fatality.
This is an increase of nearly 60% since last quarter and demonstrates our commitment to the preventative
measures we are implementing at Newmont.

As another example, fatigue has been identified as a critical risk and is frequently a factor in our
investigations into potentially fatal events. Fatigue has not been a traditional focus in our industry.
Typically, it has been managed through administrative controls such as training and checklists. Well,
companies have looked to technology as a silver bullet to address the issue.

At an organizational level, we knew we needed to do more. We needed to make fundamental changes
to our rosters, start times and accommodation to reduce this significant risk exposure. We have recently
completed the construction of new care facilities as part of our Tanami 2 expansion. These facilities were
designed to provide the opportunity for quality sleep and have greatly reduced commute times for our
team members. We have also completed upgrades to care facilities at Yanacocha, Peñasquito, Cerro Negro
and Merian, ensuring our team members have the appropriate privacy and accommodation to get proper
sleep.

As a result of these investments in our care facilities, along with our well-being programs around our
global portfolio, we have seen an 80% reduction in fatigue-related incidents at Newmont since 2019. We
will continue to make these changes to ensure that our team members can return home safely to their
families at the end of their shift at work.

Turning now to our portfolio on Slide 6. Among our 12 operating mines and 2 joint ventures, we have 9
world-class assets, each of which delivers more than 500,000 gold equivalent ounces per year at all-in
sustaining costs of less than $900 per ounce and with a mine life exceeding 10 years. Importantly, all are
located in top-tier jurisdictions that we define as countries classified in the A and B ratings ranges by each
of Moody's, S&P and Fitch. Underpinning our asset base are the industry's largest gold reserves, including
94 million ounces of gold and 65 million gold equivalent ounces from other metals.

Our portfolio is also enhanced by the gold industry's best exploration pipeline of both greenfield and
brownfield opportunities managed through our proven integrated operating model. One of the benefits of
this integration is that we do not reinvent the wheel and duplicate effort. For example, with the majority of
our exploration activities occurring near existing operations, we have familiarity not only with the geology
and terrain but also the permitting, regulatory and community relationships surrounding each of our
operations. We firmly believe that we have the best portfolio to generate sustainable returns from our
world-class, responsibly managed assets located in the best gold mining jurisdictions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Turning to Slide 7. Our portfolio will produce steady gold production of more than 6 million ounces per
year through at least 2030, balanced across each of our 4 regions. This profile is then further enhanced by
the production of more than 1 million gold equivalent ounces from silver, lead and zinc at Peñasquito and
copper at Boddington and Yanacocha. Combined, we will deliver nearly 8 million gold equivalent ounces
per year for the next decade, the most of any company in our industry.

Moving to Slide 8 for a look at our project pipeline. Our project pipeline is unmatched in the gold industry
and is one of the best in the mining industry. There is significant value to unlock as we optimize and
advance our longer-term projects and lay the pathway to steady production and cash flow well into the
2040s.

As you can see, in addition to our highly prospective gold projects, we have significant organic exposure
to gold-copper porphyries, including Norte Abierto, Nueva Unión and Galore Creek. In fact, if you assume
that just one of these 3 mega projects come into our production profile at the back end of this decade,
Newmont's total production would be around 15% to 20% copper, providing us a natural exposure to a
metal of growing importance for reducing carbon emissions and facilitating the ongoing transition to a new
energy economy.

It's also important to note that this pipeline does not include the various laybacks that will also extend
mine life at our current open pit operations, including Akyem, CC&V and Porcupine.

You'll also see that we have added Tatogga to our project pipeline, another exciting gold/copper asset that
I'll cover in more detail on Slide 9.

In March, we announced the acquisition of GT Gold. The consolidation of this asset is a demonstration of
Newmont's clear focus on our long-term strategy to build a portfolio of world-class assets located in the
world's best mining jurisdictions. Our initial equity investment in GT Gold in 2019 was a stepping stone
that enabled us to perform due diligence in the area and gain considerable insight into the potential of the
Saddle North deposit in Tatogga property.

We are committed to continue building a constructive and respectful relationship with the Tahltan Nation,
including the community of Iskut. We understand and acknowledge that Tahltan consent is necessary
for advancing the Tatogga project, and we will partner with the Tahltan Nation at all levels and with the
government of British Columbia to ensure a shared path forward.

The deposit will be developed as an underground mine with a block cave mining method. And in addition,
access from the valley floor that you can see in this picture will also enable us to reach the ore body
relatively quickly.

A very important feature of this project is that the combination of an underground mine and an ability to
leverage the hydropower infrastructure that's in place today will result in a low-carbon-intensity operation,
supporting our industry-leading greenhouse gas reduction targets.

The Tatogga project, including the primary Saddle North deposit, has the potential to contribute significant
gold and copper annual production at attractive all-in sustaining costs over a long mine life. In addition
to the known deposits of Saddle North, there are further exploration opportunities throughout the land
package.

The acquisition of Tatogga adds to Newmont's existing interest in this area and builds on our 50%
ownership in the Galore Creek project. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter, and we
look forward to providing updates on this highly prospective project in the future.

With that, I'll hand it over to Rob to discuss our operational performance on Slide 10.

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

Thanks, Tom. Before I start, I'd like to recognize that there is significant efforts that continue to be applied
at all of our operations in order to manage COVID and to keep our teams safe and healthy. It is important

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

to realize that this pandemic has some ways to run, and these efforts will need to continue for many
months to come.

Turning to Slide 11, I'll give an update on Africa's performance.

Our assets in Africa delivered another strong performance in the first quarter. Akyem maintained its
momentum from quarter 4, delivering a strong first quarter from higher grades and improvements to
the mill. We increased mill efficiency and overall plant performance during the first quarter, improving
throughput by 3% whilst also reducing energy consumption by 4%. These improvements are driven by
full-potential projects and are an example of how we continue to find innovative solutions even at our
mature operations. The site is well positioned to deliver solid production throughout the year, expecting to
reach its highest production and lowest costs during the fourth quarter.

Ahafo delivered higher surface tonnes mined due to mine sequencing improvements that resulted in an
extra bench being mined at Awonsu, helping to offset lower grades during the first quarter.

We continue to progress the development of our new mining method at Subika, sublevel shrinkage, which
will increase tonnage, improve productivity and reduce mining costs. The team has commenced stoping
ahead of schedule, and we completed our first 2 ore blasts this month, a major milestone for the project.

As the sublevel shrinkage project progresses during 2021, we expect to see improvements in grades
throughout the year and a 50% increase in ore tonnes mined by the fourth quarter. In addition, we expect
to reach higher ore grades from the open pit operations in the second half of the year, positioning Ahafo to
deliver a very strong finish in 2021.

Finally, at Ahafo North, we continue to advance the permitting process with the Guinean EPA. I'm pleased
to announce that we have completed the environmental impact study and paid the invoice for the main
permit this month, putting us on track for a full funding decision in July of this year after the receipt of the
tailings permit. All other aspects of this project are proceeding well.

Turning to South America on Slide 12. South America has been the region most impacted by the virus,
and we continue to see the most significant impacts in Argentina and Peru. We remain focused on our
safety protocols to protect the health and well-being of our workforce and communities as we continue to
mitigate the impacts of travel restrictions caused by the virus. We do expect the impacts due to COVID to
continue for some time until vaccinations are available and be administered in large quantities.

Merian was the best-performing asset in South America despite heavy rainfall during the first quarter,
which impacted production within the mine. The team continued to utilize an ore blending strategy to
optimize mill performance, resulting in increased tonnes processed whilst maintaining stable grades. As
the year progresses, Merian will transition from softer saprolite to harder ore, which will result in higher
production through improved grades but will be partially offset by lower mill throughput.

In Cerro Negro, we have continued to work closely with government representatives and other key
stakeholders as we manage our operations through the evolving pandemic. As we reviewed the
number of COVID cases in the country and the increasing case numbers at our own site, we made the
decision to temporarily suspend operations for 5 days in January and 7 days in March to reduce the
spread of the virus. While these decisions impact first quarter production, the health and safety of our
workforce remains our first priority. And despite stoppages during the quarter, we've been able to resume
developments at San Marcos and made good progress on the tailing storage facilities expansion.

Cerro Negro continues to focus on safely ramping up site activities, increasing camp capacity and
appointing a new dedicated team to optimize the important and complex shift changes.

Yanacocha has also experienced significant challenges due to COVID. And due to the pandemic,
productivity will likely be impacted throughout the year. Despite the challenges from the virus, Yanacocha
delivered higher-grade material mined from the Quecher Main and Carachugo pits. These tonnes were
placed on the leach pads during quarter 1, which we expect to result in higher production in future
quarters.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

In February, we decommissioned the oxide mill and completed our transition to leach-only operations as
planned, ahead of the development of Yanacocha Sulfides, which will extend Yanacocha's operations well
beyond 2040. We continue to advance the Sulfides project and are currently working through our internal
peer review process in preparation for full funds approval later in the second half of 2021.

Yanacocha is a world-class asset in Newmont's portfolio with significant further prospectivity, and we look
forward to bringing you this next chapter in Yanacocha's long history of profitable production.

Turning to North America, Slide 13. Peñasquito delivered another strong performance and achieved record
co-product sales of nearly 300,000 gold equivalent ounces in the first quarter due to higher grades and
recoveries. The site also set a new monthly record for concentrate transport and shipping, loading and
selling over 125,000 tonnes in March.

Full Potential continues to deliver improvements to our mining and mill performance at Peñasquito. And
as an example, we've increased the average payload for our haul trucks by 17 tonnes per load. This
translates to an additional 12 million tonnes moved per year for next to 0 cost, an increase of over 6%.
The site is well positioned to remain a strong performer throughout 2021 and is also currently exploring
our extensive land package for future development opportunities.

CC&V delivered lower grades and experienced geochemistry challenges during the first quarter. And as
a result, ore that was planned to be milled was redirected to the leach pads. Grade improvements are
expected during the second half of the year, helping to offset the challenges experienced this quarter.

At Musselwhite, we continue to closely monitor the impacts from COVID in Ontario and have made the
decision to temporarily suspend operations for 5 days in April to reduce the spread of the virus. Despite
the impacts from COVID, which drove changes to the planned mining sequence, grade and ore tonnes
mined continued to improve over the prior quarter. We are also continuing our Full Potential work in
Musselwhite, with the largest focus on increasing development rates and driving productivity as the year
progresses.

At Porcupine, ongoing ground control rehabilitation to the Hoyle Pond underground mine, coupled with
mill and equipment maintenance, has resulted in more tonnes mined and processed during the quarter.
We have begun the implementation of our Full Potential program in Porcupine, which will deliver efficiency
improvements in the second half of the year.

Éléonore continues to make strong improvements to performance and productivity, increasing
underground development rates to an average of over 40 meters per day by the end of the first quarter.
This is an improvement of 25% from 2020. In addition, the site has deployed teleremote marking
equipment for the first time, increasing tonnes mined, efficiencies and the safety of our workforce.
Éléonore will continue to be a stable contributor during 2021 as we expect it to deliver steady production
increases from higher tonnes mined and processed throughout the year.

It's also important to note that the site is making good progress in the fight against COVID, and I'm
pleased to report that 70% of Éléonore workforce has been vaccinated so far.

Turning to Australia on Slide 14. Tanami delivered a consistent performance despite heavy rainfall,
increasing ore tonnes mined during the quarter. For the rest of 2021, we will continue to monitor impacts
of COVID on the Northern Territory due to the potential closure of state and territory borders. But we
expect their production will steadily increase as grade improves throughout the year. In addition, the team
continues to advance Tanami Expansion 2, supporting the site's future as a long-life, low-cost and very
efficient producer.

We recently completed construction of the camp facilities and the excavation of the upper section of the
production shaft, putting us on track to deliver significant ounce, cost and efficiency improvements in the
first half of 2024.

At Boddington, we delivered a solid quarter, in line with our expectations and full year guidance. Planned
maintenance was completed during the first quarter, ensuring that the plan continues to perform at high
levels.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

As we head into the second half of the year, as highlighted in our previous guidance, we expect to achieve
higher grades, improved throughput and increased ore tonnes mined due to efficiencies from Autonomous
Haulage and improved mill processing. As you can see in the picture, we are well on our way to operating
the world's first open pit gold mine with an autonomous truck fleet, and I will provide more details on the
project on Slide 15.

I'm pleased to announce that the first Boddington AHS haul trucks went live in March of this year, and we
have successfully started the first phase of our transition to a fully autonomous haulage fleet, which will
improve safety and extend mine life at one of our core assets. Today, we are operating 4 trucks hauling
ore from stockpiles to the crusher, and then 4 additional trucks completed the final testing. We expect to
expand the use of autonomous units in the picture in the second quarter, deploying the entire fleet of 36
trucks by the end of September.

As a reminder, the AHS project was approved in February of 2020, meaning the project was planned,
constructed and able to achieve first production in just over a year. Being on track to deliver this project
on time and on budget will be a huge accomplishment, especially during a global pandemic. And I'd like to
thank our team at Boddington and our partners at Caterpillar, including their dealership, WesTrac, for their
ongoing dedication and drive during such an unprecedented time. We have received very strong support
from Caterpillar throughout the project, and we look forward to working together on future endeavors.

In addition to the exceptional delivery of this project, we have already seen strong performance over
the last month from these machines and the operating team. The fleet has been running nonstop since
going live in March, eliminating stoppages from shift changes, mill and toil breaks, fatigue breaks, which
increased its productivity. And already, the new vehicles have reached the first major milestone, moving
over 1 million tonnes in less than 6 weeks.

It's also worth noting the significant productivity improvements that we will achieve with this fleet will
also translate to lower fuel costs and consumption, reducing our carbon emissions at Boddington and
supporting Newmont's climate initiatives.

But most importantly, the use of these autonomous trucks reduces the exposure that our workforce has
to potential vehicle interactions, helping us to further reduce fatality risks and to ensure that our team
members return home safely at the end of their shift at work.

The implementation of the industry's first Autonomous Haulage fleet will be a major milestone for
Newmont and the gold industry as a whole. We will look to replicate this technology, training and
experience at other sites around the globe, leveraging our team of experts and the lessons that were
learned at Boddington. And we will also look to integrate further autonomous solutions both at future open
pits and on the [ newer mines ] as we plan and develop the assets in our project pipeline, ensuring that
these important improvements to safety and productivity are applied across the global business.

And with that, I'll hand it over to Nancy on Slide 16.

Nancy K. Buese
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Rob. Turning to Slide 17 for the financial highlights.

During the first quarter, Newmont delivered solid results with $2.9 billion in revenue, an increase of nearly
$300 million from the prior year quarter, driven by higher metal prices; adjusted net income of $594
million or $0.74 per diluted share; adjusted EBITDA of nearly $1.5 billion, an increase of 30% from the
prior year quarter; and strong free cash flow of $442 million, which includes unfavorable working capital
changes of over $325 million in the first quarter primarily driven by nearly $400 million of tax payments
attributable to 2020.

We declared a first quarter dividend of $0.55 per share or $2.20 per share on an annualized basis,
demonstrating our continued commitment to sustainable returns and consistent with our fourth quarter
dividend. Our dividend puts Newmont in the top quartile of the S&P large-cap dividend payers and
provides a yield of approximately 3.5% on our current share price.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Turning to Slide 18 for a review of our adjusted earnings per share in more detail. First quarter GAAP
net income from continuing operations was $538 million or $0.67 per share. Adjustments included $0.14
related to the unrealized mark-to-market losses on equity investments measured as of March 31; $0.05
primarily related to our sale of our interest in TMAC, which closed in January of this year; $0.01 related to
reclamation and remediation adjustments at historical mining sites; and $0.03 related to tax adjustments
and valuation allowance.

Taking these adjustments into account, we reported first quarter adjusted net income of $0.74 per diluted
share an increase of $0.34 over the prior year quarter.

One difference from 2020 that we would like to point out is that adjustments to net income do not
include $21 million of incremental COVID costs. Adjusting for these costs would have resulted in $0.02 of
additional net income in the first quarter, and we expect these costs to continue throughout the year as we
protect against the impacts of the pandemic at our operational sites.

Turning now to Slide 19. Using our conservative $1,200 gold price assumption, Newmont expects to
generate $3.5 billion of free cash flow over a 5-year period. In addition, for every $100 increase in gold
prices above our base assumption, Newmont delivers $400 million of incremental attributable free cash
flow per year.

Newmont is the only company in the gold mining industry with the ability to generate these levels of
attributable free cash flow, enabling us to maintain flexibility in our balance sheet for debt repayments and
opportunistic M&A, in addition to providing industry-leading shareholder returns.

Turning to Slide 20 for more details about our dividend. Our dividend framework provides shareholders
with a stable base annualized dividend of $1 per share at a $1,200 gold price, along with the potential
to receive 40% to 60% of the incremental attributable free cash flow generated at gold prices above our
plan. This range provides Newmont with the flexibility to maintain a stable and consistent dividend payout
even when there are fluctuations in gold price.

We will continue to review our dividend each quarter with management and our Board, evaluating gold
prices and Newmont's projected performance semiannually to give us maximum flexibility in determining
our dividend within the framework.

The first quarter dividend declared yesterday was consistent with our fourth quarter dividend calibrated at
an $1,800 gold price assumption and a conservative 40% distribution of incremental free cash flow. Our
dividend framework continues to be our primary vehicle for returning cash to our investors, and Newmont
continues to lead the industry in shareholder returns, delivering $4.50 per share through dividends and
share buybacks since 2019.

Turning to Slide 21. We continue to drive the business with our clear capital allocation priorities, which
include reinvesting in our business through disciplined investments in exploration and organic growth
projects, returning cash to shareholders and maintaining our financial strength and flexibility.

During the first quarter, we delivered on each of these priorities with our investments in the first
Autonomous Haulage fleet in the gold mining industry, improving safety and productivity at Boddington;
progressing our profitable reinvestment in the business at the Tanami expansion and advancing Ahafo
North and Yanacocha Sulfides; announcing the acquisition of GT Gold; maintaining our industry-leading
dividend of $2.20 per share on an annualized basis and announcing a new $1 billion share buyback
program -- we chose not to repurchase shares during the first quarter and continue to monitor for
opportunities; maintaining a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 0.2x and completing the redemption of our 2021
senior notes in April; reducing our debt outstanding by $550 million with available cash; and maintaining
financial flexibility with the completion of a $3 billion sustainability-linked revolving credit facility, one of
the first in our industry and a demonstration of our commitment to leading ESG practices.

Under the new facility, the company will incur pricing adjustments on drawn balances based on
sustainability performance criteria measured through ratings published by MSCI and S&P Global, aligning
our financial strategies and our ESG performance.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

As we look ahead to the second quarter, we are confident in our ability to continue delivering strong
results and free cash flow to maintain our disciplined approach to capital allocation.

With that, I'll hand it back to Tom on Slide 22.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Nancy. And turning to Slide 23.

Newmont continues to be the world's leading gold company, and I am confident that our world-class
portfolio and robust project pipeline have positioned Newmont to deliver on our commitment of creating
value and improving lives through sustainable and responsible mining.
With that, I'll turn it over to the operator and open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Fahad Tariq of Crédit Suisse.

Fahad Tariq
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Two questions. First, it sounds like across the portfolio, a consistent theme is second half-weighted
production. But I'm trying to figure out how much of that is sequencing and grade driven and how much of
it is from the South American COVID issue that you mentioned and also the Musselwhite COVID issue that
you mentioned. So any color there would be helpful, grades versus kind of COVID impact in the first half.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Fahad. The needle movers in our portfolio are Ahafo, Boddington and Peñasquito. Peñasquito gold
production was pretty flat through the 12 months, roughly 50-50 first half to second half. What's going
to really move the dial in the second half is mine sequencing and grade at both Boddington and Ahafo.
So Boddington, we've been laying back for the fifth layback of the South Pit of Boddington now for 3.5
years in the second half. We get access to the high-grade gold and copper and the benefit of Autonomous
Haulage, which will be fully implemented by the second half. So you'll see that flow through in the second
half as we get to that higher grade.

And at Ahafo, combination of the new underground mining method sublevel shrinkage will bring through
more volume and improved grade, and then you've got improved grade from the Subika open pit as well.
So it's largely mine sequence and grade driven. And it's those 3 operations that we are able to deliver on
that second half performance.

Fahad Tariq
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay, great. That's clear. And just my second question, there was a media article this morning talking
about the GT Gold Tatogga project and the local indigenous groups perhaps not really being open to
the project. Maybe talk about the approach there, more specifics. And like historically, what levers has
Newmont used to kind of get that buy-in?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Fahad. So our relationship with the Tahltan actually started several years ago with our
acquisition of 50% of the Galore Creek project in that part of British Columbia. So we have established
relationships that we look to grow and build on with all representatives of the Tahltan Nation.

And when you look back at our long history of social responsibility, it is very much grounded on building
those relationships, understanding issues and concerns on how we can work together. So we fully
understand, we fully acknowledge that we will need Tahltan consent to advance that project, and we
will be endeavoring to work with them respectfully and engage with the leadership of those various
communities to find a shared pathway forward. And that is very much the approach that Newmont takes
wherever we're working, so.

Operator

Your next question comes from Tyler Langton of JPMorgan.

Tyler J. Langton
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

I guess start with just sort of Peru and Yanacocha, I guess there seems potentially some sort of increasing
political risk there. I guess, I mean, you obviously have some time before a full funds decision. But I guess
do those developments kind of give you any pause? An could you also just remind us, do you have any
sort of stability agreements when it comes to sort of taxes and royalties or sort of -- or other rights?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Tyler. The -- I mean, we've been operating in Peru for 30 years. We basically were in Peru
before democracy was in place. And so we've worked through what has been a colorful democracy in
Peru's modern history. This is just another chapter in that journey. So we will monitor the presidential
elections carefully and how the Congress and ultimately the new President work together. We have a very
successful 30 years in Peru.

When we think about making investments like Yanacocha Sulfides, we think about making investments
which were, for a project by sulphides, literally for decades with the quality of the sulphide deposit in and
around the Yanacocha property.

So we'll look and understand these events coming up in the next month or 2 that will factor into our
process of internal discussions with our Board and our joint venture partners. And then ultimately, I look
forward to being able to make full funds decision and to progress sulfides and to have that delivering great
returns for Newmont shareholders and the community in and around Yanacocha for a long, long time to
come.

Tyler J. Langton
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then just switching to Peñasquito. I guess sort of production kind of did quite
well in the quarter, and both sort of cash costs and all-in sustaining costs were sort of a decent amount
below sort of the annual guide. Can you just kind of remind us your expectations for that mine for the
year and kind of what to kind of expect in the following quarters?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'll get Rob to provide some color on that. It's a pretty steady performance. And we certainly look at
-- it's a polymetallic mine, so we certainly look at developing that mine and managing on the basis of the
[ porphyries ] that it's producing. But it's pretty steady performance through the year. Rob, if you want to
provide a bit more color to Tyler.

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

Thanks, Tyler. And I'd really just back up what Tom said is that the best way to describe Peñasquito
is steady performance that -- where we get good gold 1 quarter, we go into other elements another
quarter. But the key thing about Peñasquito is that the mill is performing well, the mine is performing
well. The team is performing well and managing COVID as well as possible in a country which has suffered
huge impacts due to the pandemic. But it really is going to be a very steady, rather successful year at
Peñasquito.

Operator

Our next question comes from Josh Wolfson of RBC.

Joshua Mark Wolfson
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So for the 2021 outlook, the comment, I guess, is that there's the assumption of no major COVID
interruptions. The commentary on the call earlier was such that there's obviously a higher degree of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

interruptions in South America and then a brief stoppage, I guess, at Musselwhite. How would sort of
those interruptions compare to some of the caveats within guidance?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Josh. I think we've certainly seen like a number of impacts at both Yanacocha and Cerro Negro,
and it's Peru and Argentina across our portfolio of like countries where we're seeing the greatest impact
from COVID. We get better and better and better at managing our protocols. And Rob mentioned in
Cerro Negro now they're dedicated to managing shift changes, which is a very, very complex process in
Argentina, and how you're doing all your screening and monitoring and ensuring that they're bringing up
the workforce in for their shift, but that they're clear of the virus and quarantine if we do have a case. So
it's really monitoring those 2 operations. Mexico as a country is still struggling with the virus, but we've
got very, very good protocols in place throughout that country.

The United States, fortunately, is starting to really turn the tide. We've seen the recent events in Ontario.
I'm confident that the Canadian government will address those. Through Australia and Ghana, we're
seeing the pandemic managed very, very well.

So I think we're still going to need to be -- have a chronic unease and be continuing to maintain the
discipline around our protocols. As vaccines become available, encouraging our workforce to take the
vaccines, supporting the governments where we can with COVID out so that we can have an improving
trend over time. So I believe we've got the protocols and the discipline in place to be able to manage
COVID and maintain our guidance through the course of this year.

Joshua Mark Wolfson
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

And then just maybe a question on some of the trends we're seeing. We've seen commentary at least
from -- maybe not as much the gold sector but other resource companies about labor tightness in certain
regions and then, obviously, with higher commodity prices globally. Is there any commentary you could
provide on what trends you're seeing across the portfolio on labor and costs?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Josh. monitoring that closely. Labor costs make up about 50% of our cost base. That includes
contracted services. We include an assumption for labor escalation in our budgets, and then we flow that
through to our guidance. So we've got some provision for that.

The key indicator -- leading indicator I look for in seeing whether we may be seeing some wage pressure
is voluntary attrition. It's pretty healthy across our business. Some way, our response to the pandemic and
the fact that we chose and we continue to choose to manage the health and safety of our workforce and
local communities above everything else has served us well in terms of the support that we have from our
workforce.

But the areas that I'd be monitoring more closely on labor -- risk of labor escalation is Australia. Pretty
hot iron ore market as you see iron ore prices hit an all-time high, a West Australian government that is
locking borders and encouraging the workforce to come from within that state, which puts pressures on
the supply of labor.

We're very fortunate we've got very robust workplaces at both Boddington and Tanami, good leadership.
Healthy levels of attrition and projects like Autonomous Haulage just mitigate that very significantly where
your truck fleet and a labor force of truck fleet is one of the greatest source of the labor.

So I'm monitoring intently, but the voluntary attrition numbers and leading indicators are still pretty
healthy across our business.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Our next question comes from Greg Barnes of TD Securities.

Greg Barnes
TD Securities Equity Research

Yes. Tom, I guess this is a higher-level question, but when I look at your portfolio of mega projects, as you
called them earlier on, it's pretty striking how much copper is there, and you said you could see yourself
getting to 20% copper exposure over time. Is that a conscious decision over the longer term to diversify
the production base somewhat? is it a function of the projects that are available to you that look attractive
to you that you are adding to the portfolio like Tatogga?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Greg. It's still very much a clear focus on gold as the core of our business. But organically,
we are seeing that as you look for the best gold projects, they come with -- particularly when you look
at our world-class definition, we'd look for those long-life projects and you look for those projects in the
jurisdictions we're prepared to work in. They come with copper. So it's more of an organic benefit from
that. We focus on the right-sized projects in the right jurisdictions. So the Tatogga project had some
nice copper with it. The Yanacocha has some nice copper with it. And several of those mega projects,
particularly the Yanacocha/Galore Creek bring with them some nice copper. So it's more of an added
benefit. But as we say, it's got to come on at a nice time as the world go through their energy transition.

Greg Barnes
TD Securities Equity Research

And just on Tatogga, when I look at the acquisition price and if I assume you used a $1,200 long-
term goal, that would have implied a pretty healthy long-term copper price. How did you approach the
acquisition price for GT?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Well, I've got Eric sitting opposite me. He has shepherded that one through. So why don't I get Eric just to
give you a bit of color on that, Greg?

Eric Colby
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

We've -- obviously, we'll look at multiple price scenarios. So $1,200 would have been one of them. Our
base copper price at the time, I think, was $2.75. Obviously, the copper price and the outlook is quite
strong. So we didn't have a single case that we looked at. As you pointed out, there's a fair bit of copper.
There's a fair bit of gold. So it's really the interplay of the 2 metals across different scenarios.

As we've, I think, highlighted, we see potential for Tatogga to be a world-class asset for us. And that
means a long life, pretty significant production at good cost.

Tom pointed out on the call that the geometry is pretty attractive to an efficient block cave. And so all of
that was attractive to us when making the acquisition.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tanya Jakusconek of Scotiabank.

Tanya M. Jakusconek
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Congratulations on those trucks at Boddington. I love the color. Hope to see them one day. Just wanted to
have a few questions, if I could. I wanted to follow up on Josh's question on inflation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

You talked about the workforce, Tom, in terms of watching movement there. Can you talk a little bit about
if you're seeing any inflation in your capital or costs from steel and/or other materials, please?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Tanya. So materials and energy, if labor makes up 50%, materials and energy is the next 30%
to 40%. And again, we leverage our global portfolio entering into long-term contracts and strategic
relationships with supply. So that goes a long way to mitigating the impacts of near-term inflation where
we've got rise and fall built into those contracts and stability. So it's a very important part of the Newmont
story and the strength of our portfolio and how we look to run our business.

We are seeing some pressure on steel generally around [ writing media ] (52:20) that we're watching
carefully, and some pressure on freight, particularly with -- as you see the amount of concentrate that we
move out of Peñasquito. So we're watching those carefully.

But in terms of capital projects, the -- we've already accounted for a lot of that in terms of the Tanami
expansion and the move to Australian steel. So that's been taken up in previous updates to guidance.

As we move into Ahafo North, a lot of the work for the -- once we get to full funds approval for the
next 12 to 18 months in earthworks and then the civil works before we start to bring in steel. So we're
confident that with the estimates that we've got, what we'll bring forward for full funds is going to account
for any escalation around steel. And similarly, as we start to button up the Yanacocha Sulfides go through
our internal peer reviews, then I'll bring that forward to full funds We are including in our estimates and in
the contingency some estimates for where they still may move.

So we do anticipate there will be some pressure on steel for our capital projects and making sure we
account for that in the budgets that we put forward for full funds approval.

Tanya M. Jakusconek
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Okay. And nothing in cyanide at all? You're not seeing any inflation pressures there?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

No, Tanya.

Tanya M. Jakusconek
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Okay, great. And I guess just a continuation on the themes that I keep asking. Maybe just an update on
any changes in royalties, taxation in any jurisdictions that you operate in that you're hearing on, including
the U.S.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

No. No, it's all -- I mean, it's -- again, it's a key feature of our strategies where we choose to have our
operations. That brings with it lot of stability around our investment agreements, whether in price or
royalty regimes. So we're not seeing any pressure on that front across our jurisdictions.

Tanya M. Jakusconek
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Yes. Okay. And then just my last question before I hand it over to someone else is just wanted to make
sure that the guidance that you provided with your Q4 release, which was that production was going to be
47%, 48% expected in the first half and 52%, 53% in the second half still is intact.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

It is. I'd say I would look more to 47% in the first half and 53% in the second half. And it's going to be
dominated by Ahafo and Boddington reaching the greater volumes and higher grade, so -- as you move
through the third quarter into the fourth and the second half. So I'd sort of factor in 47%, 53%.

Tanya M. Jakusconek
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Okay. And if I could squeeze just one more in. Just I was intrigued about the vaccination, 70% at
Éléonore. Just maybe if you could share any other mines that you have where you have your vaccination
for COVID is -- actually, well, very well. I didn't hear anything about Africa, so I just wondered if you could
share just a bit more color on that.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Sure, Tanya. So we're certainly encouraging the rollout in Ontario, and it was -- I'm sure to you're
living -- you can experience right now. So we're doing what we can do to support the rollout for our
Musselwhite and Porcupine operations. Cripple Creek & Victor, certainly seeing the rollout in Colorado.
We've been setting up clinics for our workforce and their families and continue to do that and provide
access to vaccines and do lots of education and encouragement around the efficacy of these vaccines.

Through Peru, Argentina and Mexico, Suriname, a much longer road home. So we must maintain those
protocols. Vaccines will come, and we will support, but we will on the expectation there's still many, many
months of straining to get their act together and get the vaccines rolled out. I'm looking forward to that
increasing over time so that, one, we can drop those into state borders that are impacting on mining
operations and then open up international borders to allow that kind of [ comfort ] again -- up again.

And in Ghana, I think they're starting to see some rollout of vaccine, some clinics already at our sites in
Ghana. So again, looking to work with the Ghanaian government for the rollout.

It's going to be a long process, Tanya, I think, before the world is fully vaccinated. So I think we're going
to be living with [indiscernible], and social distancing and masks for a long time to come in our operations.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mike Jalonen with Bank of America.

Michael Jalonen
BofA Securities, Research Division

Clearly, you need to go work at Éléonore to get vaccinated and here in Canada. But just following along
Greg's question with your 3 big copper/gold projects, I've seen a number of juniors with gold -- big gold/
copper projects -- copper/gold projects, and it's got [ Mark Johnson ] $1 billion-plus. Just wondering, how
does Newmont serve as value in these projects? I don't know much of the union or [indiscernible], Batu or
Galore Creek are watching your share price. Correct me if I'm wrong. Just wondering what steps you can
take.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Michael. We're working on it in the same way that we did an exploration webcast earlier
this year, and we'll certainly look to do an ESG webcast on the back of our new sustainability report
in the coming months. We're working on providing some more details and maybe doing so through
another webcast. We can have a little bit more time to provide some details and color on those projects
as well as some of the other projects that sit in our organic project pipeline so that we can lift the level of
understanding and the appreciation that we have of those projects and how we can sequence them in and
then -- and why we are so confident about our business over the next several decades.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

On Sunday, we turned 100. And we've got, through our organic project pipeline, an ability to see
[indiscernible], and et cetera. So we're excited about it, and I think there's an opportunity for us to
provide the investment community with some more details on that.

Michael Jalonen
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay and happy birthday.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks [indiscernible]. I'll blow out a candle for you.

Operator

Our next question comes from Anita Soni of CIBC.

Anita Soni
CIBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So first, I want to commend you guys on your initiatives to reduce risk around the teams. I know that,
that is actually a real risk. So what made me leave engineering about 18 years ago. And sadly, after I
left, someone died at Batu Hijau because he worked back-to-back shifts. So I commend you on that. But
related to that question, could you give us an idea of if there's any kind of cost that we should expect
associated with those kinds of initiatives?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Anita. The -- I mean, we -- you are seeing it incorporated into our guidance around
sustaining capital, in some instances with Tanami Expansion 2 that's in the development capital. But it's
part of those plans to build additional camp facilities. Yanacocha Sulfides, we'll have included in the scope.
In fact, there'll probably some early-lead-time items, additional camp facilities, to allow people to have
their own room and their own bed. So it's accommodated within our $1 billion a year of sustaining capital
and the $600 million to $800 million on average on development capital. So that's -- it's not big money in
the overall scheme of things. it's about having the intent and the will to do something in this space.

In terms of productivity improvements around staff finish times and ensuring that fatigue breaks,
the length of shifts, number of consecutive shifts, the length of time that somebody can work, in my
experience, you have that payback in dividends many times over by getting the right level of rest amongst
your workforce so that they are working productively when they, in fact, work. So the things we're doing
around roster staff times and the like will improve their productivity over time is my expectation rather
than be a cost to the business.

Anita Soni
CIBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Second question, a little bit more in the detail on Cerro Negro. The grades went down a little bit. I'm just
wondering how we can expect that to play out over the course of the year. And what was the reason? I
mean are you using stockpiles right now and then you'll return them once you can get, I guess, the mining
rates up from direct access is my guess. I just don't know -- I don't have a color on that.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Anita. I'll get Rob to take that question on for you.

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Yes. Fairly straightforward. It's -- because of COVID, because of the absences, the production from
our higher-grade stopes at Marianas Norte and Eureka were more -- and limited because of the lack of
development. So it's purely a sequencing due to lack of employees. But those are the areas that we're
most focused on. And the workforce is back working. We're nearly at full rate. So hopefully, in the coming
months, we'll see that turn around. But it was just a timing issue due to lack of employees.

Anita Soni
CIBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. And then lastly, more of a big-picture question perhaps for Nancy. Just looking at your dividend
payout ratio and that we're just currently sitting slightly below, but you do have a good -- on gold price
-- but you do have a good cash balance. Can you give us an idea, if we're thinking about downside risk
on gold price, how do you play -- like sort of play with the cash balance that you have? I noticed that it's
-- prior to these gold prices, that you're sort of sitting around $3 billion as the cash balance you wanted.
Would you think about sort of reducing that cash balance as needed if gold price dips for a sustained
period [indiscernible]?

Nancy K. Buese
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, thanks...

Anita Soni
CIBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Yes. Yes.

Nancy K. Buese
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks for the question, Anita. Yes, we've said in prior times that at a $1,200 gold price, we would like to
keep around a $2.5 billion to $3 billion cash balance. We are certainly carrying significantly more than that
today, but I do think that's a testament to a couple of things. One is our ability to be very nimble with the
dividend. And there's like -- we've provided a very, very clear framework and a lot of transparency about
the optionality between that 40% and 60%. So there are some great points about that.

And then the other piece, as we are still at a time of very much uncertainty around COVID and we also
have a lot of development capital, so I think carrying considerably higher balances than that at today's
gold price is a great strategy for us. But certainly a lot of optionality and flexibility around those balances,
which is what we've consistently stated.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

And Anita, maybe to build on that, we look with our Board back over a long period of time at gold prices
and the cash we had actually generated, and that factored into our decision to step up and calibrate at
the $1,800 mark and return 40% of that cash. So the stability and sustainability of our dividend is very
robust.

So we didn't make that decision to go to the $1,800 mark lightly, and our expectation would be, when we
look forward at our portfolio and our performance, that we can sustain those levels for some time.

Anita Soni
CIBC Capital Markets, Research Division

And just lastly, I know it does say in your disclosure that it does already include -- your free cash flow
projections include Ahafo North and Yanacocha Sulfides. And just wanted to confirm that any lumpiness in
those spends will also being included within that $1,800, 40% to 60% in those 2 projects.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Absolutely. All [indiscernible] are included. Thanks, Anita. And I think that's the end of the questions that
we can see in the queue, and I'm conscious we've gone past the top of the hour. So thank you all for
your time. Please -- and a number of you are up in Toronto or Ontario at the moment and likely some in
lockdown. So please, everyone stay safe and well, and we look forward to seeing you and speaking to you
soon. Thanks, everyone.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

