News Corporation NasdaqGS:NWSA
FQ1 2022 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 04, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2022-

-FQ2 2022-

-FY 2022-

-FY 2023-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.15

0.23

Revenue  (mm)

2347.89

2502.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2021 9:26 AM GMT

53.33

6.56

0.32

0.76

0.87

2577.34

9924.29

10158.56

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

FQ1 2022

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.09

0.05

0.06

0.15

0.34

0.09

0.16

0.23

SURPRISE

277.78 %

80.00 %

166.67 %

53.33 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NEWS CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Michael Florin
Senior VP & Head of Investor
Relations

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

Susan Lee Panuccio
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Brian Han
Morningstar Inc., Research
Division

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

Entcho Raykovski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NEWS CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the News Corp First quarter Fiscal 2022 Conference Call. Today's conference is
being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of
Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.

Michael Florin
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you very much, Bobby. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's Fiscal First Quarter 2022
Earnings Call. We issued our earnings press release about 30 minutes ago, and it's now posted on our
website at newscorp.com.

On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer.
We'll open with some prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment
community.

This call will include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and
strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-
Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary
statements regarding forward-looking information.

Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements, such as total segment
EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP
reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release.

With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

Thank you, Mike. We are journeying through the contours of a complex commercial landscape that has
been a sterling test of the mettle of companies and countries. For us, the first quarter was the most
profitable of its kind since the relaunch of News Corp in 2013, continuing the trends that were evident in
the last financial year and building on those rapid rates of growth.

And we continue to have much confidence in our immediate- and long-term prospects.

I would like to honor the work done by our employees around the world. They have coped with
extraordinary exigencies and provided a profound service to their customers and to their communities.
That the company's purpose has endured and indeed thrived through such challenging times is a tribute to
Rupert and Lachlan Murdoch and the culture they created and have curated.

Revenues for the quarter were $2.5 billion, an increase of 18%, while our profitability rose 53%. I should
repeat that figure for clarity. Profitability rose 53%. It is worth bearing in mind that this increase follows a
21% increase in profitability in the first quarter last year. Every one of our key operating segments posted
significant revenue expansion and strong segment EBITDA growth.

I would like to reiterate that our Board authorized a $1 billion stock repurchase program in September.
As we previously indicated, we have refrained from executing on the buyback during this quiet period,
but that period officially ends in coming days. It is a very different buyback to that which was approved in
2013 when we were unsure about share dislocation at the time of the separation from Fox.

We now have confidence in our performance, our resilience, our ability to generate cash for our investors
and our potential. Bolstering that confidence is the fact that our recent acquisitions are exceeding our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NEWS CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

expectations, and our core segments are thriving. We now have an optionality across the businesses and
significantly more flexibility in our ability to return capital to our investors.

One noteworthy sign of that optionality is our ability to capitalize on the patent success of the Foxtel
streaming strategy, which was highlighted during the Foxtel Strategy Day. We have been working through
the potential permutations, and we'll continue to provide updates, as appropriate. In the meantime, it
is worth noting that Subscription Video Services segment EBITDA rose a rather healthy 46% in the first
quarter.

As for our campaign to hold big digital accountable, clearly there have been pronounced and profound
developments in recent times. We are pleased with the agreements we have reached and the work
that has progressed on revaluing content, but we have always regarded the digital ad market as a
separate issue, and the release of an unredacted complaint by the Texas Attorney General last month
has highlighted the extent of the problem. The manipulative language was deeply concerning. We are
obviously considering our position on this important matter and want to ensure that, in the future, the ad
market properly recognize the value of our audience and of our inventory.

Now turning to the first quarter. Dow Jones recorded a 15% increase in revenues compared to the same
quarter last year with segment EBITDA surging 32%. That profitability was a record for the first quarter.
Revenue at Risk and Compliance grew 26%, meaning that we have had 25 consecutive quarters of double-
digit growth.

Overall, the Professional Information Business experienced a solid 13% increase in revenues, and that
should expand when we complete the acquisition of OPIS, which is expected to close early next calendar
year.

The past few weeks have highlighted the importance of intelligence, about energy and carbon markets,
and we fully expect to become a world leader in that area.

Advertising at Dow Jones expanded a first quarter record of 29% with digital advertising climbing
38%. Meanwhile, subscription growth remains robust with an 18% increase across our consumer
products to approximately $4.6 million with circulation revenues rising approximately 13%. The ongoing
transformation of Dow Jones continues at pace with digital now accounting for 75% of the segment's
revenues.

Digital Real Estate Services was again a source of express growth with Move, the operator of realtor.com,
seeing revenues surge 30%. The U.S. housing market is sturdy with price rises moderating, more
properties coming to the market and longer listing times, all of which work in our favor.

As for the house flipping -- flip flop by Zillow, we have always been focused on the digital market, not
on bricks and mortar, and certainly not on sorting out the septic tank or papering over wall cracks. We
concentrated on our core competency and never took on excessive balance sheet risk or chased what
appeared to us to be very low margin returns. It appears Zillow finally understands what we always
knew to be true. That said, as an open platform, we do see opportunities to be a marketplace for the
industry, including iBuyer, such as Opendoor, providing them with the same kind of dependable and
trusted information that agents and consumers alike have valued.

In Australia, REA had a remarkable first quarter with revenues burgeoning 62%. That is correct, 62%.
Australia has slowly been emancipated from severe lockdowns, and access to homes for sale has been
limited. So we believe that positive market conditions will likely continue as the country returns to a
semblance of normalcy. One harbinger is that site traffic was strong in Q1 with 129 million average visits,
up 13% year-over-year. That is essentially an average of 5 visits for every person in the country.

Our book business is thriving and even more so with the successful integration of HMH. Excluding the $50
million contribution of HMH, book sales have reset in the post-pandemic period to around 22% higher
than the same period in 2019. There has been a resurgence of interest in printed books as their tactility
and talismanic quality is increasingly important at a time when many people have screen fatigue. We saw
notable success in Q1 with the Bridgerton Series, the Authoritarian Moment by Ben Shapiro and The Cellist

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NEWS CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

by Daniel Silva. In the months ahead, we have high hopes for The Pioneer Woman Cooks-Super Easy! by
Ree Drummond, The Storyteller by Dave Grohl and Gangsta Granny Strikes Again! by David Williams.

In Subscription Video Services, the first quarter built on the significant progress made in FY '21 in
reshaping the Foxtel Group as a streaming-led business with improved revenues, profitability and cash
generation. For the second consecutive quarter, growth in Kayo and Binge revenues clearly offset the
not unexpected modest decline in retail broadcast revenues. As of September 30, total subscribers
were approximately 4 million, up 18% year-over-year. This includes a record 2.2 million total streaming
subscribers, up 68%, thanks to Kayo and Binge.

While there will always be a certain seasonality in sports viewing in Australia, Kayo is quickly establishing
itself as a year-round provider as it now offers 50 sports in total and is furnishing and engaging off-season
programming for the football tragics ahead of the new season early next year.

Foxtel's appeal was further broadened with the launch of the Flash streaming news service, featuring a
nonpareil collection of 20 local and global news sources with content for all political persuasions. That
breadth, combined with a cutting-edge, world-class user interface, adds to the luster of Foxtel and is
indicative of its renaissance. We are now obviously in a position to be even more ambitious for Foxtel and
are always seeking to maximize its undoubted potential.

News Media was a strong contributor to News Corp profitability this quarter with segment EBITDA of $34
million in the quarter after a loss in the same period last year, thus is a tribute to Rebekah Brooks, Michael
Miller and Sean Giancola and their talented, committed teams. The transformation was, in part, due to the
benefits of our deals with the major tech platforms, notably Google and Facebook. Together, these deals
will contribute annual revenues in the 9 figures to News Corp, clearly putting our news businesses on a
more profitable part.

Despite the success of lockdowns, our Australian business is faring well, showing significant improvement
in profitability, thanks to cost initiatives and rising digital advertising revenues and news masthead
subscriptions, which improved to 850,000, up 24% year-over-year.

News UK performed admirably, particularly in advertising, both digital and print and in subscriptions. The
Times and Sunday Times contributed meaningfully to profits, and their digital paid subscriptions have now
reached 380,000.

Wireless, our radio network, increased its revenue and profit contribution with exclusive football
broadcasts drawing large audiences and increased advertising. Wireless reported record reach of 6 million
unique listeners per week according to the most recent RAJAR survey.

Our broadcast expertise is assisting our other media properties in the U.K. and will complement talkTV,
which is scheduled to launch in the early months of 2022, with Pierce Morgan taking a global role across
our broadcast and news properties. We believe talkTV will be contemporary, low cost and high impact.

In the U.S., the New York Post, once legendarily loss making, is now contributing to segment profitability
and is an increasingly important voice in the national political debate. Its digital network reached 151
million unique users in September, almost half of the U.S. population according to Google Analytics.
Digital advertising revenue was 28% higher compared to the same quarter last year, and print advertising
increased 62%, recovering from the COVID-related lows of last year.

The company built on its momentum from last fiscal in the first quarter, and we remain optimistic about
growth prospects going forward. Clearly, there are macroeconomic pressures affecting certain companies,
but our increasingly digital orientation has bolstered our ability to weather the pandemic and deal with
the economic uncertainty in some of our markets. We are confident in our employees, confident in our
businesses and very confident in our prospects.

And now for further details and invaluable insight, I yield the floor to Susan Panuccio.

Susan Lee Panuccio
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NEWS CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Thank you, Robert. As Robert mentioned, strong operating momentum that made last year so successful
has continued into our first fiscal quarter results. Fiscal 2022 first quarter total revenues were over $2.5
billion, up 18%, marked by higher revenue growth across all our key segments, notably at Digital Real
Estate Services.

Total segment EBITDA was $410 million, up 53% versus the prior year, the highest quarterly growth
rate since 2017 despite the challenges from the lockdowns in Australia and comparing against 21% total
segment EBITDA growth in the prior year. Excluding acquisitions, currency fluctuations and other items
disclosed in the release, adjusted revenues and adjusted total segment EBITDA rose 10% and 47%,
respectively.

Reported EPS was $0.33 as compared to $0.06 in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.23
in the quarter compared to $0.08 in the prior year.

Moving on to the results for the individual reporting segments, starting with Digital Real Estate Services.
Segment revenues were $426 million, an increase of 47% compared to the prior year. On an adjusted
basis, revenues increased 29%. Segment EBITDA rose 16% to $138 million or 21% on an adjusted basis
despite the higher investment spending at Move and REA and tough comparisons against the prior year
cost declines implemented to counter the impact of COVID. Move's revenues were $180 million, a 30%
increase year-over-year with real estate revenues rising 39% and accounting for 87% of total revenues.
Revenue growth was again led by the traditional lead generation business benefiting from strong agent
demand and improved sell-through and yields.

We are also seeing early success with the rollout of Market VIP, a hybrid product offered to Move's top-
performing agents. The referral model saw strong revenue growth and accounted for approximately 32%
of revenues driven by record home values and increased transaction volume.

Revenue growth was partially offset by the divestiture of Top Producer in March, negatively impacting
revenues by $5 million or 4 percentage points. With home prices at record highs and supply limited, lead
volumes fell approximately 18% compared to over 40% growth last year, albeit with leads still around
15% higher than pre-pandemic levels. Encouragingly, new listings are up from their recent lows, and we
have seen moderation of lead volume declines in September and October. Pricing remains robust given
strong agent demand.

REA had an exceptional quarter with revenues rising 62% year-over-year to $246 million, including a $7
million or 3% positive impact from currency fluctuations. Results benefited from $43 million of contribution
from the Mortgage Choice acquisition and $8 million from the consolidation of Elara, which has been
rebranded to REA India.

The underlying performance was very encouraging with Australian residential revenue growth driven
by an increase in debt penetration, price increase and favorable product mix. The revenue growth was
also driven by an 11% increase in new buy listings despite lockdowns across multiple states, including
restrictions on physical inspections in Melbourne. Melbourne listings rose 79%, while Sydney fell 7%.
Financial services also benefited from higher settlements and submissions. Please refer to REA's earnings
release and their conference call, following this call for more details.

Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $510 million, up 3%
versus the prior year, benefiting from higher streaming revenues and a modest benefit from positive
currency fluctuations, partially offset by lower broadcast and commercial subscription revenues. On an
adjusted basis, revenues were flat.

Total closing paid subscribers across Foxtel reached nearly 3.9 million as at quarter end, up 17% year-
over-year with total subscribers, including trialists, approximately 4 million. The increase was driven by
continued growth in paid streaming subscribers, partially offset by a decline in broadcast subscribers and
commercial subscriptions, which were exacerbated by the impact of the lockdowns in Australia.

Kayo and Binge ended the quarter with approximately 1.1 million and 885,000 total subscribers,
respectively. In the aggregate, total paying streaming subscribers were up more than 69% to nearly 2.1

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NEWS CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

million, and total streaming subscribers, including trialists, reached over 2.2 million. Streaming products in
the aggregate reached approximately 54% of Foxtel's total paid subscriber base.

Broadcast churn improved, declining to 14% from 14.6% last year and 17.1% in the fourth quarter.
Broadcast ARPU increased 4% from the prior year to AUD 82, mitigating subscriber volume declines
consistent with Foxtel's strategy of focusing on higher ARPU subscribers and fewer low-cost offers.

Foxtel continues to see an improvement in subscriber mix as the percentage of higher-valued, longer-
tenured subscribers continues to rise with a corresponding decline in churn rates. Net declines for
residential broadcast subscribers moderated sequentially with 1.6 million broadcast subscribers at quarter
end. Commercial subscribers were down over 30% from the fourth quarter to 162,000, and we do
anticipate a recovery for commercial subscribers in the second half with the easing of restrictions.

Product innovation continued with the launch of iQ5, an IP-enabled set-top box; the announcement of
plans to partner with Comcast and Sky on the launch of Sky Glass and the launch of a third streaming
product, Flash, a dedicated live news streaming service, featuring more than 20 local and global live news
services.

Segment EBITDA in the quarter was $114 million, up 46% compared to the prior year. The improvement
was primarily driven by $34 million of lower sports costs benefiting from the $36 million of negative
impact seen in the first quarter of fiscal 2021 related to deferred sports cost from the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2020. Adjusted segment EBITDA increased 42%.

Moving on to Dow Jones. Dow Jones delivered revenue of $444 million, up 15% compared to the prior
year, with digital revenues accounting for 75% of total revenues this quarter, up 2 percentage points
from the prior year. Adjusted revenues, which notably excludes the impact of IBD, rose 9%. As Robert
mentioned, both revenues and profitability were the highest first quarter results since its acquisition.

Circulation and subscription revenues increased 12%, including 13% circulation revenue growth, primarily
reflecting the acquisition of IBD and the continued strong volume gains in digital-only subscriptions. Dow
Jones subscriptions to its consumer products increased to an average of approximately 4.6 million in the
quarter, up 18% from the prior year. Of that, over 3.6 million were digital-only subscriptions, up 24%
year-over-year. IBD accounted for 100,000 digital-only subscriptions and 128,000 in total subscriptions.

Professional Information Business revenues rose 13%, accelerating from the prior quarter. Revenue
growth from Risk and Compliance increased 26% driven by a higher entry rate and strong growth across
the Americas, Europe and Asia. We also saw modest improvement at both Factiva and Newswires.

Advertising revenues, which accounted for 20% of revenues this quarter grew 29% to $90 million, the
highest first quarter growth rate since acquisition. Digital advertising trends remained robust, up 38%
on top of 14% growth in the first quarter of the prior year, and accounted for 61% of total advertising
revenues. All categories performed above expectations, most notably in technology and finance, and we
continue to see improving yields. Print advertising revenues were robust, rising 17% year-over-year,
partially benefiting from the COVID-19 comparison.

Dow Jones segment EBITDA for the quarter rose 32% to $95 million, with EBITDA margins improving by
almost 3 percentage points to 21% despite an 11% increase in total cost, which included IBD and higher
employee costs. On an adjusted basis, segment revenues and EBITDA for the quarter rose 9% and 24%,
respectively.

At Book Publishing, HarperCollins posted 19% revenue growth to $546 million, and segment EBITDA rose
20% to $85 million. Adjusted revenue and EBITDA rose 7% and 10%, respectively, versus the prior year.
Despite a difficult prior year comparison, book consumption levels remain elevated. Overall consumption
across the industry remains higher than pre-pandemic levels and materially above the historical low
single-digit type revenue growth.

This quarter benefited from a rebound in Christian Publishing, which was more exposed to the closure of
retail stores in the prior year and higher sales in the U.K. General book saw healthy growth, benefiting
from new releases, coupled with higher backlist sales from the Bridgerton Series by Julia Quinn.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NEWS CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Digital sales rose 5% this quarter and accounted for 21% of consumer sales. The backlist represented
62% of revenues, up 2 percentage points from last year, underscoring the importance of this steady, high-
margin revenue stream and a key factor behind the acquisition of HMH.

HMH integration continued to progress well and is in the process of being integrated into a 4-imprint
structure within HarperCollins. We remain on track with our savings target of $20 million to be delivered
within the first 2 years. Overall, HMH contributed $50 million in revenue and $6 million in segment EBITDA
this quarter.

Turning to News Media. Revenues for the quarter were $576 million, up 18% versus the prior year,
benefiting from the continued recovery in the advertising market, strong growth in circulation and
subscription revenues and a $25 million or 5% positive impact from foreign currency fluctuations.

Within the segment, revenues at News UK and News Corp Australia increased 18% and 14%, respectively.
Wireless Group and the New York Post also showed strong top line growth. Adjusted revenues for the
segment increased 13% compared to the prior year.

Circulation and subscription revenues rose 16%, which included a $13 million or 5% benefit from currency
fluctuations, strong digital subscriber growth, incremental revenues from our platform agreements and
cover price increases.

Advertising revenues increased $39 million or 21% compared to the prior year, benefiting from the
COVID-19 comparison with particular strength in digital across all businesses. On a reported basis,
advertising revenues in Australia rose 5% or 2% in local currency despite the negative impact from the
lockdowns, while News UK advertising revenues rose 36% or 28% in local currency.

In the U.S., the trends remained strong with the New York Post posting 32% advertising revenue growth.
Segment EBITDA of $34 million increased $56 million compared to the prior year, reflecting higher
revenues, cost savings at News UK and News Corp Australia and a modest positive contribution from the
New York Post. Adjusted segment EBITDA increased $52 million to $30 million.

I would now like to talk about some themes for the upcoming quarter. Notwithstanding our strong
results in the prior year, we remain encouraged by overall trends. Like many companies, we are closely
monitoring supply chain issues, particularly in book publishing and our mastheads, as well as the impact of
wage inflation on talent and retention.

At Digital Real Estate Services, Australian residential listings for October rose 16%, and we are
encouraged that restrictions on physical inspections, notably in Melbourne, have eased.

At Move, we continue to see strong yield improvement despite the near-term challenge on lead volume
given the ongoing supply issues. Like the first quarter, we expect to continue to reinvest in Move as we
drive the core business and expand into relevant adjacencies. The rate of cost increase year-on-year in the
first quarter was exacerbated by the COVID-19 savings initiatives in the prior year across headcount and
marketing. We expect more moderate year-over-year cost increases for the balance of the year.

In Subscription Video Services, we remain pleased with the ongoing performance of Kayo and Binge and
the efforts to improve broadcast ARPU and churn. We do expect seasonality in Kayo given the end of key
winter codes but look forward to our summer schedule with The Ashes and the Cricket World Cup in the
second quarter. Costs are expected to be higher in the second quarter, most notably for entertainment
and sports rights, as well as some higher marketing to support the launch of Flash, the news streaming
offering. Overall, we continue to expect costs for the full year to be relatively stable in local currency.

At Dow Jones, overall trends across the business remains strong with advertising and subscriptions growth
continuing to perform well.

In Book Publishing, overall trends remain favorable despite lapping the benefits from COVID-19. We have
a strong release lineup in the second quarter, including titles from Ree Drummond, Mitch Albom and David
Walliams.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NEWS CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

At News Media, we continue to expect the segment to show profit improvement, partially benefiting from
the recent content licensing revenues. We do expect some additional costs in the U.K. as we expand more
into video content and leverage our key brands and mastheads. CapEx was modestly higher in the first
quarter, and we continue to expect full year CapEx to be up $100 million versus the prior year. And finally,
we remain focused on driving strong and positive free cash flow generation for the year with the first
quarter free cash flow impacted by the timing of working capital payments.
With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NEWS CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Entcho Raykovski with Credit Suisse.

Entcho Raykovski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So I've got one question and one just very quick follow-up. Firstly, you comment on maximizing value
at Foxtel. Obviously, this has been widely reported in the press, but is an IPO the key option you're
considering? And what's the potential timing on whatever considerations you have?

And then secondly, just I know, Robert, you mentioned Zillow winding down the iBuyer model. Do you
expect to see any impact on Move? I mean, could that perhaps get Zillow closer to just an agent who
perhaps have been disenfranchised via Move? Any comments would be helpful.

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

Entcho, on Foxtel, look, it's inappropriate at this moment to discuss specific to the review. But clearly, we
and our partners at Telstra recognize that the prospects of Foxtel have changed fundamentally and that
we have a streaming success story. Look, we have cutting-edge, world-class tech, and we have a user
interface that is vastly improved. And we have a talented team led by Patrick and Siobhan, and that will
drive further success most surely.

Think about how the narrative has changed over the past 2 years. As you'll recall, we had been asked
by the skeptics whether we would need to put more money into the company. And let's examine what
happened. We took a majority stake because we believed more clarity, more responsibility, more
decisiveness was necessary. We've used our media platforms to complement and promote the quality of
Foxtel. Our team made some tough decisions to rationalize, made some smart decisions on streaming and
systems, and here we are today. So whatever we do, we will not be naive. Naivety is not in our nature.

And as for Zillow, obviously, we had discussed ourselves getting into bricks and mortar, but we had
a very clear sense of the digital priorities. Don't forget that we had revived, renovated the distinctly
unfashionable realtor.com. We bought it on the cheap, net-net, about $700 million. What's it worth now?
$6 billion, $7 billion. What will it be worth in 5 years as the inevitable digital march continues? $15 billion,
$20 billion, more. So we've been very focused diligently so to service for vendors, buyers and realtors.

As for Zillow, look, the idea that it was simple to find a great plumber, plus a plant or a planter; the idea
that prices were not variable, subject to vicissitudes; the idea that holding inventory was not itself costly,
to me, those were rather strange ideas.

I'm not sure what impact eventually, when Zillow makes up its mind what type of business it is, they will
have on the market, but I can talk from a macro perspective. First of all, very confident in REALTOR's
prospects but also very confident in the U.S. real estate market generally. It's a market in transition, and
the laws of supply and demand still apply. If prices are too high, two things will happen: buyers will start
hesitating, more sellers will appear on the market. It's the immutable way of the world. And I suspect we
are very much in a moment of such transition, which is good for REALTOR.

Of course, interest rates will be a factor. But over the foreseeable future, we're still talking about either
historic lows or near historic lows.

And more significantly, for us, we're seeing a more enduring trend starting to take hold. There was a myth
that millennials would not want to own their own home, that there would be a WeWork version of home,
WeHome; or that car sharing meant that we wouldn't mind sharing bathrooms and lounges. Well, that
myth has been well and truly debunked. COVID coziness is not really a theme. Work from home implies

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NEWS CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

that you have a home. And I do recommend a Sage article this week in Barron's on that subject. So some
of the myths of this supposed share economy have certainly been shattered.

So price increases are moderating. Interest rates are relatively low. In the U.S., the eviction moratorium is
mostly over, time and the market gradually increasing, our massive increases in audience traffic, 30% to
40% more than pre-COVID and leads 15% to 20% above pre-pandemic levels all tell us that there is deep
demand and ensure we're rather excited about REALTOR's prospects now and far into the future. Thank
you, Entcho.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

In the News Media business, I was wondering if you could sort of pontificate or give us an idea of what
you think the overall opportunity is, even longer term, from licensing fees from tech platforms sort of over
time.

And then just a quick follow-up on Foxtel. With some of the streaming platforms, the SVOD players sort
of launching their own platforms in Australia, do you see them as incremental competition? Or how should
we view that?

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

Well, first of all, on News Media, what you're seeing is really a transformation led by our teams. As Susan
mentioned, whether it be ad revenue, which, in the U.K., was up 36%; Australia, 5%; the New York Post,
32%. Circ revenues, overall, up 16%; in the U.K., 13%; Australia, 9%. You're seeing a lot of hard work
done by our teams in being very diligent about cost but also being focused on growth.

Certainly, the big digital deals will make a difference to all of our publications. And frankly, all we can say,
given the constraints of confidentiality, is that the deals mean that comfortably over 9 figures are flowing
into the news companies in return for the highest-quality news services in 3 separate continents. Though,
unfortunately, we are yet to reach agreement with Facebook or the artist formerly known as Facebook in
the U.K. But we are watching closely the evolution of possible legislation there that channels the Australian
legislation, which would be handy.

With Google as well, it's not just about payments. It also means working together on new products, in
audio and video. That's the content side. And those are productive discussions.

Less ideal, and it applies to both companies, is the ad tech conundrum. We have always kept the ad tech
issue to one side, as I strongly believe that there were 2 components in need of resolution: the value of
content and digital ad dysfunction. I was fairly confident there would be document discovery, and the
Texas Attorney General's complaint has revealed some of the rather disturbing details. And I have little
doubt that the Department of Justice will add to that detail in coming days. Now how we resolve these
issues does indeed remain to be seen.

Susan Lee Panuccio
Chief Financial Officer

And Alexia, on your second question, you asked about the SVOD competition within Australia. And I think
the Foxtel team did a great job of talking about this at the Strategy Day around the great content they
have within sports, particularly the AFL, the NRL and the cricket contracts that they have. They have long-
term relationships with the studios and have developed a very good working relationships with them. And
they're a great aggregator of the services down there. So I think whilst there is clearly competition that is
coming into that marketplace down there, they are operating very well within that current environment.

Robert J. Thomson

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NEWS CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

CEO & Director

Thank you, Alexia.

Operator

Our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

Yes. My first question, you've talked about, in relation to a question from one of the other guys on the
phone, that you're -- an ongoing review of Foxtel from a strategic standpoint. I'm just wondering the rest
of the company, is there any other reviews going on? I mean, obviously, a lot of investors view, rightly
or wrongly, that the company is overly complicated. And so I'm wondering if there's any other ongoing
reviews going on with the company.

And my other just nitpick question. You usually tell us what the change is year-over-year on EBITDA at
realtor.com. Can you provide that for the quarter, please?

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

Craig, as for simplification, candidly, we're constantly reviewing our structure. As you know, we've sold
quite a few companies along the way. The local newspaper business at Dow Jones, which we presumed
would struggle, didn't turn out to be the case; Amplify, which found a bit of home; News America
Marketing, which was less meaningful to us as print sales declined somewhat; Unruly, which has found a
welcome home elsewhere and with whom we still have a relationship. But ad tech, per se, is for others.

So we will constantly be institutionally introspective, reviewing our structure, whether Foxtel or Digital
Real Estate, or as we've done to designate Dow Jones as a separate segment so that you can see, not only
the potential there, but also to be clear about the very positive progress that the team is making in News
Media. We've made many changes. Those changes have been productive and profitable, and we will never
stop questioning or challenging ourselves.

Susan Lee Panuccio
Chief Financial Officer

And Craig, just on your question in relation to realtor. As you know, we don't give the EBITDA number, but
the year-on-year difference was a $6 million negative in relation to realtor. And one of the main reasons
for that is the continuing investment in growth in that business within marketing and headcount.

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

Thank you, Craig. Thanks, Craig.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brian Han with Morningstar.

Brian Han
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

Two very quick questions, if I may. On capital management, are there any technical or legal impediments
to increasing your annual dividend amount? Or do you feel that buyback just gives you more flexibility
down the track?

And secondly, and Rob, let me try this again, but can you please comment on how much EBITDA was
booked in the first quarter from the licensing deals with the big digital platforms?

Robert J. Thomson

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NEWS CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

CEO & Director

Look, clearly, we're focused on the buyback, and we're now in a position to begin the buyback as we've
had to wait until the earnings announcement given the regulatory restrictions of the quiet period. That
quiet period is almost over, and you will soon hear the sound of buyback.

The pacing depends on being rational about the trends in the market, but this is a very different buyback
to that initiated at the time of the split. As you know well, at that moment, we were worried about
unexpected share dislocation and wanted to provision to intervene, if and when necessary, during that
unprecedented, unpredictable period.

Now we're an entirely different epoch. The company patently has momentum. We are confident about our
cash generation potential, our ability to both invest to grow and to return capital. So as I mentioned, now
that the quiet period is almost over, you will soon hear the sound of buyback.

Susan Lee Panuccio
Chief Financial Officer

And Brian, just in relation to your question on the content licensing, we haven't given out that number,
apart from saying it was going to be in the 9 figures. And just in relation to how that's going to be pacing
over the course of the year, we would expect it to grow as more products within those particular contracts
launch, like, for instance, Showcase over here in the U.S. So we would expect to see that build as we go
throughout the year. And we talked previously in relation to that about a high-level allocations of it sitting
between the News Media segment and Dow Jones.

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

Thank you, Brian.

Operator

And there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to you for any closing remarks.

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director
Great. Well, thank you, Bobby, and thank you for all participating. We look forward to talking to you soon.
Have a great day. Take care.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NEWS CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

