NIKE, Inc. NYSE:NKE
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, June 25, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.04

-

-

0.65

2.33

-

-

2.69

7261.01

6313.00

(13.06 %)

9834.08

38415.03

37403.00

(2.63 %)

41440.09

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jun-24-2020 12:28 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.71

0.58

0.56

0.04

0.86

0.70

0.78

-

21.13 %

20.69 %

39.29 %

-

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NIKE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andy Muir
Vice President of Investor
Relations

John J. Donahoe
Independent President, CEO &
Director

Matthew Friend
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

John David Kernan
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Matthew Robert Boss
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NIKE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to NIKE, Inc.'s Fiscal 2020 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. For those
who want to reference today's press release, you'll find it at http://investors.nike.com. Leading today's call
is Andy Muir, VP, Investor Relations.

Before I turn the call over to Ms. Muir, let me remind you that participants on this call will make forward-
looking statements based on current expectations, and those statements are subject to certain risks and
uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties are
detailed in the reports filed with the SEC, including the annual report filed on Form 10-K. Some forward-
looking statements may concern expectations of future revenue growth or gross margin.

In addition, participants may discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including references to constant dollar
revenue. References to constant dollar revenue are intended to provide context as to the performance
of the business, eliminating foreign exchange moderations. Participants may also make references to
other nonpublic financial and fiscal information and non-GAAP financial measures. To the extent nonpublic
financial and statistical information is discussed, presentations of comparable GAAP measures and
quantitative reconciliations will be made available at NIKE's website, http://investors.nike.com.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Andy Muir, VP, Investor Relations.

Andy Muir
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss NIKE, Inc.'s fiscal
2020 and fourth quarter and full year results.

As the operator indicated, participants on today's call may discuss non-GAAP financial measures. You will
find the appropriate reconciliations in our press release, which was issued about an hour ago or at our
website, investors.nike.com.

Joining us on today's call will be NIKE, Inc.'s President and CEO, John Donahoe; and Chief Financial
Officer, Matt Friend. Following their prepared remarks, we will take your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Thanks for your cooperation on this.

I'll now turn the call over to NIKE, Inc. President and CEO, John Donahoe.

John J. Donahoe
Independent President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Andy, and let me congratulate you on your new role, leading Investor Relations. I also want
to congratulate Matt on becoming our CFO and express how deeply confident I am in NIKE's financial
management under Matt's leadership.

Before I get into our Q4 performance, I want to take a moment to acknowledge the environment in the
U.S. right now. Over the past month, we've seen racial tragedies expose systemic prejudice and injustice
in America. And Nike has a long history of standing up against inequality driven by our values and rooted
in the power of sport. Today, we are uniting behind our black athletes, teammates and community as NIKE
continues to lead with purpose. And we're taking action to help create lasting change to address systemic
racism in our society, including a combined $140 million commitment from NIKE, Converse, the Jordan
Brand and Michael Jordan. And while we continue to lead externally, we also strive to be even better
internally to meet the high bar we set for ourselves to be a truly diverse and inclusive company.

We're also continuing to deal with the COVID-19 pandemic, which has had a profound impact on the lives
of so many across the globe. And throughout all of this, we have led with our values. We have executed
with empathy and decisiveness. We prioritized the health and safety of our teammates by closing stores,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NIKE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

offices and other facilities. We committed to provide pay continuity for all of our teammates even while our
facilities remain closed or had altered schedules, and we have maintained this important investment over
the past 12 weeks. Our innovation teams designed and delivered personal protective equipment to health
systems across the country. We donated footwear and apparel to help frontline workers around the globe,
and we've committed more than $25 million for COVID-19 response in our communities.

I must say that I've been so impressed and inspired by how our NIKE teammates around the world
have come together and responded to this crisis. They have moved with speed and empathy and have
demonstrated creativity, courage and true resilience. I could not be more proud of everyone on the NIKE
team.

As we look back on this quarter, it demonstrated once again that NIKE's competitive advantage is driven
by our team and by our brand's ability to connect with consumers. And this is fueled by our strategy,
the Consumer Direct Offense. And it's why I continue to believe no one is better positioned than Nike to
navigate the current environment.

Now Matt will go deeper on Q4 in a minute, so I'll just hit on 5 quick observations from the quarter. First,
the power of NIKE's brand continues. Leading with our values is drawing us closer to consumers. We use
our ecosystem of NIKE activity and commerce apps to directly engage with consumers in their homes as
they focus on health and wellness. During this difficult time, Nike has inspired and offered hope. And as a
result, worldwide affinity for our brand deepened during COVID-19, with our You Can't Stop Us campaign
receiving more than 2 billion impressions to date. Across all 12 of our key cities, NIKE remains consumers'
#1 favorite brand.

Second, Greater China has returned to currency-neutral growth. Over the quarter, we strengthened our
consumer connections and translated them into meaningful relationships. For example, in March and April,
China's monthly active users on the Nike Training app increased over 350% since the beginning of the
calendar year. This direct engagement with consumers allowed our business in China to return to growth
in Q4.

Third, we're seeing a true step function change in our digital transformation. As you know, this has been
an area of investment over the past few years as we built our digital advantage, but COVID-19 has
accelerated the pace. In Q4, NIKE Digital grew 79%, and we surpassed $1 billion in annual digital revenue
in both Greater China and EMEA for the first time. We've seen the strong digital momentum continued
throughout the quarter and into early June even as stores have begun to reopen.

Looking at our app ecosystem in Q4, a couple of stats jump out as we see an extraordinary leap in digital
demand and engagement. Workouts on the Nike Training Club app more than tripled, peaking in April at
nearly 5 million workouts per week during the month. Since February, the NIKE commerce app has been
downloaded more than 8 million times, an increase that's triple last year's level, proving the power of our
investment in digital. And in fiscal year '20, SNKRS reached an impressive milestone, reaching $1 billion in
global demand for the first time.

Fourth observation on the quarter, the Jordan Brand resonated deeply in Q4 with the airing of ESPN's The
Last Dance documentary. The response we saw from the cultural conversation around each episode to the
rapid sell-through of the AJ5 Fire Red demonstrated the love for the Jordan Brand all over the world. In
fact, the Jordan Brand in Greater China grew more than 50% in fiscal year '20, approaching $1 billion in
annual revenue.

And Women's has played a key role in Jordan's growth. And we see significant opportunity for Jordan to
achieve even greater scale as we create more products for women, expand lifestyle offerings and grow
the business internationally. And even during a pandemic, Jordan drove some of the quarter's biggest
launches, including the AJ1 and AJ13, a reminder of the continued strength of our consumer demand.

Fifth, and finally, innovation continues to be NIKE's greatest competitive advantage. We continuously bring
fresh new product to market supported by compelling storytelling that helps drive consumer demand. In
Q4, we saw strong demand for the Pegasus 37, particularly with women, and for the Air Max 2019, a new
sportswear silhouette that reimagines the future of Air. We also launched Space Hippie in our international

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NIKE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

geographies during June, with early success offering even more proof of global consumer appetite for
sustainable product. And our unmatched investment in product innovation, even during a pandemic, will
be proven with our most sustainable product ever, the VaporMax 2020 launching in July.

As I said earlier, Nike is in a position to emerge from the COVID-19 pandemic even stronger due to our
Consumer Direct Offense. The global pandemic has made it clear that consumer behavior is changing
rapidly, providing the opportunity for us to accelerate the pace of our transformation. Over the past few
years, we have shifted from a legacy wholesale distribution model to investment in a model that gives
our consumers a more premium shopping experience. And this is a change that has catalyzed our digital
growth as part of our true Consumer Direct Offense, and COVID-19 has shown that our strategy is sound.

And so as we look to the future, here's what is not going to change: our purpose will continue to guide us,
the power of sports will always be at our center and product innovation will continue to drive distinction for
our brand. With these strengths in mind, we plan to accelerate our focus and investment on the key areas
to put an even sharper point on our highest growth opportunities.

So today, we're announcing a new digitally empowered phase of our consumer direct strategy, the
Consumer Direct Acceleration. We aren't settling for our current leadership position with consumers or in
digital, we're pursuing even further separation. We're transforming NIKE faster to define the marketplace
of the future. Now is the time to act.

Let me walk you through 3 areas of strategic acceleration: the marketplace of the future, our new
consumer construct and our end-to-end technology foundation. First, we will create a marketplace of the
future, one more closely aligned with what consumers want and need. Digital has redefined the industry
over the past several years, and NIKE has led that change. You'll recall that in fiscal year '18, we set a
goal to reach 30% digital penetration, both owned and partnered, by fiscal year '23. We will reach that
goal more than 2 years ahead of plan this coming year. And looking ahead, we now expect our overall
business to reach 50% digital penetration.

As we look at opportunities to build deeper and more meaningful relationships with consumers, our vision
is to create a clear and connected digital marketplace to match. Consumers want modern, seamless
experiences online to off-line, so we're accelerating our approach. Our one NIKE marketplace strategy
leads with NIKE Digital in our own stores and embraces a small number of strategic partners who
share our vision to provide a consistent premium shopping experience. Connected data, inventory and
membership will give consumers greater access to the best of NIKE with more speed and convenience
than ever.

We've talked about membership as a growth driver and differentiator before, but now we'll align our
business to make it central to everything we do. And as part of this strategy, we will also scale our
investment in smaller-format, digitally enabled monobrand stores with integrated online to off-line
capabilities. We believe this will be additive to what's in the market. These monobrand stores will
accelerate the growth trajectory of NIKE's largest market share opportunity, like women's and apparel,
driving long-term profitability.

Our second area of acceleration under Consumer Direct Acceleration, Nike will operate under a new,
simpler consumer construct. We know that our consumers don't see themselves as only runners or yoga
practitioners. They don't think in terms of performance versus sportswear. Instead, we know how they
shop across men's, women's and kids. And so we'll realign the company to reflect the simplified men's,
women's and kids approach. Our category focus will be more specialized across this consumer construct.
Importantly, this consumer construct will allow us to significantly simplify our organization and focus more
of our resources on the capabilities and opportunities that will forge our future. In particular, we'll be
reinvesting in our women's and kids businesses. These intentional organizational focuses will touch every
area of our business, including innovation, product creation, marketing, merchandising and distribution.
Through this new consumer construct, we can serve performance sport with more specificity while also
broadening the definition of sport. This approach allows us to better focus on the individual consumer and
unlock new opportunities to more nimbly serve their exact needs.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NIKE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

And third, and finally, we will invest in digital capabilities in our end-to-end technology foundation to
accelerate our transformation. Simply put, we will more aggressively leverage technology to make
NIKE better. This single integrated technology strategy across our business will accelerate how we
serve consumers. Specifically, we'll speed up and unify our investments across demand sensing, insight
gathering, inventory management and more. This simplified approach will unlock more efficiency for the
business while driving speed and responsiveness as we serve consumers globally.

Consumer Direct Acceleration is more than just the next phase of our strategy. It's the spark that will
ignite and empower our entire company to serve consumers, our business and our teams better. As we
shift our operating model to fuel this strategy, NIKE's leadership position will become even stronger in the
future as sport continues to resonate with consumers amid a global shift towards health and wellness.

In the end, over the past few months, we have navigated unprecedented conditions, but our purposeful
actions will allow us to emerge from it stronger and better than ever before. The strength of our brand,
our deep connections to consumers and our unmatched product innovation give us an advantage to create
and define our future. Fueled by the Consumer Direct Acceleration, Nike will shape the marketplace and
extend our brand leadership for years to come.

And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Matt.

Matthew Friend
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, John, and hello to everyone on the call. I also want to take a moment to welcome Andy Muir to
her first call as she expands her responsibilities and provides leadership over Investor Relations.

Before discussing our fourth quarter results, I must recognize and thank our incredible team around the
world. I have personally been inspired to watch everyone come together to face our current challenges,
embracing new ways of working and decisively taking actions to serve our consumers in the face of
unprecedented conditions. I could not be prouder to be a part of this team.

This quarter was certainly like no other in NIKE's history. As John mentioned, to protect the safety of our
employees and to help prevent the spread of COVID-19, 90% of our own stores, outside of Greater China
and South Korea, were closed from operation for roughly 8 weeks in the quarter. Similarly, our wholesale
partners largely followed this same pattern, and the sale of product through physical retail channels came
to a halt.

Digital quickly became the primary channel that we could engage with and serve consumer demand, and
NIKE was well positioned to respond. We accelerated growth of our digital business to 79% on a currency-
neutral basis and drove nearly triple-digit acceleration in member digital demand. All told, NIKE Digital
represented nearly 30% of our total business in the fourth quarter and reached $5.5 billion for the full
year.

The net result of these 2 marketplace dynamics was that NIKE, Inc. Q4 revenue declined 38% on a
reported basis. And yet, even in the midst of this global pandemic, we saw the power and distinction of
the NIKE Brand translate into growing business momentum throughout the quarter, continuing into June.

Greater China returned to growth in Q4. And Nike Digital also accelerated growth each month in the
quarter, including triple-digit growth globally in May even as physical retail reopened. These trends have
sustained through the first 3 weeks of June, and in some markets, digital growth has accelerated even
further. We believe this digital acceleration is more indicative of a strategic shift towards a new future
marketplace rather than being a reflection of temporary challenges to the mostly physical marketplace of
the past.

Now as we look ahead to fiscal year '21, 3 key themes stand out from a financial and operational
perspective: NIKE's supply and demand management, NIKE's financial strength and NIKE's digital
acceleration. Let me take a few minutes to unpack each of these.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NIKE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

First, at the end of Q4, inventory increased 31% versus prior year. In mid-March, we immediately went
into action to rebuild our plans to recalibrate marketplace supply and demand around the world. As we
have said before, supply and demand management is critical to sustaining a healthy premium brand. And
over the past 3 years, we have enhanced our capabilities to manage through situations like this. Let me
share a few specifics regarding what we have already done.

First, we modified our near-term inventory buying plans and proactively canceled pre-COVID-19 factory
purchase orders for the fall and holiday seasons by roughly 30% on a unit basis. And while this had a
negative impact on gross margins in Q4, it was the right decision to tighten future inventory movement
through our supply chain and utilize the inventory we have on hand.

Second, we implemented a plan for a seasonless flow of inventory by shifting product offer dates so we
can use relevant summer and fall product to meet near-term demand. We also edited product lines by up
to 15% to improve SKU productivity.

Third, we quickly shifted available inventory to digital, and we increased digital fulfillment capacity by
more than 3x in North America and EMEA.

And finally, we've invested in targeted promotions and markdowns to accelerate the liquidation of excess
inventory while we protect the long-term health of our product franchises, including increasing the volume
of liquidation through our factory store fleet.

In Greater China, this playbook has worked, and we expect our business will return to normalized
marketplace health metrics by the end of June. In fact, we are already seeing inventory levels globally
improve as well. And with our deliberate actions, we are confident that NIKE inventory will be rightsized
and in a normal position in Q2.

This leads me to the second theme. NIKE's financial strength enables us to stay focused on the long
term, creating even greater competitive advantage in times of dislocation. In an environment where most
companies are solely focused on survival, NIKE's financial strength, scale and adaptability allows us to
make appropriate near-term decisions while investing to fuel long-term growth. We finished the quarter
with $12.5 billion in total available liquidity, including nearly $9 billion of cash and short-term investments,
all supported by a strong investment-grade credit rating and a high return on invested capital. We
continue to operate from a position of strength, and I would not trade our position with anyone.

Our current focus is to reduce discretionary spending while we invest in the digital capabilities necessary
to further our competitive advantage in the marketplace. This includes improving the user experience
on our digital platforms through enhanced digital commerce analytics, marketing technology for better
consumer targeting and segmentation, online to off-line marketplace capabilities and enhanced inventory
pricing and supply management tools. We will continue to increase the scale and efficiency of our digital
fulfillment capabilities. In Q4, we already pivoted our new Adapt distribution facility in North America to
fully support digital demand. And we plan to open a new regional service center on the West Coast before
the holiday season to forward-deploy digital inventory, leveraging advanced analytics and demand-sensing
capabilities from our acquisition of Celect.

Simply put, we have operating principles in place to prudently manage costs in the short term while we
scale investment in key capabilities underpinning our digital transformation. We will continue to do this
while managing SG&A tightly in the first half of fiscal year '21.

And last, a more digitally connected NIKE is a more valuable NIKE. The underlying value proposition of
Nike's Consumer Direct Offense is that the consumer adoption of digital across all aspects of life now
provides NIKE with an opportunity to create deeper, more direct consumer relationships at scale without
disintermediation. As we've said before, the transformation to a more digital and direct business is
financially accretive to NIKE. Our business results over the last 7 quarters pre-COVID-19 proved this point.
As compared to our long-term financial model, NIKE has driven higher constant dollar revenue growth
and roughly double the annual gross margin expansion on an operational basis, excluding the impacts of
foreign exchange headwinds and tariffs.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NIKE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

The current economics of this transformational shift illustrates my point. On average, a sale of an
incremental unit via digital generates double the revenue versus a sale to wholesale, with a higher gross
margin translating into 2x the operating income dollars. And so to reiterate what John said in why this is
so important, we now see that our owned and partner digital could grow to 50% of our total business in
the foreseeable future, plus our measured investment in monobrand stores will further catalyze digital
growth and create new distribution for our largest growth and market share opportunities in women's
and apparel. We are calling this next phase of the Consumer Direct Offense an acceleration for a reason
because it will drive greater growth; it will scale NIKE's direct consumer connections in our most profitable
channels, driving higher consumer lifetime value; and it will enable us to reposition our resources to
accelerate our transformation to a digital-first company.

Now let's turn to the details of our fourth quarter financial results and operating segment performance.
NIKE, Inc. Q4 revenue declined 38%, down 36% on a currency-neutral basis, reflecting the impact of
NIKE-owned store closures and lower wholesale shipments, partially offset by growth in NIKE Digital.

Gross margin decreased 820 basis points in Q4 as higher full-price average selling prices, despite
increased wholesale discounts, were more than offset by higher product costs, including factory
cancellation charges and increased inventory obsolescence reserves as well as the adverse rate impact of
supply chain fixed costs on lower wholesale shipments due to COVID-19 dynamics.

SG&A declined 6% in Q4. We reduced costs through clear enterprise-wide cost management principles,
including reduction of marketing spending due to the cancellation of live sporting events and retail store
closures. It's important to note that the decline in SG&A in the quarter included a roughly $180 million
charge related to bad debt reserves.

Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 1.7% compared to 20.4% for the same period last year due to
the mix of earnings taxed in the U.S. and favorability attributable to the use of foreign tax credits.

Fourth quarter diluted net loss per share was $0.51, reflecting lower revenue and gross margin related to
COVID-19, partially offset by lower SG&A expenses. And full year diluted EPS was $1.60, which includes
a onetime noncash charge associated with the anticipated strategic distributor partnership transition in
South America which reduced EPS by $0.25.

With that, let's turn to our reported operating segments. Last quarter, we discussed how each of our
markets would progress from a business perspective as they emerge from the COVID-19 outbreak: first,
a recovery period, including the ramp-up of store reopenings; second, a period of normalization of supply
and demand; and third, a period in which we return to growth.

In Q4, Greater China and South Korea returned to growth. North America, EMEA and the remainder of
APLA are still in the recovery period as stores began to reopen throughout May and early June.

In North America, Q4 revenue declined 46% on a currency-neutral basis. However, NIKE Digital grew
80%, and the Nike App grew triple digits and now represents 30% of our North America digital business.
Women's full-price apparel grew 200% and was powered by strong new member growth, with women
representing over half of new member acquisition in the quarter.

As retail began to reopen in mid-May, we saw strong double-digit growth in retail sales for our brand
across the total North America marketplace. These trends have continued into early June, including NIKE
Digital growing triple digits. Physical retail traffic remains below prior year and is being offset by higher
rates of conversion due to promotional activity as well as significant shifts to owned and partner digital.
And as of today, approximately 85% of NIKE-owned stores are open.

In EMEA, Q4 revenue declined 44% on a currency-neutral basis. Digital grew nearly 100% with continued
brand momentum and significant new member acquisition and engagement across the Nike Training
Club and the Nike Running Club apps with active new member growth of over 200% and more than 18
million workouts logged in the quarter. And NIKE gained market share across both footwear and apparel
becoming the #1 apparel brand during Q4 in key markets for the first time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NIKE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

As retail began to reopen in May, we saw slight growth in total retail sales versus the prior year across
the marketplace with better performance in Germany, France and the U.K., offset by slower recovery in
Spain and Italy. Retail sales have now accelerated in June, including triple-digit NIKE Digital growth. Traffic
levels, conversion trends and consumer shifts towards digital are similar to what we are seeing in North
America. And as of today, approximately 90% of NIKE-owned stores are open.

With that, let's turn to Greater China where we returned to growth of 1% on a currency-neutral basis and
the sixth consecutive year of double-digit growth. Growth improved each month of the quarter, including
strong double-digit growth in May on a currency-neutral basis. Digital grew 53%, outpacing the industry.
And the Nike App, which launched in Q3, is already resonating with consumers with nearly 11 million
downloads driving over 10% of total digital demand in the fourth quarter. As of today, 100% of NIKE-
owned stores are open. In June, we have seen a return to positive comparable store sales in NIKE-owned
stores, with higher conversion and higher units per transaction more than offsetting lower traffic. NIKE
Digital growth has accelerated to triple digits.

Finally, in our APLA geography, Q4 revenue declined 39% on a currency-neutral basis. We saw varied
COVID-19 impact across countries in the region with South Korea emerging the fastest, delivering 8%
growth in the quarter. And digital growth was nearly 80% led by strength in Japan, Korea and Brazil, with
women's growing 2x the rate of men's on NIKE Digital. As of today, approximately 65% of NIKE-owned
stores are open with a higher percentage in South Korea, Japan and Australia, while stores across Latin
America remain largely closed due to efforts to contain the spread of COVID-19.

Fiscal year '21 will continue to be a time of uncertainty as economies rebound from the effects of
COVID-19 and seek to contain further outbreaks of the disease. We will be agile and resilient because we
understand that each market recovery will not be linear. We remain focused on what we can control so
that NIKE can manage risk and aggressively attack opportunities created in this environment.

Given the uncertainty that still remains, we will not be providing specific guidance. Today, however, I will
share the approach we are taking to fiscal year '21 planning. In general, we expect to see sequential
quarterly improvement in our financial results as retail reopens and each market normalizes supply and
demand.

We expect revenue in the first half of the year to be below prior year levels but less of a decline than
experienced in Q4 as we continue to reopen stores and fuel our digital business. We expect revenue in the
second half to be up significantly versus the prior year with a healthy marketplace and a normalizing full-
price sell-through across our channels. For the full fiscal year, we expect revenue to be flat to up versus
prior year. And of course, we will have greater clarity on our full year outlook 90 days from now.

Gross margin will continue in the short term to be a function of our supply and demand management
actions as we prioritize the return to normalized inventory levels in Q2. As I said earlier, we have tightened
our buys in the first half and are focused on moving through the inventory we have as profitably as we
can. We expect SG&A to decline versus the prior year.

The financial and operating principles that will carry us through these unprecedented times are the same
ones that have guided us over the decades. And our brand momentum and deep consumer connections,
our differentiated product and continuous flow of innovation, our digital advantage and our operational
capabilities have never been stronger. In addition, consumer interest in sport, fitness, health and wellness
has never been greater, leaving NIKE's market opportunity larger than ever. And though we can't predict
short-term trends due to the dynamic nature of this pandemic, interestingly enough, we can now see our
brand's long-term future even more clearly.
With that, we'll now open the call up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NIKE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alexandra Walvis with Goldman Sachs.

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Thank you for all the comments in the prepared remarks, very interesting on the longer-term outlook for
the business. I wanted to dig a little bit more into the Consumer Direct Acceleration that, John, that you
laid out in your remarks there. Can you talk about the plan for new stores? Do you have any color on the
number of new stores that you're planning to roll out? And can you talk about what is being planned for
the wholesale business perhaps in terms of points of distribution or partners that you're targeting over
time?

John J. Donahoe
Independent President, CEO & Director

Sure, Alexander (sic) [ Alexandra ]. In a funny way, I would characterize this investment in these new
doors as a continued investment in our digital future. And here's -- we look at everything through the
eyes of the consumer. And consumers, as you know, are becoming accustomed to getting what they want,
when they want it, how they want it, right? And this pandemic has really demonstrated the shift toward
digital being at the center of everything they do, but they want modern and seamless experiences. They
don't necessarily just want to buy it digitally and have it shipped from home. You're seeing during the
pandemic, and we believe it will continue, they want to buy it on their digital device and go pick it up in
the store. Or with soft goods, like apparel, they may want to reserve it online and try it on in the store.
They may want to be in a store and buy something that's not in the store because of inventory, and the
associate uses a digital device to buy it and get shipped home.

And so consumers increasingly want a consistent, seamless physical and digital experience. And so that's
what we're committed to providing. And we're committed to providing those through, first and foremost,
our own digital capabilities as well as our own digital stores, both factory -- or I'm sorry, our own physical
stores, factory and direct. A very important piece of this is our strategic partners, our strategic wholesale
partners. We envision having fewer of them but focusing on those that will share our vision of providing a
seamless experience, a consistency in this experience with physical points of presence.

And then we think there's an incremental opportunity in the market and a need to provide a monobrand
experience, particularly around women's and apparel. We have actually seen this first hand in China. As
you know, in China, with a relatively modest investment, there are monobrand stores that dramatically
upscale how we serve consumers. I've had a chance to see this firsthand during my first weeks at NIKE
in China, which I long for to get back out on the road, get back out in the market, get back out with
consumers. That's coming again, I know. But I got to see firsthand the power of those monobrand stores.
And so we'll be opening somewhere between 150 and 200 new stores. There'll be a small footprint,
digitally-enabled monobrand stores in North America and EMEA.

It's -- we've been testing this format with NIKE Live and have a greater understanding of how to best
deliver this experience. And so we will proceed ahead this year with more test-and-learn examples of it
and scale it through the next couple of years. And again, to be clear, we believe this is incremental to
what's in the market today. It's complementary to what we are already doing and our partners are doing.
And at the end of the day, we believe that NIKE-owned physical and digital working hand-in-hand with
our key partners, online and off-line, we can create one NIKE marketplace that meets the demand of
consumers, now and in the future.

Matthew Friend
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NIKE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

And I might just jump in, Alex, and say that, as John mentioned, we've been testing the Nike Live
concept. We started in Melrose in Southern California. We've opened a store in Long Beach and in
Glendale, we've also been testing the concept in Shibuya in Tokyo. And in the first half of the year, we
intend to shift to -- NIKE-owned doors in New York to the Live concept. And as we continue to test the
concept, we've been testing the assortment, we've been testing member engagement. We're seeing that
members engage more frequently. It's serving to help us retain members. And so as John mentioned,
this is why we see this as being a catalyst to digital growth, having local stores that members can engage
with.

John J. Donahoe
Independent President, CEO & Director

That Tokyo store, inventory is driven by consumer demand, digital demand. It's constantly changing based
on what's moving. So it's a great example of a digitally connected future.

Operator

Our next question is from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I'd be interested to hear you talk more -- category offense has been such a strong initiative of the
company for many years. I'd love to hear you talk more about the shift to men's, women's, kids. How
does category offense fit into that? Maybe a little bit more behind -- the impetus behind that. And what's
the end result here? Is it higher revenue growth, better margins, more dynamic product lines?

John J. Donahoe
Independent President, CEO & Director

Omar, the first thing I'd say is the category offense is working, right? And Triple Double makes complete
sense, and our growth drivers are spot on. And they were working, frankly, when we came into the
pandemic. And the pandemic, in many ways, was a stress test for them and really proved that our current
strategy is working. So what we're talking about here is how do we take what might have taken us 3 to 5
years to make happen and make it happen in 2. And we -- I think there's some pretty fundamental shifts
in consumer behavior that give us this opportunity to accelerate our progress. One shift is digital, right?
As I said a minute ago, digital is now fundamental and central to everything consumers do, and we are the
clear leader in digital. We'll double down on that. The second I just talked about was the marketplace of
the future, right, where we believe we can drive toward one NIKE marketplace with our own capabilities
and those of our partners. But third, and directly to your question, is aligning our organization against, a,
a more simple construct of men's, women's and kids but also one that helps us unlock what we think are
great growth opportunities, right, women's, apparel, kids and, frankly, the emerging health and wellness
opportunity.

So this is not -- to be crystal clear, not abandoning the Consumer Direct Offense. This is accelerating
it and refining it so that we're more directly connected to the biggest opportunities. Like women's, I'll
just -- a great example, women's. We have less than 10% of the women's apparel market in the U.S.
Women's grew this quarter 2x the rate of men. And this will allow us to align our organization and focus
our resources more directly on that opportunity as well as on others. And so we view it as an acceleration,
and I think it will result in more directly connecting and building deep consumer relationships, which will
result in higher growth, market share. And as Matt said in his remarks, we believe also this is also healthy
for profitability.

Matthew Friend
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And Omar, I would just add that the category offense has enabled us to sharpen our focus on
performance sport and the lifestyle of sport. And this shift is going to enable us to specialize and get
deeper insights to the performance category and the lifestyle sport category through the gender lens.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NIKE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

And so if you think about it, from innovation to the way we create products and the way we bring it to
market, we believe that this is an opportunity to move from insight to innovation and creating products
specifically for the consumer and ensuring that we get it to market the way that we intended when we
capture the insight and created the product, which we believe will accelerate growth against these big
long-term opportunities.

Operator

Our next question is from Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I guess on new customer acquisition, you talked about real strength in the quarter. I guess if you look
across the suite of apps and your own dot-com, where did you see the highest uptick of new customers?
Maybe if you can share a little bit more about what you saw from that as well. And then how has that
shaped your growth strategies around your app and just your broader digital ecosystem?

John J. Donahoe
Independent President, CEO & Director

Well, Erinn, this gets to membership and why we think membership is at the center of everything we do.
And if you think about it, in simple terms, membership is a big word, but in my mind, it breaks down to
3 simple things: do we have a one-on-one relationship, an identified one-on-one relationship with the
consumer; can we increase our level of engagement with that consumer in value-added ways; and then
does that increased engagement lead to greater retention and share of wallet of their purchases. And in
terms of acquiring new members in the quarter, we had a phenomenal quarter. 25 million new members
registered. That's up over 100%. Half of those came from our activity apps. And half the new members
were women, which is a very encouraging sign.

And then that -- those new members and our existing members were highly engaged, particularly around
Nike Training Club, Nike Running Club, our SNKRS App. The stats are just -- I think I listed a few in
my remarks, and Matt did. But NTC weekly active users, which is a really important metric -- because
someone may only buy footwear and apparel a few times a year, but engaging with us each week, maybe
even each day, brings NIKE into their lives. And so we grew weekly active users triple digits in the quarter.
25 million workouts with women alone in Q4, and that which is -- and so we think the activity levels and
the engagement is growing.

And then it's really clear that increased engagement leads to increased purchases. And so the NIKE
commerce app saw triple-digit growth in both downloads and monthly active buyers as well as the SNKRS
App over $1 billion in first-time use. And so directly connecting with consumers, engaging them with our
powerful portfolio of activity apps and then translating that into the kind of both digital and online and off-
line relationships where they purchase more is kind of core to the strategy. The one NIKE marketplace, if
you will, is designed to address that direct need.

Operator

Our next question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.

Matthew Robert Boss
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congratulations on the positive momentum. So maybe as we think about the acceleration of the consumer
direct strategy that you outlined, how best, larger picture, to think about the impact on gross margin
annually as we think about 50 basis points a year prior; SG&A, I think the prior target was slight leverage
multi-year? Or maybe just said differently, is there any constraints hindering this overall acceleration being
a relative acceleration of your mid-teens bottom line annual algorithm?

Matthew Friend
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NIKE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

Well, Matt, the way I would answer your question is that our long-term financial model has always been
principled. And it starts with creating value for the consumer, which then translates into creating business
value and, ultimately, value for the shareholders. And our focus is on creating sustainable, profitable
long-term growth. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the shift to digital is financially accretive to
NIKE. And we believe that this will be an enabler for us to sustain that momentum longer term. In the
near term, or in any given period, obviously, we deal with foreign currency, we deal with anomalies that
can have an impact on an interim period. But we're very confident in how this strategy will enable us to
sustain that growth long term.

What I would tell you, because you asked the question about investment, we've been -- this quarter,
in particular, was indicative of an opportunity for us where we managed SG&A very tightly, but we
actually accelerated investment the way we needed to, to enable our employees to work from home, to
enable digital demand, to do the things that we needed to do in order to be able to accommodate the
environment in which we're operating. And as we look to the future, while we will accelerate investment
against the areas that I referenced, we also see equal opportunity for us to shift resources that sit in our
P&L in legacy forms, which we can redeploy again to the future. And so that's going to be our focus as we
look towards the future. We will be investing, but we're going to try to -- we're going to accommodate it
within the confines of our existing financial model.

Operator

Your next question is from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

I just have a couple of questions on the inventory. And I think the plan is to sort of have it rightsized by
the second quarter. Can you just talk through the major strategies that you have and the flexibility that
you have to sort of utilize your outlets versus off-price versus the digital piece of it? And just walk us
through some of the major initiatives in terms of getting back there on the supply/demand piece of this,
please?

Matthew Friend
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Bob. As you know, Nike has always tried to carefully manage supply and demand. And as a premium
brand, we maintain our premium nature because we try to optimize a full-price marketplace across our
channels season after season after season. And so when the pandemic hit, it became clear that there was
going to be excess inventory for a period of time. And we pulled many of the levers that we have at our
disposal in order to be aggressive in addressing this issue. And in particular, we said our first and primary
principle was to get inventory clean in the marketplace as fast as we possibly can. And so we now feel
confident, based upon the actions that we've taken, that we will have inventory rightsized and clean by Q2
-- or in Q2. And in China, as I referenced, given they faced the pandemic a little bit earlier, they're going
to clear and come out of the situation from an inventory perspective by the end of June. And so we feel
very good about the actions that we've taken.

To your point, we are -- the marketplace is more promotional. We have shifted more units of liquidation
through our factory store fleet because that's a brand right way for us to liquidate our inventory
at a higher profitability level. But we are also seeing some discounting that's happening across the
marketplace. But our discounting is less than what we're seeing across the broader marketplace. And our
strong brand and our consumer connection is causing us to liquidate and move through inventory faster
than what we're seeing across the rest of the marketplace. And so through the first 3 weeks of June, as
I referenced, we feel like we're on track against this plan -- or we are on track against this plan and are
confident that we're going to be positioned for the consumer and for the market in the second half of the
year.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NIKE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

Great. And I guess a quick follow-up is, with the NBA season looking to return, any early picks in terms of
who you guys think will win the title in the back half?

John J. Donahoe
Independent President, CEO & Director

Bob, we are so happy that basketball is going to be back. We just want someone wearing a NIKE uniform
to win, and we feel pretty good about that prediction.

Operator

Your next question is from Jay Sole with UBS.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Matt, you talked about the shift of inventory to direct consumer and increase the digital capacity 3x to
meet the demand through digital. Can you just talk a little bit more about that, like, what that means?
And going forward, is there any constraints that will -- from a capacity perspective, that will slow the
company's growth to getting e-commerce to be 50% of the total business going forward?

Matthew Friend
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Jay. So I'm incredibly proud of our teams that work in our global operation and logistics because
they delivered no small feat in the quarter, increasing the amount of volume that we could ship by 3x in
North America and EMEA without much of an increase in cost on a per unit basis. And the reason why they
could do that is because our current distribution capabilities are omnichannel, which means we can ship to
wholesale customers, our factory stores and to digital. And that enabled us to be agile in the moment to
increase our demand -- our digital demand fulfillment.

As we look forward, I mentioned that we're going to be investing in a new facility on the West Coast of the
U.S. in order to be able to fulfill demand through holiday. And we expect that we will continue to invest
in regional service centers in order to be able to fulfill demand closer to the consumer. But we're also
enabling buy online -- we've also enabled buy online, pick up in store and ship from store from our stores,
which will also be a way that we fulfill demand closer to the consumer. So I guess a long way of saying
that we feel confident that we can continue to meet this digital demand. And our team continues to be
able to expand capacity without it compromising our cost per unit. In fact, they continue to do what they
can to mitigate cost per unit, and we believe it's a long-term opportunity for us as well.

John J. Donahoe
Independent President, CEO & Director

And I may just add a little bit of color on that. Look, Jay, the week before last, I had a chance to go out
and visit our teams in Memphis, along with Andy Campion. By the way, Andy is not on the earnings call
anymore, but he's working full time as our COO on just what Matt was talking about and doing a great
job. And Andy and Venki and I went out and saw our teams in Memphis and got to see this Adapt facility
that Matt talked about. That was initially constructed to serve wholesale but has now been completely
redeployed to serve direct-to-consumer.

And I think, Matt, you referenced the power of data, right, the power of that Celect acquisition where
advanced analytics and data -- demand-sensing capabilities can allow us to get the right product as close
to the consumer in the right time, which offers enormous efficiency opportunities, right, and by the way,
that's a scale game. And that's going to allow us to build scale that others won't be able to match. And we
want to share that scale with our wholesale partners and others as we embrace this. And so it was really
great to see that team, and they've done a phenomenal job as their counterparts in Europe and in China.

Operator

Our last question is from John Kernan with Cowen.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NIKE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

John David Kernan
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Congrats on all the momentum. Matt, maybe a little more detail on the inventory obsolescence, the bad
debt and the fixed supply chain costs and the level that you faced in the fourth quarter, obviously, pretty
significant. How do we think about those line items in the first quarter and as fiscal '21 evolves?

Matthew Friend
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, John. Let me break it down for you a little bit. The first thing I would say is that year-to-date,
through the first 3 quarters of fiscal year '20, we delivered strong gross margin expansion, about 70
basis points, excluding the impact of FX. And that was on the back of a really strong product portfolio,
innovation and then, ultimately, our digital business. In the fourth quarter, our gross margin was impacted
by COVID-19 and the decision that we took to prioritize cleaning and rightsizing our inventory by -- into
Q2. And so the plans that we aggressively put in place to rebalance supply and demand did have an
impact on our margins in Q4.

But let me break down the 820 for you maybe a little bit more. About 500 basis points of the impact
was related to factory PO cancels, inventory obsolescence as we were making decisions about the value
of our inventory and our plans to liquidate it and then the negative rate impact due to lower wholesale
shipments on our supply chain costs. What that last point really means is that, as our press release said,
our wholesale shipments were down 50%. But because our costs are mostly fixed, you see a rate -- a
negative rate impact as a result of that. And so as wholesale shipments start to pick up, you'll see less
of an impact as you look towards the future. And then we also had 70 basis points of FX headwind in the
quarter.

As we look ahead to next year, we do expect the market to remain promotional in the first half. And in
Q4, we had about 250 basis points impact from, like, promotional activity across our own stores and our
partners as we were investing to liquidate inventory across the marketplace. As we look to the first half
of next year, we expect that the marketplace will continue to be promotional as we and our partners are
moving through this inventory to achieve our goal. But as I said in my prepared remarks, we expect to see
sequential improvement relative to what we delivered in Q4 as we move quarter-by-quarter through the
first half.

I think you also asked about bad debt. So bad debt sits in SG&A, it doesn't sit in margin. And it was $180
million in the quarter. I think that's really more reflective of the wholesale marketplace, and our risk
assessment of some of our wholesale customers and the impact that this pandemic has had on their ability
to pay NIKE for receivables that we're owed. And so if you connect the dots to what John said in terms of
our strategic acceleration, we do believe that there's going to be consolidation and dislocation in wholesale
distribution in North America and in EMEA. And that's why we're taking a measured approach to growth in
those geos as we look forward to next year.

John J. Donahoe
Independent President, CEO & Director

And embracing the great wholesale partners that we think will be the real winners along with us and
partnering as closely as we can with them to build that marketplace of the future.

Andy Muir
Vice President of Investor Relations

So thanks, everyone, for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Take
care and stay safe.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NIKE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

