Norfolk Southern Corporation NYSE:NSC
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 28, 2021 12:45 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.97

3.28

Revenue  (mm)

2768.04

2799.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-19-2021 1:46 PM GMT

10.44

1.12

3.05

11.67

13.25

2787.25

10962.49

11622.91

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.37

2.48

2.54

2.97

2.51

2.64

2.66

3.28

5.91 %

6.45 %

4.72 %

10.44 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing
Officer

Cynthia M. Sanborn
Executive VP & COO

James A. Squires
Chairman, President & CEO

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Fadi Chamoun
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Mark R. George
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Jonathan B. Chappell
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Meghan Achimasi
Senior Director of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Allison M. Landry
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Bascome Majors
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Brandon Robert Oglenski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Justin Trennon Long
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Securities, Research Division

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Walter Noel Spracklin
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the Norfolk Southern Corporation Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce Meghan Achimasi, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Ms.
Achimasi. You may now begin.

Meghan Achimasi
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Please note that during today's call, we will make certain
forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from
actual results. Please refer to our annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC for a full discussion of
those risks and uncertainties we view as most important.

Our presentation slides are available at nscorp.com in the Investors section along with our reconciliation of
non-GAAP measures used today to the comparable GAAP measures. A full transcript and download will be
posted after the call.

It is now my pleasure to introduce Norfolk Southern's Chairman, President and CEO, Jim Squires.

James A. Squires
Chairman, President & CEO

Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Norfolk Southern's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Joining
me today are Cindy Sanborn, Chief Operating Officer; Alan Shaw, Chief Marketing Officer; and Mark
George, Chief Financial Officer.

Building upon our momentum to start the year, our team delivered another record-setting quarter as
dramatic improvement in both revenue and volume up 34% and 25%, respectively, outpaced an 11%
growth in expense. And while the year-over-year improvement is aided by easier comps from last year's
economic shutdown, our performance in the quarter also improved sequentially in a number of ways, as
shown on Slide 4.

Our results include second quarter records for net income and earnings per share and all-time records for
operating income and operating ratio, which was 58.3% this quarter. We are excited to share more details
about our results. But first, I want to take a moment to thank each and every one of our employees for
helping us run a more efficient and safer railroad while serving our customers.

And I'll now turn to Cindy to go through our operations. Cindy?

Cynthia M. Sanborn
Executive VP & COO

Thanks, Jim, and good morning. We accomplished a lot this quarter, and I am most pleased with our PSR
progress during the past several months. We continue to get more productive, face our challenges head
on and seize the opportunities we are creating. In the second quarter, we saw the benefits of a structurally
lower operating cost base, coupled with an operation that successfully absorbed increased volumes in the
network.

Turning to the operating metrics on Slide 6. You can clearly see the operating leverage generated in the
quarter, leverage that flowed directly to the bottom line. Our operating discipline enabled us to handle
a 25% year-over-year volume increase with 8% fewer people in our workforce and a 1% decrease in
active locomotives. This success shows our improvements in train size, reflecting our goal of absorbing
more business into our existing operating network wherever possible and further driving productivity.
These gains were achieved in part by the increased deployment of distributed power and more blending of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

previously separate traffic types on the same train. We will continue to unlock train size increases through
targeted siding extensions on key routes where train length is currently limited.

Terminal capacity enhancements, which we've achieved through more efficient operating practices, will
also be a key factor in absorbing and processing growth on these larger trains. Increased train size
promotes better fuel efficiency, and our progress this quarter reflects our commitment to closing the fuel
efficiency gap with our peers.

Our mechanical team, which manages the maintenance of our highly reliable locomotive fleet pulling these
larger trains, has been crucial to many of these accomplishments, and I'll give you more detail on that a
little later in my presentation.

On Slide 7, you can see in the second quarter, we showed sequential improvement in terminal dwell and
train velocity after we got through the severe winter weather in the first quarter. However, our progress
was uneven, and we lost ground in June, in part due to several discrete but geographically impactful
operating disruptions. We aren't satisfied with our service levels, and we are working extremely hard to
seize the opportunity PSR presents to recover faster from disruptions. As the graphs show, we resumed
our improvement in July. We are committed to continuing to improve service levels and running a faster
railroad, not just because a faster railroad is a lower-cost railroad but also because speed generates
capacity for us to take on additional traffic within our existing train network.

I'll move to Slide 8. During the quarter, we strive to deliver a consistent service product, even with
significant volume changes, by focusing on the consistency and productivity of our yard and local
operations. We are teaching and equipping our field managers to better measure the work our yard and
local crews do and answer some important questions. Does the number of assignments working match
the car volumes flowing through a terminal or territory? Are we getting full value out of each resource
in our yards? What's the right balance of overtime cost? Where are the further automation or process
opportunities to help us reduce support costs, including clerical staff and mechanical presence?

We are implementing technology to provide better and more timely data to answer these questions, which
helps us reduce direct operating cost and improve service consistency. In several locations, we've renewed
our focus on more efficient remote control operations, which have been facilitated by the changing nature
of the work over the last year. Local operations scheduled and properly sized volumes enable us to be
more predictable to our customers and move cars quickly. Having a higher balance of crews assigned to
road train service while creating capacity within the terminal through process enhancements makes us
nimble in responding to market changes and reducing our fixed costs.

Local service is at the core of our service product, and these changes are designed to improve that
product. So far, we have reduced the cost per yard in local crew 7% versus last year and expect additional
progress as the year continues. In a moment, Mark will discuss the benefits of reduced headcount and
employee activity levels and constraining overall compensation expense as we absorb volume. Our focus
on yard and local productivity has played a pivotal role in driving those benefits.

We pursue targeted initiatives, such as these, with an eye towards the next generation of modern
railroading, which we are bringing to life today. We continue to empower our workforce through the
delivery of mobility solutions and have distributed 8,000 smartphones to our T&E employees to facilitate
improved reporting and to streamline the process of keeping trains moving.

In the third quarter, we will begin rolling out a next-generation local train reporting application to improve
our visibility and customer service for the first and last mile. We are also in the final months of deployment
of our current phase of the mobile track authority application that facilitates more efficient coordination
between engineering and dispatching functions for right-of-way maintenance activities. We are at a very
exciting time for our company and industry, in which we have ample opportunities to drive customer and
shareholder value through both operational improvements and technology, a powerful formula.

Earlier, I mentioned the role the mechanical team has played in our PSR success, so I thought it would be
useful to explain their crucial role on Slide 9. PSR railroads, Norfolk Southern included, end up needing
fewer locomotives. What our mechanical department has done is to take that initial inning and use it

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

strategically to call the worst performing units and to make our locomotive fleet more homogeneous.
Those changes unlock repair productivity. Think about the benefits of repairing newer and fewer
locomotives, which drove down the number of units out of service for repair. That started a virtuous cycle
of improved reliability with 175% improvement in the days between unscheduled events to a shop versus
pre-PSR levels. Meaning that when units do go into the shop, our craftsmen can spend more time on
preventive maintenance instead of triaging issues. This cycle repeats itself and ultimately supports the
efficient movement of trains and serving our customers.

Fewer, more reliable units also require fewer resources. So we need fewer servicing facilities and have
fewer people maintaining locomotives. This is just an example, a big example of Norfolk Southern's PSR
transformation. These changes are purposely aligned with our overall fleet strategy, including investments
in our fewer but better units through our DC to AC conversion, energy management solutions and
predictive analytic tools for maintenance planning and failure prevention. When taken as a whole, the
benefits of this strategy flow through our materials, fuel and compensation expense lines, while ensuring
we have a robust fleet capable of supporting profitable growth.

Now I'll turn it over to Alan.

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Thank you, Cindy, and good morning, everyone. You can see on Slide 11 that we are approaching pre-
pandemic revenue levels. However, the composition of our business has changed dramatically due to
the secular trends in the overall economy that were accelerated by the pandemic. Norfolk Southern is
positioned at the forefront of these shifts due to the unique advantages of our powerful consumer-oriented
franchise and the diverse industrial markets we serve.

The progress we have delivered amid dynamic business conditions underscores the value we provide to
the markets we serve. Norfolk Southern's network directly connects to the majority of consumption and
manufacturing in the United States and is a vital resource for maintaining the flow of goods to support the
economy. We are building on the inherent value of our network by working to provide our customers with
the digital logistics solutions they need to compete and grow in an evolving market.

The sustainability advantages of the Norfolk Southern franchise deliver a competitive advantage, provide
customers with solutions to their carbon offset goals and are an accelerant to growth. In the second
quarter of 2021, we successfully capitalized on opportunities by leveraging productivity enhancements and
collaborating with our customers. As a result, second quarter revenue in our nonenergy markets exceeded
pre-pandemic levels by 4%. Growth this quarter was driven by consumer-facing and industrial segments,
which helped to offset sustained headwinds in our energy markets.

Revenue in our energy-related markets returned to just over 2/3 of pre-pandemic levels in the second
quarter of 2021. Our market position enabled a quick recovery in consumer and industrial markets, almost
fully offsetting the 50% decline in our energy revenue despite the sharp decrease in this historically
profitable segment, we reduced operating ratio, levering the strength of our unique franchise to target
segments of the $800 billion truck and logistics markets with a sharp focus on productivity.

Turning to Slide 12. Our quarterly volume and revenue improved significantly from pandemic lows in all
3 business units, reflecting our ability to capitalize and build on the momentum of improving economic
conditions. Total revenue for the quarter was $2.8 billion, up 34% year-over-year on a 25% volume
improvement. Rising fuel prices and price gains drove a 7% improvement in revenue per unit, led by our
intermodal franchise, which delivered record-breaking revenue per unit and revenue per unit less fuel.
Sequentially, volume and revenue improved in all 3 business units over the first quarter, in line with the
accelerating economic recovery.

Beginning with our Merchandise segment, both volume and revenue improved 29% versus the second
quarter of 2020, driven primarily by recovery from COVID-19-related shutdowns in the prior period. While
automotive continued to face headwinds associated with the semiconductor chip shortage, shipments

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

in the second quarter were up 122% year-over-year against easy comps associated with near complete
shutdown of vehicle production in the second quarter of last year.

Our steel franchise also delivered strong growth this quarter, up 67% as record-level steel prices and
elevated demand fueled production activity. Combined gains in automotive and steel volume represented
roughly 63% of total Merchandise growth for the quarter. Revenue per unit was flat, while revenue per
unit, excluding fuel, declined slightly, driven by mix headwinds in chemicals and automotive.

Turning to intermodal. Our powerful franchise delivered record-breaking revenue, revenue per unit
and revenue per unit less fuel for the quarter. The second quarter of 2021 marks the 18th consecutive
quarter of year-over-year growth in revenue per unit, excluding fuel, for our intermodal franchise. Strong
consumer demand and tightness in the trucking sector drove growth for our domestic service product.
Domestic shipments were up 17% year-over-year in the second quarter and up 4% from the same period
in 2019. International shipments were also strong in the second quarter, improving 26% year-over-
year on sustained high import demand, but were down 3% from the same period in 2019. Revenue per
unit gains were driven by increased accessorial revenue, higher fuel surcharge revenue and price gains.
Approximately 50% of the revenue per unit gain was driven by higher container storage time on terminal
due to supply chain recovery challenges.

Lastly, our coal segment experienced some bright spots in the second quarter due to higher demand
levels, driven by global economic recovery and weather events. Coal shipments improved 55% year-
over-year with strength in both the export and utility markets. Revenue per unit decreased slightly due
primarily to negative mix experienced in our export markets, where growth was driven by strength in the
lower RPU export thermal market.

Moving to our outlook on Slide 13. We expect the current economic momentum to continue through the
end of the year and are raising our guidance for full year revenue growth to approximately 12% year-
over-year. The overall economy continues to surprise the upside with forecast for 2021 GDP growth now
at around 7% and approximately 5% for 2022. Industrial production is forecasted to increase 6% in
2021 and north of 3% in 2022. Increased manufacturing, coupled with record low retail inventories, high
savings rates and increased energy consumption, all sets a stage for continued growth in the second half
of the year.

Merchandise growth will be led by strength in steel markets as low business inventory to sales ratios
and sustained demand for durable goods drives manufacturing activity in the second half. We are well
positioned to capture opportunities associated with current strength in the steel markets as our network
serves more integrated steel mills than any other railroad in North America.

Merchandise energy markets will benefit from increased travel and commuting activities as businesses
continue to reopen and virus restrictions are lifted. Pulp board and plastics volumes are also expected
to increase as personal consumption drives demand for packaging. Merchandise gains will be partially
offset by a year-over-year decline in automotive shipments in the third quarter due to planned production
downtime associated with the semiconductor shortage.

Demand for international trade to support recovering global economies is expected to lead second half
growth in our intermodal franchise. Domestic intermodal demand will continue to improve as well with
consumer spending and e-commerce forecasts strengthening through the end of the year and ongoing
capacity constraints in the trucking sector driving more opportunity for highway to rail conversions.

Our coal franchise will continue to capitalize on near-term opportunities to support global energy demand
and steel production. Volume in the second half of 2021 is expected to improve year-over-year, driven
by export markets benefiting from high seaborne coal prices, making U.S. coals more competitive in the
global market. Demand for domestic met to support growing steel production activity is also likely to
produce year-over-year growth. Gains in these markets will be partially offset by expected year-over-year
declines in utility volume as this market deals with unit retirements, coal supply and planned maintenance
outages.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Volatility is an ever-present risk in the coal market. So we are closely monitoring geopolitical trade
tensions and coal production, both of which have a potential to influence results.

Overall, we expect economic conditions to be favorable for Norfolk Southern growth through the end of
2021. We are confident in our ability to leverage the strengths of our unique franchise and continue to
drive revenue and margin growth.

I will now turn it over to Mark, who will cover our financial results.

Mark R. George
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Thanks, Alan. On Slide 15, you see the reconciliation of our Q2 reported operating ratio and earnings per
share versus 2020.

The operating ratio of 58.3% represents a 1,240 basis point improvement. We had $67 million of property
gains in the quarter, of which there was one major transaction that closed at the end of the quarter
and resulted in a $55 million gain. We view this single transaction as incremental to our normal yearly
operating property gain guidance of $30 million to $40 million, and it alone represents 200 basis points of
the operating ratio improvement this quarter.

Earnings per share at $3.28 was $1.75 higher than prior year. Aside from the $0.17 goodness from the
property gain, there was a state tax law change that resulted in a favorable adjustment to our deferred
taxes of $0.09.

Moving to Slide 16. Alan walked you through the drivers of the 34% increase in revenues, including the
25% growth in volumes. At the same time, we contained growth in operating expenses to 11% as we
harvested additional benefits from workforce and asset productivity. The volume growth, coupled with the
productivity, drove strong incremental margins again this quarter, resulting in an operating ratio that was
a record low 58.3%, improving 1,240 basis points year-over-year and 320 basis points sequentially versus
Q1, including the 200 basis point tailwind from the major property gain.

Our operating income at $1.167 billion in the quarter is another record, up $557 million or 91% year-
over-year. And we generated free cash flow of $1.47 billion through 6 months, also a record, and that
represents an increase of $447 million or 44% versus the same 6 months last year.

Moving now to a drill down of operating expense performance on Slide 17. You'll see that operating
expenses increased $157 million or 11%. And fuel was the biggest driver of the increase, with price
driving expenses up $83 million. Usage increased due to higher volumes, which was partially offset by
another quarter of fuel efficiency gains, a 4% improvement in the quarter. The increase in purchased
services and rents is driven by volumes, although we managed to keep the increase in these categories
well below the volume growth rates.

Comp and ben is up 6%, with savings from headcount being down 8% year-over-year, offsetting increases
in pay rates and overtime. Higher incentive compensation in the quarter was $39 million, reflecting the
improved outlook for the year and low accrual rates of last year. Despite the 25% growth in volume,
materials were actually down year-over-year from lower spend associated with fewer but more productive
locomotives, thanks to the rationalization of the equipment last year and the initiatives that Cindy
described earlier.

The big item in the materials and other column is the favorable compare on gains from property sales in
Q2, and that was $67 million in the quarter versus only $2 million last year.

Turning to Slide 18. You'll see that other income net of $35 million is $14 million or 29% unfavorable
year-over-year due primarily to lower net returns on our company-owned life insurance investments. Our
effective tax rate in the quarter was only 21%, lower than we typically model and that was primarily from
the benefit associated with the state tax law change.

Net income increased by 109%, while earnings per share grew 114%, supported by the nearly 3.4 million
shares we repurchased in the quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Wrapping up now with our free cash flow on Slide 19. And as I mentioned, free cash flow was a record
for the 6 months of 2021 at $1.47 billion, buoyed by very strong operating cash generation and relatively
modest property additions of $627 million thus far in the year, and that translates to a free cash flow
conversion of 99% through 6 months. Although we still expect property additions to ramp up in the
balance of the year and hit our $1.6 billion guidance number.

Shareholder distributions through 6 months exceeds $2 billion, an increase of $870 million versus prior
year, thanks to our recently increased dividend and the meaningful increase in our share repurchase
activity.

And with that, I'll turn it back over to Jim.

James A. Squires
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Mark. When we spoke last quarter, I took the opportunity to share our company's long-
standing commitment to sustainability. Along those lines, I'm excited to report 2 brand new milestones in
our journey.

Earlier this quarter, we became the first North American Class 1 railroad to issue a green bond, launching
$500 million in green bonds, to fund sustainable investments, to reduce our carbon emissions and partner
with customers to do the same. As outlined in our green financing framework, potential projects range
from improving locomotive fuel efficiency, to fostering truck-to-rail conversions, powering company
operations with clean energy, to increasing the use of energy-efficient buildings and technology and
supporting reforestation projects that restore natural landscapes and offset carbon emissions.

In addition to our green bonds, we achieved another significant milestone earlier this month with the
approval of our science-based target. Our commitment to reduce emissions intensity by 42% in the next
15 years. These 2 steps are a critical part of our shared commitment to sustainability with our investors,
customers, partners and communities, underscoring our resolve to be an even bigger part of the solution.

Before we open the call to Q&A, I'll take a moment to provide our updated outlook based on the current
economic environment. As Alan mentioned, we are even more confident about growth for the balance
of this year, and we now expect revenue to be up approximately 12% year-over-year. Strength in our
consumer-oriented and manufacturing markets will drive the majority of the growth, and the near-term
upside in coal markets will provide more of a lift this year than previously expected, though the market
remains challenged in the long term.

We are also succeeding in driving productivity into our operations. And as a result, we got on to our 60%
run rate here in the second quarter. We expect to maintain this OR level for the balance of the year, which
translates to at least 400 basis points of OR improvement for the full year versus our adjusted 2020 result.
And we'll build upon this momentum for more improvements in 2022 and long-term sustained value for
our shareholders and customers.
So with that, we'll open the call to your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Chris Wetherbee with Citi.

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Maybe if you could just pick up where you left off, Jim, on the guidance, particularly for the operating ratio
guidance. So obviously, there have been some service dynamics that have deteriorated in the quarter,
not just necessarily for Norfolk Southern, certainly, that's more of an industry comment. But I'm kind of
curious how you think about resource management in the back half of the year. So it sounds like CapEx is
going to ramp back up to sort of get back on run rate for the full year target.

How do we think about headcount? How do we think about some of the other resources that maybe you
have some levers that you can pull? And kind of how quickly do you think service can kind of ramp up? So
a few questions built in there, but really kind of embedded in that OR guidance, which is obviously better
than what you gave us before in the context of what we're seeing with service.

James A. Squires
Chairman, President & CEO

Let me start, and then I'll turn it over to Cindy to talk about some of the specific actions we're taking on
the workforce front. We continue to see opportunities for workforce and other productivity in the second
half of the year. Yes, we are facing some spot labor shortages, but they're just that. Systemically, we think
we'll manage and that we will continue to generate labor productivity in the second half, in fact.

And that should translate into favorable results for expenses and for the bottom line as well. We
mentioned as part of the overall OR guidance, the expectation for revenue -- revised expectation for
revenue, we took that up some 2%. So you put the 2 together, and that gets you to the new guidance on
the OR, which is more than 400 basis points for the year.

Cindy, talk a little bit more about what we're doing on the resource side.

Cynthia M. Sanborn
Executive VP & COO

Sure, Jim. Thanks, Chris. So if you think about where we started the year, we had planned to hire -- it
wasn't going to be broad-based. We expected to gain productivity in our workforce throughout the year
and largely has played out that way. And my prepared remarks go into some more detail on that. I will say
that from a standpoint of hiring where we are hiring, there are a few higher group locations, just specific
areas, where job market is extremely tight. And so we are experiencing that in our ability to bring on new
employees. So -- but it's fairly localized. It's not broad-based.

So to mitigate that, we pull on some of our typical items that we -- how we deploy people through what
we call Go Teams where we have employees that quickly can go into areas and support the existing crews
that are there. Temporary transfers, permanent transfers and even craft transfers from, let's say, the
mechanical craft into transportation.

And in terms of hiring, some of the areas that we're working on there to be able to get people to come to
us, we've increased our training wage. And we've also have some sign-on and retention bonuses for the
new employees as they come on. So we're working very diligently there. It is a headwind for us. We're
watching it very, very closely.

And you tied it to service. And I would tell you that our service, as we -- as I think about that more broad-
based and coming into the beginning of the year, we had fairly strong service measures. We went through
a very challenging February and a very strong demand for volume in March on top of a really low demand

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

for service because of the weather in February. And we started coming out of those challenges in late April
and May and felt really good about where we are.

As we headed into June, we had -- and I also described this a bit in my prepared remarks, sort of a
series of events that -- couple of derailments, not big derailments, but just locations where they were
challenging for us. And then as we're recovering from that, we had some weather events that just
elongated the recovery. So June was just a challenging month. As we came out of the July holiday, July
4th holiday, we have accelerated the gains from May and the run rates that we had for May. And I feel
better and good about where we are. We're not satisfied with where we are. We want to continue to
improve service for our customers. But that's largely how I see the dynamic here between resources and
service.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Jon Chappell with Evercore ISI.

Jonathan B. Chappell
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Alan, everybody knows about the chip shortage and the impact it's having on the auto industry. But your
comments about being down year-over-year in 3Q is maybe a bit surprising just given your network, it's
been a little bit more immune given the heavy SUV exposure there. Can you speak to your expectations
beyond 3Q, especially as you get into that 12% increase in volumes for the full year, for the total network,
what are you expecting from auto? Is there a massive snapback there where the second half kind of looks
the same, even though the third quarter may be a little bit lighter? And how does that kind of pretend into
next year's view on the auto market?

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Jon, the semiconductors are certainly the headline issue. What we're seeing right now is the impact of
the Delta variant on producers, who are our suppliers, I should say, in Southeast Asia. And so we've got
a couple of plants that source parts from Southeast Asia. And as -- and because of issue -- production
issues over there, they've had to pull forward planned production downtime later this year. And so that has
had an impact on our production and our volumes right now.

Over time, we feel like we're going to get back to all the plants operating in August. But Jon, you know
that we've talked about that before and had to push it back. And then we're still anticipating by the fourth
quarter, we're going to be in a position where we're at full production.

You're right, plants that we serve and the products that we move are in high demand. So they will be the
ones that get the first call on any available parts, whether it's semiconductors or anything else. Right now,
finished vehicle inventories to normalized sales are in the teens. It's probably about 1/3 or 1/4 of where
our customers want them. And so we serve more U.S. vehicle production than anybody else, and we serve
an industry that's going to be very interested on inventory rebuild, both this year and as we move into
next year. So we're pretty confident about the trajectory of our auto franchise once we kind of weather
this initial bump.

Jonathan B. Chappell
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. So just to be clear, the 12% total volume growth, is that including a "made hole" on auto or that's in
spite of auto, maybe weaker than you thought?

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Yes, I'm glad you brought that up. It is 12% revenue growth on upper single-digit volume growth.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Our next question is from the line of Justin Long from Stephens.

Justin Trennon Long
Stephens Inc., Research Division

On the OR guidance, I just wanted to clarify, are you including the $55 million gain on sale and the
expectation for 400 to 440 basis points of year-over-year improvement? And then maybe just thinking
beyond even the second half of this year, would love to get your thoughts about incremental margins
going forward as we look into 2022 and beyond and think about the opportunity beyond the 60% OR?

James A. Squires
Chairman, President & CEO

Mark, why don't you take that one?

Mark R. George
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Sure. Look, Justin, the guidance does include -- it's all in. So it does include this major property gain that
we called out or highlighted for you. And look, I think incrementals, we had very, very strong incrementals
here in the first half, and the guidance implies we're going to continue to have very strong incrementals in
the back half, albeit less than the first half.

We do have some unique headwinds here in the second half. That would include things like fuel. Fuel
is a headwind to us. A lot of the incremental revenue that we're adding here in our guidance change is
coming from fuel. So it's fuel surcharge, which is mitigating incremental fuel expense. So there's really no
incremental margin from that. So it tends to dilute what we have organically in the back half.

And then on top of that, we will have some diminishing accessorial charges, which hopefully help fuel
some more volume that comes with it. And of course, we've got some IC headwind here in the back half
as well. But that said, incrementals are good, and we continue to believe that going into 2022, we will
continue to improve our OR on an incremental basis. And buoyed by some of the productivity initiatives
and measures that we're constantly looking at and Cindy and her team are iterating on the T&E side as
well as fuel efficiency, that should help, again, provide us consistent and continued improvement in our
overall OR quest.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Thomas Wadewitz with UBS.

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Wanted to ask you a little bit about intermodal. I guess the first component just being, how do you think
about the storage fees? I mean I think you alluded to them being a pretty big factor in revenue per unit
growth in intermodal. Do you think they continue at that level in the third quarter, second half? Is that a
big falloff in that?

And I guess related to that, how do you think about the terminal operations? Are you constraining volume
into Chicago? And kind of what's the chassis impact on your fluidity? And how you think that may -- how
quickly that may change in terms of capacity constraints?

James A. Squires
Chairman, President & CEO

Welcome, Tom. Our accessorial programs are designed to align the mutual goals of NS and our customers
for a more efficient and reliable service product. And with the pressure on the drayage community
and with the pressure on warehousing due to pandemic protocols and labor shortages, our customers
in certain locations needed more space for storage. And so we responded to the market. We've
added satellite lots in some areas. We've reconfigured our stack configuration at Landers, our heavily
international facility in Chicago. And we've been able to accommodate a lot more international units

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

dwelling on our terminals because that's what our customers need. It's -- our accessorials, in this case,
are an activity-based service and price that we apply to the market.

We are absolutely focused on programs that encourage the fluidity of our operations. And really, our hope
clearly is that the accessorials go away because that means that customers are pulling more quickly from
our terminals. And as soon as customers pull boxes from our terminals, we can inbound more boxes
into our terminals. It's not an issue of capacity, it's an issue of throughput. And we're working on some
programs to encourage dual missions with the drayage community. So any time that they in get a box,
they're out getting a box as well.

You mentioned chassis, and I'm glad you brought that up. As you know that about 6 weeks ago, we
determined that over 5,100 of our chassis had a manufacturing defect. It was a supplier issue. And with
our uncompromising commitment to safety, we didn't hesitate to pull those off the street. Now that
happened in a tough environment. We were already short of chassis because of elongated street well
associated with the same warehouse and same drayage community pressures that I noted before. I'm
very proud of the way that we have responded and, frankly, in collaboration with our customers as well,
we stood up a number of different locations and an entire network of vendors to repair these chassis, the
brand-new process.

We've got 80 different locations, in which we are repairing the chassis. Some of them are even off of our
network, and we're working with foreign roads, our Western partners, on a number of gateway locations.
As a result, we've already repaired 40% of our chassis just in the first 6 weeks. Right now, we're on a run
rate where we're repairing about 10% of those affected chassis. And we fully believe that by the end of
August, we will have repaired about 3/4 of the affected chassis, which are effectively anything that's on
our network. The rest have kind of migrated off network, and we're working with the foreign roads to get
that back -- those back to us, so that we can repair them.

We haven't closed gates. I want to make it very clear. What we're doing in certain lanes where we -- at
the destination, we have a shortage of chassis because of this safety recall, we are metering or capping
volume. And every day, this improves because every day, we're repairing chassis, putting them back
into the market, and we are relaxing the metering program. You can see the impact on our volume
sequentially as you move out of May into the first half of June and then where we are now. And that as we
continue to repair the chassis, you'll see volumes pick up...

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So I guess -- I mean are you optimistic that improvement is quick? Or is that kind of slow? I think that's
kind of underlying what I was asking.

James A. Squires
Chairman, President & CEO

Improvement in volumes?

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Throughput. Yes, you said throughput is the key. Would you expect quick improvement in throughput? Or
is that pretty gradual throughout second half?

James A. Squires
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, it's going to improve as we get more chassis back into the market. As I told you, we're going to have
about 3/4 of these, all the ones that are on our network repaired by the end of August. We're also in --
starting in September, we're going to inject more chassis out of the lease market into our network as well.
So we are applying capacity to the growth opportunities that are out there for our customers.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Our next question is from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research.

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

Mark, I wanted to ask you about some of the cost lines. We saw a step-up in purchase services and comp
per employee in the second quarter. How should we think about that going forward from here? And then
similarly, Alan, Merchandise and coal RPU was -- they were both down sequentially. Any thoughts on how
to think about that into the back half of the year?

Mark R. George
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Scott, let me -- first, I'll tackle comp and ben for employee. It did step up a little bit here in the second
quarter. Frankly, we ended up hitting our 60% OR a quarter or 2 earlier than we thought to get on that
run rate, led us to increase our outlook for the year on operating ratio. And I think, as you know, our
incentive plan is heavily oriented toward OR improvement. So that resulted in an increase to incentive
comp accruals beyond what we had initially guided. So you see about an 8% -- well, sorry, 16% increase
in the quarter year-over-year in comp and ben for employees. About half of that is from the incentive. The
rest is really split between wage inflation over time, payroll taxes.

So now I think when you look at the balance of the year, just look at it on an absolute comp per employee
basis. First half is roughly around 33,000 between the first quarter and second quarter. And I think it's
going to end up being pretty much in that territory in the back half as well, around 33,000. So pretty
specific number there.

Purchase services, it did step up. I think we guided you that it would step up, that Q1 was more of an
anomalous drop. There was some deferral of expenses. We were slow out of the gate on some spend. So
I do think where we ended the second quarter was in line with what we expected. I do expect a modest
tick-up here in the balance of the year for Q3, Q4. We're containing it. It will be less than revenue growth,
but probably a little bit of a modest tick up in the back half as some of the engineering expenses step up
here during the summer months and into the fall and also some of the IT spend will be coming through in
the back half.

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

The question, Scott, was on RPU. We are exceeding our price plan that we had established at the end of
the year. And we delivered 7% RPU growth for the quarter despite negative mix in each of our 3 business
units. Within Merchandise, rock salt was up about 40%. We're happy to handle the business, but that's
generally lower-rated business. TIH, which is very high-rated business, was down in the quarter year-
over-year. And also within the auto industry, you know how disrupted individual plants have been because
of these production issues or supplier issues, I should say. And just as a result of plants that took some
downtime, our auto length of haul was down significantly in the second quarter, which impacted overall
RPU.

I'll pivot over to coal, you referenced that. And that really is -- continues to be a function of mix. And I
guided to that, that, that would be pressure going forward within our export thermal market. Volume was
up 250% year-over-year. We've got a really good service product in that lane, and we're leveraging that
to the benefit of our customers and to our shareholders. At the same time, export thermal was up 250,
which, as you know, was lower-rated, export met was up 20%. So we handled growth there. And in any
given year, we'd be very happy with 20% growth, but that just creates severe negative mix, frankly, within
export. Last year, 3/4 of our business was met. This year, it was 50-50. So there, you can see the impact
on RPU.

Operator

Our next question is coming from the line of Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.

Brandon Robert Oglenski
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Cindy, I guess I was -- I wanted to talk about network velocity because it does look like you're running
pretty well below where you've gotten in 2019 and even early 2020, obviously with less volumes. But
can you talk about your road service redesign and how that could be improving things, but is there a mix
impacting that aggregated number as well?

Cynthia M. Sanborn
Executive VP & COO

Yes, Brandon, so let me start kind of at a high level. I really see we've got some very strong building
blocks in place. We've continued to bring on some talent with PSR experience. And Hunt Cary, who was
running our operations efficiency team, has now added to his portfolio of responsibility to include our
network operations center. So we have that going for us. We have longer-term siding extensions that are
going to allow us to continue to grow trains. We are still growing train length as you heard in my prepared
remarks. But there's still some work to do from a consolidation perspective on our line of road.

I do think that, that should be a benefit to us because it unlocks capacity, the fewer trains that we have
out there. And we're working every day to be better. So when I think about it in a more short-term view,
we're working every day to be better. Our recrews have come down substantially in July. And as I think
about even from a capacity perspective, I'll give you this kind of data point. Last quarter, I talked about
the fact that on our intermodal trains that about 10% were running above 10,000 feet. That's actually the
same number this quarter, even with the train size increases that we've seen.

So we're actually starting with the smaller stuff and being able to put that together. And then as we grow
the sidings, we'll be able to even do more. And again, that just unlocks capacity on line of road. So I see
a bright future here longer term. And then medium term, again, it's just basic blocking and tackling. And I
think Hunt being in the NOC has brought some different thoughts into that work group. And I think we're
seeing those benefits already in July.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Bascome Majors with Susquehanna.

Bascome Majors
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

I wanted to talk a little bit about intermodal pricing. I know much of that is on long-term contracts and
there are some standard escalators in there. But can you talk a little bit -- is there a lag benefit where you
really do see a lot of what's happening in the truckload market and your pricing in 2022? Or will that be
similar year-over-year? Just any thoughts on how you get paid for how the truckers are getting paid today
would be helpful.

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Bascome, there is a lag in our long-term contracts on intermodal price. And so we would expect next year
to see more improvement in year-over-year price than where we see this year on some of those deals.

And I'll just reiterate, it's -- we're not going to see a huge uptick like you see in the spot market. We just
are not structured to chase the spot market, either up or down. We take a much more measured approach
with our customers. They're looking for rate surety as they go out into bid season. We want them to be
successful. We're aligned with the best channel partners in the business. They're focused on growth, and
we're here to support that growth over time, that has generated rate increases in intermodal, that exceed
both the contract market and the spot market within truck.

And as I talked about, we've got 18 straight quarters of year-over-year growth in RPU ex fuel and
intermodal, both in up markets and down. So expect continued improvement as we move through next
year. We don't expect the kind of volatility that you're seeing in the spot market.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Bascome Majors
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

And I appreciate it. And I'm actually curious to your point about the long-term bias with these
partnerships. Has this environment changed the conversation about how you want to convert traffic long
term and work with your partners to do that? I'm just curious what might be different 2 to 3 years down
the road than last 2 to 3 years.

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

There are a number of trends that were in place that we believe were accelerated by the pandemic.
That includes more interest in rail, forward positioning of inventory, shifts from highway to rail. There's a
number of reasons sustainability. Jim talked about that. That is definitely entering into the conversations
with our customers.

And in the intermodal space with our channel partners, that's helping them win business as well. I look
at our industrial development activities and compare it to just 2 or 3 years ago, and there is a lot more
interest in economic development in rail serve sites. So yes, there is more and more activity, more and
more discussion in both the merchandise and in the intermodal sphere for highway to rail conversions. And
that's frankly the way that we've positioned our franchise. That's why we're so confident about the future.

Operator

The next question is coming from the line of Amit Mehrotra with Deutsche Bank.

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Alan, just following up on the chassis discussion. I understand, I guess, the cost to fix the problem is not
very material, but I think it's 15% of the owned fleet for the company. So just for my own curiosity, is
there any recourse or claim the customer has, if they're not able to move the boxes out of the terminals
due to chassis availability? Or is this maybe an issue for that impacts really your channel partners? If you
can just give us some color on that?

And then just as a follow-up, Mark, you've been super helpful in the past on OpEx cadence. You're kind
of highlighting some step-up in OpEx ex fuel. Wondering if you could just help us put a finer point on that
in the back half relative to the first half or the second quarter. Revenue looks like it's going to be maybe
sequentially down a little bit in the back half or flattish at best. So just wondering what the corresponding
increase in OpEx ex fuel, we should expect on the back of that?

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Amit, our primary focus is on safety and our primary focus is on injecting capacity to help our customers
grow. The downstream impact associated with this supplier issue is fluid, and it's -- I'm not going to
comment on that right now.

Mark R. George
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Yes. Amit, just the 12% revenue guidance kind of implies you're going to see flattish to maybe modestly
down a little in the back half. And in terms of OpEx, I think fuel is one of the variables where that
continues to creep up here in the back half. And then as I mentioned, I think the comp and ben for
employees kind of just -- that will stabilize and be at that 33,000 per level.

Other than that, we do see a little bit of a step-up, like I said to Scott, on purchased services, modest
step-up there. I don't think we'll see continued diminishing material spend. I think we're kind of hitting
a bottom there. That will probably be more flattish. And rents, I think there will be some pressure. As
volumes are coming back, there's a little bit of a lag usually with equipment rents. And I think especially if

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

autos -- when auto starts to come back, we'll see a little bit of pressure on rents from where we are right
now.

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And Alan, just maybe if I can approach -- I respect you don't want to comment on it,
but maybe I can approach the question in a different way. Do you think the impact of this chassis shortage
is primarily a volume and service impact that rebounds when you finish -- when the company finishes
addressing these issues? Or is there some idiosyncratic cost issue as well that maybe is meeting some of
the results that can unwind over the course of the next couple of quarters?

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Yes. We've been -- we stated that the revenue and the cost impact is not material for us to call out. We
are intently focused on standing up a new program, preparing these chassis, serving our customers,
injecting more assets into the network, so that we can help them grow. And we got a great plan to do
that. We've responded very quickly to this issue.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your next question will be coming from the line of Jordan Alliger with Goldman
Sachs.

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Just longer term, thinking about intermodal, can you maybe talk to or give an update on your thoughts
about East Coast versus West Coast ports? And some of the issues around the West Coast, maybe even
stimulated further conversations, people making more of a shift, retailers, et cetera, to the East side?

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Jordan, we saw or we've continued to see a kind of a measured shift in market share from West Coast to
East Coast, and that's due to -- over the last 10, 15 years. That's due to a number of issues. Widening of
the Suez Canal, labor strike on the West Coast in 2014, widening of the Panama canal. Just basically the
East Coast is where you're seeing a lot of growth in population and consumption.

We're very fortunate that our franchise serves a majority of the consumption and the manufacture in the
United States. And so yes, we fully expect that our ports, which are very active in attracting new business,
will continue to do so, and that's going to continue to be a strength for our unique intermodal franchise.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Ken Hoexter with Bank of America.

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jim and Mark, maybe just a little clarification, a great outlook on the 400 to 440 basis points of margin
improvement. Can you clarify, did you say before, Jim, that you were going to stay at the 58% through
the rest of the year? I thought you mentioned something about holding these levels.

And then just kind of wrapping up with what you've just talked about in the last couple of answers, you're
kind of fighting the tide with higher fuel surcharge, which is 100% OR. You've got the bump now from the
real estate gains, incentive comp challenges. So are you looking for a step-up in any of the segments in
order to get further gains from -- through these levels? Or I'm just trying to understand if we're looking
for any additional gains or if there are real estate gains that are coming or any -- or is it just the benefits
may be from the higher revenues?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

James A. Squires
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Ken. I'll take the first part of that. The guidance was that we would maintain the 60% run rate
in the second half, which puts us for the full year where we had expected to be, but ahead of schedule,
having gone to that mark in the second quarter. Mark?

Mark R. George
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Yes. So Ken, just putting a finer point on things, I mean, we don't expect gains like this to happen again in
the back half. So it's really maintaining the levels ex gains is basically implicitly what we're trying to guide
to here.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan.

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

One for Cindy. Can you just give us a little more context on the yard and local productivity? It seems like
it's a recent effort for both service and on the cost side. How far along are you into this process? Is there
any way you can kind of size that up for us? You mentioned you're getting some headcount reduction
benefits from that. But what else do you mostly see potentially coming from this effort? And maybe you
can help with how long -- how far along you are with executing this initiative?

Cynthia M. Sanborn
Executive VP & COO

Yes. So thanks for the question. Yes. So the team has done a really great job with our operations
efficiency team out here, really fine-tuning our processes and our operating practices, if you will, within
our terminal footprint. And so you've seen, again, broadly the transition from humping to flat switching,
which has been -- which has occurred in 2019 and into 2020. And now we're fine-tuning processes in
other terminals as well as our big 4 humps that are left. So it's essentially a very, very detailed process
around matching big blocks of cars to outbound trains with the shortest amount of time between those big
blocks being processed to departure. It's small things like that.

But then it's other things that we've been working on as well that with the ability to generating the
capacity that we have in our terminals, particularly, let's talk about Elkhart, we've actually been able
to take in volume, that traditionally we had bypassed intermediate switching carriers in Chicago for
forwarding to Western destinations. We've been able to take those cars into our terminal and make direct
connections to our Western carriers, our Western partners with traffic.

So it's really twofold. It is a matter of fine-tuning processes and generating more productivity because we
need less crews against the work in the terminal as well as freeing up capacity in the terminal to bring
more work into our higher-powered humps that save us, in this case, intermediate switching charges with
the Western folks. So it's pretty broad-based as to what we're working on. And we will find opportunities
as we look to reduce footprint at some of our smaller terminals. So it's also -- and also thinking about it
driving service reliability for our customers because we're much more consistent as we work on this effort.
So it's fairly broad-based.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley.

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I just wanted to follow up on the intermodal side in the near term. I mean some of your peers on
conference calls this season have said that the current service issues makes it hard to drive incremental

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

truck to rail conversion at this point. Kind of do you see things the same way? And if you don't, kind of do
you see incremental share opportunities to take intermodal share from your rail peers?

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Ravi, as I talk to our intermodal channel partners, one of their primary concerns is overall capacity. They
absolutely want to shift business from highway to rail. They are concerned about the overall throughput
throughout the supply chain. And frankly, we're a big part of that, right? And I am confident that as our
network fluidity improves, as we resolve these chassis issues, as the drayage community productivity
improves, as warehousing productivity improves, then we're going to be able to grow more because there
is a phenomenal opportunity out there. And our channel partners are starting to talk a lot more confidently
about next year as well. So there's a lot of runway to the macro environment for us, and we're intent on
addressing the issues that are within our control and working with our channel partners on things that we
can do to help them grow.

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Very quick follow-up. Did you quantify the accessorials in the quarter at all relative to a normal run
rate and kind of how do we think about that going forward?

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Well, we said that is about half of the improvement in RPU within intermodal is associated with the
activity-based service that we provide, which is accrued under the accessorial program.

James A. Squires
Chairman, President & CEO

Incremental accessorials versus last year.

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Yes.

Operator

Next question is from the line of Fadi Chamoun with BMO Capital Markets.

Fadi Chamoun
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Maybe a question for Jim. I mean, if I look across the industry, there's at least 2 franchises in rail with
strong indexation to intermodal. And these franchises have had a really tough time over the years to
achieve and sustain below 60% operating ratio. And I think they attribute that to the intermodal business
overall being a little bit more margin dilutive compared to others. So my question is, as you kind of now
hit that 60% mark and you start to kind of look beyond that, what is unique about NSE's intermodal
franchise that would allow it to achieve and sustain lower than 60% OR?

And secondly, has this pandemic kind of changed maybe the competitive positioning of intermodal versus
the other modes and maybe helping make a better line of sight to under 60% OR on a sustained basis?

James A. Squires
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Fadi. Let me first start by saying that we're not done. We are -- we have more upside, more
room to run when it comes to productivity and growth. So we hit the 60% run rat mark in the second
quarter, we're proud of that. And we got there ahead of schedule. And that's due to the hard work of all of
our employees. But we're not resting on our laurels. We'll continue to push.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Now one of the clear growth engines for our company and for the industry generally is intermodal. And I
will say this, the economics of the intermodal business are vastly improved from what they were, say, 10
years ago. There's been a lot of work done -- hard work done, inside our company and in partnership with
our companies to really drive the value proposition in intermodal.

So there's lots of opportunity there for incremental margin and improvement in the operating ratio from
growth in intermodal volumes going forward. And of course, the same goes for other parts of our business
as well where the incrementals are also excellent. So I think we have a winning formula all in all. Growth
opportunities certainly in intermodal in certain parts of Merchandise as well, coupled with a continued
focus on productivity throughout the company.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Walter Spracklin with RBC Capital Markets.

Walter Noel Spracklin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Just keeping on the intermodal capacity question. Looking back pre-pandemic, you guys were hitting
about an $85,000 per month carload basis on intermodal and obviously dipping down during the
pandemic. But coming right back up in the fourth quarter, again, hitting that $85,000 and then coming
back down from that again.

So my question here is, I understand the chassis issue and the efforts there. But given what appeared at
least to be given those data, is there anything longer or more fundamental from a structural standpoint
that you're looking at outside of chassis that will open up your intermodal capacity after this chassis issue
is completed? What would be your growth potential in intermodal after that issue is resolved by your best
estimate over the next year or 2?

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

So Walter, you've got the chassis safety recall issue that I've highlighted. You also have the overall
chassis, whether it's our chassis, our customers' chassis, the international gray pool chassis and box issue.
That's associated with stress on the drayage community and warehousing. When that gets resolved, when
that starts to improve, and street times decrease by 20%, which is what they've been elevated by. Then
you're going to see more throughput through the old -- the entire intermodal supply chain ecosystem.

With respect to our overall capacity, what we're doing about it, as we improve our on-time performance
in our train network, it allows our customers to schedule their appointments with more specificity, which
will help them improve their overall equipment utilization. We're continuing to invest in our terminals, both
physically and with technology to make our terminals more efficient, both for us and for our customers.
We're rolling out a terminal-based operating system for intermodal this year, which will help us improve.
And we're working with our lift contractors on how we can help each other improve and make sure we're
all looking at the same sort of service metrics. So there's a number of ways in which we can all drive
improvements and gains in the intermodal volumes.

I'll tell you that based on our conversations with our customers, we're looking at multiples of GDP growth
over the long term, and that's effectively what we've been delivering over the last 10 or 15 years as well.

Cynthia M. Sanborn
Executive VP & COO

And I also think steel wheel interchange has been a benefit to us here as we work with our Western
partners to take pressure off the terminals in Chicago and having to drop boxes and drain across town.
So that's another area that we'd love to see continue into growth, and it helps both parties to be more
efficient.

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Yes. So Cindy is highlighting another area in which we're operating within the entire supply chain
ecosystem in order to improve efficiency and fluidity.

Walter Noel Spracklin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So when this bottleneck of the chassis comes off, you see a clear path of getting -- I think, I said monthly,
I meant weekly volumes of north of 85,000 on the intermodal side? And time frame for the chassis issue
overall, is that a 1Q -- 2 quarters, 3 quarters?

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Walter, I think you're talking about the street dwell from the chassis. Is that right?

Walter Noel Spracklin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Yes, yes.

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

I don't know. I don't know when that gets resolved. I mean that is a labor issue and that's a pandemic
protocol issue.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Allison Landry with Crédit Suisse.

Allison M. Landry
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Jim, I wanted to ask about the regulatory environment. Obviously, we had the executive order, the push
for reciprocal switching, but also Chairman, Oberman has recently expressed concerns about intermodal
terminal congestion, demurrage as well as whether the rails have sufficient resources and labor in order to
meet demand.

So could you comment on this and whether you're concerned about the risk that the broader regulatory
backdrop becomes more onerous or challenging? And to the extent that you do have concerns, how might
you plan to address these to the STB?

James A. Squires
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. Sure. Thank you, Allison. I'll get to your question about competition policy in our industry in
just a minute. But I think it's worth pointing out to start with that our operations, our business model
overlaps nicely with many of the administration's priorities, and we are very much in sync with what the
administration is trying to achieve more broadly.

So for example, sustainability, as we've talked about for a long time, and we talked about today, we are
the green form of ground transportation, pound for pound, mile for mile. We can handle freight more
efficiently using less fuel and emitting less carbon than any other form of transportation. So there's that.
And we're building on it.

I hope you noted the publication of our science based -- our approved science-based target, the green
bond that we issued and many other measures that will be detailed in our ESG report that should come
out shortly.

Secondly, the administration and Congress are both very interested in infrastructure. Look no further than
the rail industry for infrastructure that is in top shape. That's thanks to the private investment that's been

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

made over many years in infrastructure. So we excel there and what we're doing is very much in line with
what the administration and Congress want to achieve.

And third, the majority -- the great majority of our jobs are good paying union jobs to quote the
President. So there, too, we are a heavily unionized industry. The jobs pay well. They're good jobs, and
we're hiring. So that too lines up nicely with the administration's priorities.

In terms of the STB, first, look, most of what we handle is truck competitive. And most of the freight
that's on our railroad will move by truck if we move rates above the truck competitive level. For freight
we handle, that is less truck competitive. There exists many mechanisms before the STB to challenge
the rates and to adjudicate their fairness. And the customers utilize those mechanisms all the time. So
there's a way to challenge what we're doing before the STB, it works. The customers are familiar with it.
The STB is familiar with it. It rests on a very sound policy framework. There's a lot of precedent. And so
it's working.

And we don't believe the STB will take measures to change all of that. In the end, the STB has looked at
reciprocal switching in the past and has concluded a number of times that it's not the right solution for
the industry, would create severe operational disruption. And that's not good for customers. That's not
good for the railroads. That's not good for passenger trains either. So in the end, I think they -- they may
invite evidence on that once again, as they have several times in the past, but I think they'll conclude that
that's not the right measure. The mechanisms that are already in place to determine whether rates are
competitive are the best that we have. So thank you.

Operator

Final question for today is from the line of David Vernon with Bernstein.

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Alan, 2 quick ones for you. Can you comment on the trend in the intermodal RPU sort of ex fuel and the
fee increase? And what some of the drivers might have been there?

And then the second question is really around sort of utility coal. You mentioned it's going to be down for
the back half of the year. Are we kind of hitting a bottom in as you think about it on a 3-year view? Or do
we see -- as you think about the retirement pipeline that's ahead of you, is there still further kind of room
for that to bleed out into '22, '23?

Alan H. Shaw
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

So David, the trend on intermodal RPU ex fuels, as I noted, we've got, what, 4.5 years of quarterly growth
year-over-year in that. So I expect that to continue. We -- as I noted before, based on our contract
structure, we're going to have a lot of support for pricing into a market next year, not only because the
market is strong next year, but right now, intermodal rates lagged truck pretty significantly. So there's a
lot of headroom for us. And as our service product improves, there's going to be even more demand for
what we're putting out there.

With respect to utility coal, we've got some specific unit outages or retirements on our system that's going
to impact year-over-year comps. We've got some planned maintenance. And then frankly, it's an issue of
overall coal supply. Coal production in the United States this year is projected to be down 18% compared
to just 2018. There are some unsold tons out there from the producers, but we're not sure if those are
going to go export or domestic. With the export thermal market so hot with API to well above $100,
then there's a lot of pull for that product overseas. If that happens, we'll continue to handle it, and that
was one of -- certainly one of the drivers of our significant growth in our export franchise in the second
quarter.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

This concludes our question-and-answer session, and I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Jim Squires for
closing comments.

James A. Squires
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, everyone, for your questions today, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
Have a good day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's teleconference. You may
now disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

