Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. 

NYSE:NCLH
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 06, 2021 2:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(2.07)

Revenue  (mm)

9.15

(2.03)

3.10

NM

(66.12 %)

(1.87)

46.12

(5.98)

0.48

1245.05

5991.88

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-06-2021 2:04 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

(2.28)

(2.22)

(2.16)

(2.07)

(2.78)

(2.35)

(2.33)

(2.03)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

NM

NM

NM

NM

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrea DeMarco
Vice President of Investor
Relations & Corporate
Communications

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Brandt Antoine Montour
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Charles Patrick Scholes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Ivan Philip Feinseth
Tigress Financial Partners LLC,
Research Division

Jaime M. Katz
Morningstar Inc., Research
Division

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Steven Moyer Wieczynski
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Vince Charles Ciepiel
Cleveland Research Company

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings First Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. My name is Josh, and I will be your operator. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder to all
participants, this conference call is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Andrea DeMarco, Senior Vice President from
Investor Relations, Corporate Communications and ESG. Ms. DeMarco, please proceed.

Andrea DeMarco
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Thank you, Josh, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2021 earnings
call. I'm joined today by Frank Del Rio, President and Chief Executive Officer of Norwegian Cruise Line
Holdings; and Mark Kempa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Frank will begin the call
with opening commentary, after which Mark will follow to discuss our financials before handing the call
back to Frank for closing remarks. We will then open the call for your questions.

As a reminder, this conference call is being simultaneously webcast on the company's Investor Relations
website at www.nclhltdinvestor.com. We will also make reference to a slide presentation during this call,
which may also be found on our Investor Relations website. Both the conference call and the presentation
will be available for replay for 30 days following today's call.

Before we discuss our results, I would like to cover a few items. Our press release with first quarter 2021
results was issued this morning and is available on our Investor Relations website. This call includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ
materially from such statements. These statements should be considered in conjunction with cautionary
statements contained in our earnings release.

Our comments may also reference non-GAAP financial measures, a reconciliation to the most directly
comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures contained in our earnings release
and presentation.

And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Frank Del Rio. Frank?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Andrea, and good morning, everyone. As always, I hope that all of you joining us today, as
well as your loved ones, remain healthy and safe.

Today, we will focus our commentary on the progress we have made thus far towards the resumption of
cruising, the overall strength of the booking and pricing environment and our efforts to bolster our liquidity
and maximize financial flexibility as we methodically return our fleet to operations.

Over a year since the suspension of voyages worldwide, our team at Norwegian has accelerated, yet the
time has finally come to where we shift our focus to what I like to call our Great Cruise Comeback, even if
the comeback starts from international ports.

As you can see on Slide 4, our return to service plan is centered around 3 key phases. First, we developed
our multilayered SailSAFE health and safety strategy, including mandatory vaccinations for all guests and
crew at its cornerstone, which I will touch on in more detail later in the call.

Second, last month, we announced our initial voyage resumption plan with a two-pronged approach to
restarting cruises from both within and outside of U.S. waters starting this summer. All 3 of our brands
have now announced initial voyages embarking from both new and normally scheduled international ports,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

and we are -- and we remain engaged in active dialogue with the CDC regarding a potential resumption of
cruising from U.S. ports.

Lastly is the phased relaunch of the remainder of our fleet, the timing of which will depend on several
factors such as the global public health environment, port openings, travel restrictions and the all-
important CDC.

Slide 5 further details our 2-pronged voyage resumption plan. Outside of the U.S., our long-awaited return
to cruising will begin in July, first with 3 Norwegian Cruise Line vessels sailing from Athens and throughout
the Greek Isles and new Caribbean home ports in Jamaica and the Dominican Republic. Oceania Cruises
will start in late August with voyages from Copenhagen, and Regent Seven Seas Cruises will resume
from South Hampton England beginning in September, with Seven Seas Splendor, our newest and most
luxurious vessel, resuming her inaugural season.

The response to our international voyage resumption has been overwhelming, and even sailings from our
new Caribbean home ports are performing better than expected, despite the extremely condensed booking
window. I can't thank our loyal guests, value travel partners and all of our stakeholders enough for their
patience and support over the past year as we prepare for our return to cruising.

As for our work to restart voyages in the U.S., on April 5, we submitted a comprehensive ironclad proposal
to the CDC requesting authorization to resume cruising this summer with the robust and healthy safety
strategy I just described, which includes 100% vaccination of all guests and crew. We and the rest of the
cruise industry have since continued dialogue with the CDC. And just last week, the CDC issued additional
clarification for its previously outlined technical guidance, which alleviated some of the pain points in the
original Phase IIa guidance.

Even more importantly, we were pleased to see the CDC incorporate vaccines, our most powerful tool
against COVID-19, into its guidance, creating 2 different pathways for the resumption of cruising from
U.S. ports: one for vaccinated voyages with a vaccination threshold of 95% for guests and 98% for crew;
and one for nonvaccinated voyages that fall below this threshold.

The vaccinated path, which is consistent with, but falls short of, our plan for 100% vaccination of guests
and crew has fewer hurdles to clear before we turn to cruising, including the removal of the requirement
for simulated voyages prior to revenue sailings and the relaxing of certain burdensome and costly testing
requirements.

In addition, yesterday, the CDC issued technical guidance for Phase IIb and III, which covers simulated
voyages and restricted voyages and the application process for a conditional sailing certificate. The
guidance includes an operations manual for simulated and restricted voyages for which we need more
clarity on whether the numerous and onerous requirements would apply to vaccinated voyages as well or
only to those that are not.

Our team is working through the new guidance. But at first glance, however, it appears the path forward is
a bit rockier and a bit steeper than originally expected.

As time goes by, and given how long it takes to stand up a shift from cold layup, the urgent need for an
acceptable and definitive agreement with the CDC is imperative as a potential mid-summer restart from
U.S. ports could be in jeopardy. However, the CDC's recent willingness to engage with the industry in
constructive dialogue has shown that they are committed to working with us to find an acceptable path
forward, and we are certainly in a better place today than we were just 30 days ago.

The progress we have made so far has been possible in part due to the incredible grassroot efforts
undertaken across the cruise ecosystem to encourage elected officials to help resume cruising in the
U.S., which supports thousands of jobs, families and small businesses throughout the country. Through
CLIA's Ready, Set, Sail platform, and our own Safe to Sail advocacy campaign, we were able to send over
150,000 messages to elected officials throughout the United States. Thank you to all of you who have
called, e-mailed or tweeted your officials in support of the cruise industry.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

The wind is at our back, and now is the time to keep the positive momentum going with our advocacy
efforts, so I encourage you to continue reaching out to your elected officials by cruising -- or excuse me,
by texting Cruise to 52886 and have your voices heard.

Turning to Slide 6. We unveiled our robust and multilayered SailSAFE health and safety program, which
includes mandatory vaccinations for all guests and crew as its cornerstone. We believe that vaccinations,
combined with a dozens of science-backed preventive protocols, including universal COVID-19 testing that
were developed by the Healthy Sail Panel, will provide one of, if not, the safest vacation option available
anywhere on land or at sea.

Our protocols extend well beyond those of the already successfully reopened travel and hospitality sectors,
including hotels, resorts, casinos, theme parks, restaurants, movie theaters, arenas and airlines. SailSAFE
was developed in conjunction with our expert advisers, including the Healthy Sail Panel and our newly
announced SailSAFE Global Health and Wellness Council chaired by former FDA Commissioner, Dr. Scott
Gottlieb. The Council, which is comprised of 6 public health and scientific experts featured on Slide 7, will
complement the work of the Healthy Sail Panel and provide Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings with specific
expert advice on the implementation and continuous improvement of our SailSAFE program.

Shifting to our booking trends, which you can see on Slide 8, we continue to see the strongest demand we
have ever experienced for future cruise vacations across all 3 of our brands, despite continued reductions
of demand-generating marketing investments, the absence of a full complement of our all-important
travel agent partners and a virtual lockdown for many of our international source markets. Perhaps
the best indicator of this pent-up demand is our booking volumes, which, during what is probably the
most unorthodox wait season in our industry's history, accelerated considerably with bookings net of
cancellations more than doubling versus the prior quarter.

As I touched on at our last call, this demand, coupled with the opening of voyages for sale further in
advance, continues to result in a significant expansion of the booking curve, with the first quarter's curve
nearly doubling versus the same time last year.

Pent-up demand is particularly evident for 2022 voyages. For the first half of 2022, our load factor is
meaningfully ahead of 2019, with pricing higher when excluding the dilutive impact of future cruise
credits. Keep in mind that 2019 was a record year, which makes the strong booking trends we are
experiencing even more impressive.

In addition, approximately 70% of our book position is comprised of new cash bookings, with the
remainders comprised of future cruise certificates. By the time summer 2021 comes around and the
industry begins to resume operations, more than 50 million would-be cruises will have been left ashore,
so the pent-up demand is real and it's deep, and you can see that in our growing advanced ticket sales,
which increased approximately $200 million on a gross basis in the quarter or up approximately 40%
versus the prior quarter's build.

We believe we have reached an inflection point, as this is the highest gross build since the beginning of
the pandemic. And as we get closer to our resumption of cruising and begin phasing in the rest of our
fleet, we expect this momentum to continue to accelerate sequentially.

Another exciting milestone reached in the quarter was the naming of Vista, the first of 2 new 1,200 guest
Allura Class ships for the Oceania Cruises brand and the first new build to the line in over a decade, which
you can see on Slide 9. The upscale vessel, the seventh for the line, will set sail in early 2023 followed by
a sister ship in 2025. Like her sister vessels, Vista will deliver the finest cuisine at sea and will introduce
several unique first for the brand in the realm of dining and guest experience.

More reveals of Vista's venues and experiences will begin later this month, and the lead-up to the launch
and sails for her inaugural voyages in September of 2021. I'll be back later to provide an update on our
ESG efforts as well as provide closing remarks.

But now I'd like to turn the call over to Mark for a financial update. Mark?

Mark A. Kempa

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Frank. My remarks today will focus on the continued execution of our COVID-19 financial
action plan and our planned return to cruising later this summer. I am pleased to say that we are
beginning to see light at the end of the tunnel, with the significant progress we have made in recent
months on our return to cruising. Despite this positive momentum, we have not lost sight that the
pandemic is not yet over, and we remain focused on maintaining our cost discipline and pulling all levers
available to conserve cash and maximize financial flexibility in what is an improving but still uncertain
environment.

As I have said before, our team is focused on what we can control, and we continue to adapt our strategy
as needed as the pandemic evolves. Slide 10 illustrates the 3 focus areas of our action plan and the
additional proactive measures taken since the beginning of the first quarter.

First, we continue to tightly control operating expenses and capital expenditures through a number
of initiatives, including the significant reduction or outright deferral of near-term demand-generating
marketing expenses and nonessential capital expenditures. As an example, our non-newbuild capital
expenditures continue to be less than half our pre-pandemic expectations for 2021. In addition, we
finalized EUR 50 million of incremental deferrals of newbuild-related shipyard payments since our last
earnings call, resulting in a total deferral of EUR 270 million through the end of the second quarter 2022.

Second, we have made significant progress on improving our debt maturity profile to provide additional
near-term financial flexibility. In March, we repaid the Pride of America and Norwegian Jewel facilities,
which were set to mature in 2022, leaving no significant debt maturities until 2024.

We also worked with our lenders to amend certain credit agreements to free up approximately $2 billion
of additional debt capacity, most of which is on an unsecured basis. While we believe our liquidity position
today is strong, this incremental debt capacity meaningfully improves our financial flexibility and gives us
additional optionality should the need arise.

And the final focus of -- area of our action plan is securing additional capital. We successfully tapped the
market, which resulted in an approximately $1 billion of incremental liquidity in the quarter.

Slide 11 illustrates the 2 highly successful capital market transactions executed in March. First, we issued
$1.1 billion of senior unsecured notes consisting of a $575 million tack-on to the December unsecured
notes offering and $525 million of new unsecured notes due 2028. These transactions generated
approximately $650 million of incremental liquidity after repaying the Norwegian Jewel and Pride of
America facilities, both of which were to mature in 2022.

Second, we went to the market with a strategic multifaceted offering to proactively manage our balance
sheet. We raised approximately $1.6 billion of proceeds net of underwriting fees through a public common
equity offering of approximately 53 million shares at $30 per share. We then used approximately $1 billion
of the net proceeds to fully repay the L Catterton exchangeable notes due 2026.

This opportunistic transaction had several strategic benefits. First, it enhanced our balance sheet by
effectively converting debt to equity with the prepayment of debt at par. Second, the early redemption of
the L Catterton notes enabled us to repurchase a significantly lower number of shares than what would
have been required if the notes were held to maturity. Third, we unlocked value and added approximately
$530 million of incremental liquidity, with limited additional dilution to shareholders, as the vast majority
of the shares were already reserved for the L Catterton notes. And lastly, we reduced our future interest
expense burden.

To date, we've accessed the capital market 7x over a 12-month period with several multi-instrument
transactions. As a result, since the onset of the pandemic, we've raised more than $7.5 billion, including
the drawdown of the $875 million revolver early last year. This incredible feat would not have been
possible without the hard work, support and partnership of countless individuals, including our team at
Norwegian, our lenders, the shipyards, investors, bankers and many, many more.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Turning to our illustrative liquidity profile on Slide 12. Total liquidity as of March 31 was approximately
$3.4 billion, which is net of the portion of customer deposit refunds that are included in accounts payable
as of quarter end. We have also estimated approximately $100 million for anticipated health and safety
investments. These factors combined result in a net liquidity on a pro forma basis of approximately $3.3
billion, enabling us to continue to navigate through this fluid environment and execute on our return to
service plan.

As for cash burn, our team continues to be laser-focused on cost containment and cash conservation. For
the first quarter, our average monthly cash burn was in line with prior guidance at approximately $190
million or approximately $170 million per month, excluding nonrecurring debt modification costs. We
paid approximately $50 million of onetime costs in the quarter as a result of debt deferrals and covenant
waivers and suspensions, which, when combined with the newbuild payment extensions, have resulted in
approximately $1 billion of additional liquidity through first quarter of 2022.

As for the second quarter, we expect the average cash burn to be approximately $190 million per month
as we prepare for a resumption of cruising beginning in July. Restart expenses are primarily related to
repositioning, provisioning and staffing of vessels, implementing new health and safety protocols and a
measured ramp-up of demand-generating marketing investments. We will continue to be disciplined and
take a thoughtful approach to reintroducing costs with our voyage resumptions in order to conserve cash
while, at the same time, balancing the need to drive new cash bookings.

Slide 21 details additional guidance we have provided for certain metrics, including depreciation and
amortization, interest expense and newbuild-related capital expenditures.

Turning to Slide 13. We ended the first quarter with approximately $3.5 billion of cash and cash
equivalents. Our balance -- our cash balance in the first quarter increased driven by approximately $1.2
billion of net proceeds from capital raises. This was partially offset by approximately $570 million of
operating cash burn, including operating expenses, SG&A, interest and CapEx; customer cash refunds for
canceled voyages of approximately $100 million; collateral obligations of approximately $250 million; and
a net working capital and other outflow of approximately $50 million, which includes health and safety
investments.

Before handing the call back to Frank, I want to reiterate that, as we continue to navigate through this
crisis and prepare to execute on our voyage resumption plans, we have not taken our focus off the future.
Our medium- and long-term financial recovery plan, which is provided on Slide 14, is focused on 3 critical
components: first, rebuilding and gradually returning to pre-COVID margin levels, while continuing to
identify opportunities to further drive margin expansion; second, maximize our cash generation; and third,
focus on optimizing our balance sheet and charting a path to delever.

With that, I'll hand the call back over to Frank for closing commentary.

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Mark. And before we wrap up our prepared remarks, I'd like to provide an update on our
global sustainability program, Sail & Sustain, which is reflected on Slide 15.

Despite the current public health challenges we face, our commitment to drive a positive impact on society
and the environment through the advancement of our ESG strategy remains at the core of our everyday
operations. Throughout the crisis, we have remained committed to supporting our local communities and
the destinations we visit.

Earlier this week, we announced that we are providing a $10 million cash support to 6 Alaskan port
communities to help families and small businesses with basic relief programs in the localities that are
really impacted by the ongoing cruise suspensions. My heart breaks for Alaska and its wonderful people as
we face a potential second year of 0 or, at best, limited cruise operations during the all-important summer
tourism season, which would bring in another blow to Alaska's hard-hit tourism economy. We are doing
everything in our power to resume cruising in the U.S. as soon as possible, so we can provide additional
much-needed relief to this important region.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

In addition, we also joined the Shop Local Alaska program, which is a joint initiative between BuyAlaska
and Voyij.com to encourage and support the severely impacted small businesses in Alaska. This virtual
platform allows consumers who live around the globe to browse and purchase a wide range of items from
virtual Alaska shops.

In our local Miami community, we provided $100,000 worth of Visa gift cards to the cruise members of
the International Longshoremen's Association Local 1416, who saw over 60% of their business wiped
out nearly overnight with the suspension of cruise voyages. We were proud to support this pillar of the
local community, which has been providing longshore labor to Port Miami for over 85 years and holds the
historic position as the oldest Black union in Florida.

As part of our ongoing humanitarian efforts and in the spirit of giving back, we also provided more than
$2 million of in-kind humanitarian relief to support various community organizations worldwide throughout
2020 and 2021. This support was directed to a variety of efforts, including local food banks, disaster relief
and COVID-19 recovery efforts.

In addition, and in celebration of Teacher Appreciation Week on Monday, we relaunched our Giving Joy
contest, which provides educators with 100 free cruises and a chance to win up to $25,000 cash awards
for their schools. Throughout this unprecedented period, countless teachers have worked tirelessly to
give their all to their students. And we believe now, more than ever, they deserve our recognition and
gratitude.

On the environmental front, we are honored to receive the prestigious 2021 ACG Build America Merit
Award for environmental enhancement for our newly constructed double ship pier at Ward Cove in
Ketchikan, Alaska. Through this project, we were able to transform Ward Cove, a superfund site, into a
sustainable, environmentally friendly and entertaining sites for the local community and cruise visitors
alike.

Going forward, we continue to be focused on enhancing our ESG disclosures to provide additional
transparency, and I look forward to sharing additional details with you as we continue on our ESG journey.

Turning to Slide 16. I'd like to leave you with a few final key takeaways. First, we are putting health and
safety at the forefront of our return to service plan as demonstrated by our science-backed SailSAFE
health and safety program, which includes 100% vaccination of all guests and crew, in addition to
comprehensive protocols. We will continue to work with our expert advisers to evolve these protocols over
time with the latest science and technology developments.

We are focused on our Great Cruise Comeback with our phased voyage resumption plans, both within and
outside of U.S. ports. At the same time, we are keeping our longer-term strategic and financial priorities in
focus, as we execute on our recovery plans.

And lastly, we continue to experience strong future demand for cruising across all 3 of our award-winning
brands with very positive booking and pricing trends for 2022 and beyond.

Overall, I am more hopeful today than when I spoke with you last. I can't thank enough our dedicated and
passionate team members around the globe for all their hard work and perseverance, which has brought
us to this critical point and which will propel us forward. We still have a long road to full recovery ahead
of us, but we are optimistic and encouraged by the progress we have recently made to a resumption of
cruising as well as the continued robust demand we are seeing from our loyal guests.

We can't wait to get back to what we do best, providing guests with incredible experiences and lifetime
memories, and our shareholders with industry-leading financial metrics and year-over-year improved
financial results.
And with that, Josh, please let's open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs.

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I guess, a quick clarification on pricing. If we look at the individual ship brands, what are you seeing in
pricing, both including and excluding FCCs?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Steve, they're up, and they're up sequentially. We've raised prices beginning -- at the beginning of the
second quarter. And I'm just amazed at the much -- how much pricing power we actually have given the
difficulties that we all know about and the relatively low marketing spend that we've put out in the last 1.5
quarters or so.

And so it's -- when you hear about inflation, inflation means prices go up, and it's good to see that we too
are seeing the positive side of inflation, which is pricing power. So we're very pleased with that.

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And I guess, as a follow-up since you mentioned the inflation. There's obviously been a lot of talk of labor
shortages in the hospitality industry. But of course, you have a bit of a different labor model.

So I'm curious, as you start prepping for resuming sailing, what are you seeing on the labor front? And
how should you -- or how should investors generally be thinking through the puts and takes between
inflation versus the efficiency actions on your overall cost structure?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We're just talking about it before the call. Over 95% of our crew are non-American nationals, so we're
not seeing any kind of pressure on the labor side. The biggest issue on labor for us getting the crew back
on the ships is the various travel restrictions that still exist around the world.

Visas -- consulates and embassies are slow in issuing visas. The situation in India, now we all know about.
And then, of course, we have committed to 100% vaccination of crew.

So putting the crew together with the vaccine, these are all challenges that may impact our ability to
stand up ships in the future, but we don't really believe that it will. With vaccines coming on -- the surplus
of vaccines now coming on pretty strong around -- at least around the U.S., we feel that we'll be able to
stand up the vessels on a pretty good clip.

Operator

Your next question comes from Brandt Montour with JPMorgan.

Brandt Antoine Montour
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Frank, I was hoping you could opine a little further on the CDC's announcement yesterday and wondering
if you thought that the spirit of the update from them was aligned with the CDC's own goal of getting you
guys sailing back in July. And then specific to your comment, which parts of the CSO, which I know may
not apply to you in the end, did you think were more rocky or steeper than expected?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Look, I think everybody has the same goal of getting the industry back in operation. CDC, themselves,
have stated that cruising or any activity cannot be zero risk. They've acknowledged that vaccines is the
game changer, that's why society is racing towards vaccinations as fast as possible. which is why we
proposed to the CDC back on April 5 an ironclad multipronged approach to the situation, which is everyone
on board has to be vaccinated.

So I have to tell you that I am disappointed at first read. I'm going to give the CDC an opportunity to
expand and clarify. We have a call with them this afternoon on some of the requirements. For example, as
we read yesterday's pronouncements, even though everyone on board would be vaccinated, in between
bites of your meal and in between sips of your beverage, you have to put on your mask, take off your
mask. So nobody should order soup because your mask might get sloppy.

So that, to me, is just prosperous. It's not in the spirit of where the country is heading, where President
Biden wants to open the country. 70% of American adults will be vaccinated by the beginning of the third
quarter. So we hope that we're reading it wrong. We hope that there would be clarifications.

Quite frankly, we're hoping that these -- some of these more onerous requirements in the -- in Phase
IIb only apply to cruises or ships or brands or companies that are not going to vaccinate the 95% of
passengers and 98% of crew as mandated by the CDC. We hope that if you do get to 95%, 98% or even
better the 100% that Norwegian is proposing that there won't be a need for such impractical, onerous,
burdensome requirements.

So we'll see what happens over the next few days as we engage with them -- reengage with them on
these particular phases. But certainly, on first read, we were disappointed.

Brandt Antoine Montour
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That's really helpful. And then a follow-up, maybe an impossible hypothetical. But if everything went well
from here on out with the CDC in the very near term, when you get those positive revisions you're looking
for in the July, looks like July is going to happen, best-case scenario. And again, you'll find this out, let's
say, tomorrow, best case scenario, how many additional ships do you think you could launch for July in the
U.S.?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

None. The July U.S. launch, at least for our company, it's just not possible. It was possible back in early
April when we proposed to the CDC 100% vaccination. We've always said it takes about 90 days to stand
up a vessel. So from April 5, when we submitted our proposal, 90 days would have been early July, and
that was possible. But today, we're in early May. So now we're looking past that.

But look, there's more to it than just what the CDC says. There is only so much capacity to be able to
stand up vessels. We -- standing up a vessel after a 15-, 18-month cold layup is not an overnight exercise.
It takes a while, and making it more complicated is the travel restrictions for crew, the vaccination
mandates that we are imposing for crews.

So we are focused on standing up our first 5 vessels that we've announced -- first 6 vessels that we've
announced for Norwegian, Oceania and Regent outside the U.S. As you know, we, the industry, we -- our
company regularly operate vessels outside the U.S., especially in the summer season, where Europe is the
big draw.

And so July, August, September is summer, and the best and highest use for our vessels is to operate in
Europe, and that's what we're doing. In a couple of occasions, we are standing up vessels in the Caribbean
because the CDC up to now has not given us a pathway.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

We'll see how things progress over time. But remember, it is a seasonal industry. And outside of Alaska,
which is in doubt, not only because of the CDC, but because of the Canadian situation, outside of Alaska,
the world's cruise fleets are typically outside of the U.S. in the summertime, where we're cruising
elsewhere. We're cruising primarily in the Mediterranean and Northern Europe, et cetera. So seasonality
plays a big role. And as well, the final CDC regulations will play a big role.

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

And Brandt, as we've always said, we're not in a race. We want to do this properly. We want to instill
confidence in our passengers, our guests, all of our constituents. So we want to do it in a methodical
manner, and it's important that we just start the momentum going. That's the key.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel.

Steven Moyer Wieczynski
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

So Frank, I guess, I'm a little bit confused here. I mean, you guys have already indicated that all of your
guests and all your crew are going to have to be vaccinated. So am I not reading this right from the
CDC yesterday that you would be able to skip the simulated cruises and be able to start North American
cruising sooner rather than later?

And If you did go down the path of participating in the simulated cruises for certain ships that don't meet
those vaccine mandates, do you believe that 60-day wait period would still be in place? Or would that get
accelerated?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Steve, we're going to have one rule and one rule only, and that is, at least at the beginning, 100% of our
guests and our crew will be vaccinated. We're not going to pick and choose that this ship is less safe than
another ship. It's one rule, covers everyone, whether you're sailing in Europe, sailing out of the Caribbean
or sailing out of the U.S.

So I really haven't paid too much attention to the latest simulated voyages because we don't plan on
participating in that program. We're going to be fully vaccinated. And therefore, we won't have to. So I
just -- I don't know the answer to your question in terms of timing.

Steven Moyer Wieczynski
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. Got you. And let me ask this a little bit differently then. So you obviously have been in front of the
CDC, and you've had conversations with the CDC, and I'm sure you've asked this question then.

But how can they differentiate between you guys and, let's take for example, the airline industry? So If
I'm going on an airline, I don't have to be vaccinated. There's no social distancing requirements. If I go on
a cruise line on one of your ships, everybody is going to be vaccinated. How -- what is their answer to that
question in terms of how they're differentiating there?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Steve, you just threw a piece of red meat at me. I -- listen, they just won't answer it. We're perplexed.
We're flabbergasted. We're outraged, airplanes, casinos, just about every venue. And when we talk about
that we're willing to vaccinate every single person on board the cruise ship, there isn't another venue on
earth, not a school, not a factory, not your office building, apartment building, much less an entertainment
venue like a casino, a hotel, a resort that commit that claim.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

We will have -- we will be the safest place on earth by definition. On top of that vaccination mandate,
we're going to implement the 74 Healthy Sail Panel recommendations. That one two-punch is unbeatable.
No one out earth has it. Yet the CDC continues to treat us differently, we daresay unfairly.

And look, it's not like the CDC has done a great job of controlling the virus around the country. We ranked
#1 in the world for the most infections, the most hospitalization, I think the most deaths. Yet they pick on
the cruise industry to an extreme. That is just unbelievable, unexplainable and frustrates us to no end.

We're hopeful that the discussions that we've been having lately with them, these 2-times-a-week calls,
will result in continued improvement. We saw improvement when they announced last Wednesday night
clarifications to their original Phase 2a. We're certainly going to let them know this afternoon that what
they published for Phase 2b and 3 is unacceptable in many areas and that we're, again, hopeful, at this
point, I can't say more than hopeful, that clarifications will come soon to alleviate the pain points that
we've identified.

Steven Moyer Wieczynski
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

And if I could ask one more quick one for -- probably for Mark. But Mark, whether you start North
American cruising July, August, September, whatever time frame, obviously, you're going to have some
operations around Europe and other parts of the Caribbean in the near term. I guess, the question, Mark,
is your current liquidity position, do you feel that it's pretty adequate at this point, meaning you feel
comfortable enough with where you sit today?

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

Steve, look, we have a very solid liquidity position today, almost $3.5 billion at the end of the quarter.
So we have -- we feel like we have a great foundation going forward. We still have a sufficient amount
of tools on our toolbox should we need it, but the key really is we have to stay ahead of our needs. But
the key is that they're still relatively uncertain. There's a lot of uncertainty out there, so we have to watch
that.

While we're certainly encouraged with the recent momentum and the discussions that have taken place
and with the restart, that certainly bodes well for us and the rest of the industry. So we just need to see
that continued momentum going forward. But we do have tools should we need it, but we feel we're in a
very strong position as we sit here today.

Operator

And your next question comes from Patrick Scholes with Truist Securities.

Charles Patrick Scholes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Frank, you had talked about with having complete vaccinations to start with out of the U.S. overcoming a
hurdle with the CDC. However, you have Florida prohibiting customers and patrons of businesses providing
any documentation regarding certifying a COVID-19 vaccine. How do you plan to deal with that Florida law
in this situation?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Yes. That's an issue, Patrick. We've had discussions with the Governor's office. Those continue, but it is
a classic state versus federal government issue. Legally, lawyers believe that federal law applies and not
state law, but I'm not a lawyer. And we hope that this hasn't become a legal football or a political football.

But at the end of the day, cruise ships have motors, propellers and rudders. And God forbid, we can't
operate in the state of Florida for whatever reason, then there are other states that we do operate from.
And we can operate from the Caribbean for ships that otherwise would have gone to Florida.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

We certainly hope it doesn't come to that. Everyone wants to operate out of Florida. It's a very lucrative
market. It's close drive market. So -- but it is an issue. Can't ignore it. And we hope that everyone is
pushing in the same direction, which is we want to resume cruising in a safe manner, especially at the
beginning.

Things might be different 6 months from now or a year from now. But today, with the pandemic still being
front and center in everybody's mind, and we're just getting out of the worst part of it just weeks ago, I
think everyone should be wanting to start cruising in the safest possible manner, and that's exactly what
the Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings plan does, 100% vaccination of both crew and passengers.

For the life of me, I don't understand 98% and not 100%. So you got a -- you have a big shift. You
have 1,800 crew members on board and you're going to vaccinate 1,764 of them, but not 36. I mean,
what a loophole to allow potential COVID to be introduced In the crew area. 100%, 100% at least at the
beginning, I believe, should be the model. And if the CDC wants to go in a different direction, the rest of
the industry wants to go, great.

We want to go 100%. We want clearance for 100%. And as of today, which is a little over a month
since we submitted our proposal to the CDC, we've not yet heard back from them, and that is very
disappointing.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS.

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Like everyone else, I have questions about the restart and timing, but I know that they aren't all the
answers. So I actually -- I'm going to ask a question.

One of the slides talking about the recovery plan that mentioned private island infrastructure and even
ahead of maybe some deleveraging. So I'm just wondering if that is something related to the reopening
plan that is -- you thought you needed given they may be initially limited to private islands and just kind
of wanted to hear what that reference may be.

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

Robin, it's Mark. So look, that -- as we look at our path going forward and our plans, medium, long term,
certainly, obviously, delevering is a critical component of what we want to do, and we'll continuously be
looking at that.

When we talk about our islands and our infrastructure, we've been talking about this for a while that
we believe the private islands are a unique destination that we can continue to monetize in a positive
economic way. That said, we are not targeting anything with our comeback, where it would force us to
have significant CapEx around that. We're simply keeping on our radar that as we recover and as we
rebuild, those are opportunities where we can invest and see a significant return on.

So I wouldn't read too much into it. But as we go forward, we're going to balance all needs, whether it's
delevering, trying to take out some debt, investing in the fleet, investing in our islands, investments to
become more efficient. That's all going to be in our playbook, and we'll balance the needs accordingly.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jaime Katz with Morningstar.

Jaime M. Katz
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

I don't think you guys have mentioned the demand that you've seen on the 3 ships that you put into the
Caribbean and announced last month. So if there's any insight into how pent-up demand has played out
for those itineraries, I'd love to hear it.

And then I do think the sourcing of cruisers has been a little bit more geographically homogeneous for
some of the other cruise lines and what they have currently announced in Europe. So are there any
logistical difficulties we should be thinking about when you're sourcing across geographies? Or because of
the vaccination requirement, is that not as much a problem?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thank you, Jaime. Your first question, all 3 of the initial savings we announced for Norwegian, one
vessel out of Athens to the Greek Isles doing incredibly well. And to tie that with your second question,
consistent with our prior history, a little over 80% of the people who are booked on those cruises out of
Greece are Americans. So Americans are willing to get on an airplane and fly over there.

The 2 sailings out of the Caribbean are doing better than expected. Remember that normally, Caribbean
sailings out of Miami, out of South Florida, this is the low season, so we have 2 ships where we normally
have 1. So the -- on relative terms, they're not going to be the highest producing vessels in terms of
yields. But given what we expected, they're doing better than expected, especially given the fact that we
introduced them only about a month ago, and so the booking window is very, very compressed.

But again, speaking to the pent-up demand, it's filling up quickly, and so I'm glad we did it. It's certainly
the -- keeping the ship laid up, but we would have preferred to start those vessels in Alaska, start those
vessels in Europe. But because of other reasons that you know of, we couldn't.

And so the next best thing was to start new home ports, and we'll see what happens. We're very
encouraged, especially with the vessel out of the Dominican Republic. The DR has a very good airlift to the
U.S. I believe it's the #1 destination for Americans to the Caribbean. And who knows? That vessel might
prove to be so profitable there that it never returns back to U.S. waters. which would be, again, one of the
economic casualties of this prolonged CDC-induced suspension.

Operator

And your next question comes from Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research.

Vince Charles Ciepiel
Cleveland Research Company

A question on longer-term supply/demand dynamics. Pre-COVID, there was concern in the industry of
elevated capacity additions limiting pricing power. Based on what you're seeing today with scrapping or
delaying of the scheduled arrivals, how much lower do you think industry capacity ends up shaking out
over the next couple of years?

And what are you seeing early on right now for longer-dated sailings in '22 and '23? And how does that
shape your view of industry pricing going forward?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

So that's 9 questions in 1, I'll try to remember them. Look, I think that the narrative of too much capacity
coming online pre-pandemic had pretty much been debunked. All the cruise industries were taking on
the new delivery, digesting that new capacity very nicely and increasing pricing. And so we always -- our
comeback always was we only have 28 ships. There are many unserved -- underserved markets that we
simply don't have ships to operate in. And so we're eager to get our hands on our new vessels, all 9 of
them across the 3 brands.

And what we're seeing now with the -- in the pandemic is pricing is strong, demand is stronger than ever.
I mean, to give you a nugget of data, the Oceania and Regent brands reached their 50% load factor for

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

2022 over 100 days earlier than they did for the record year of 2019. Nearly 4 months, they hit their 50%
load factor mark earlier than ever before and at higher prices. So pricing power is there.

In terms of capacity exits, I think, from what I can see, and I don't know because different companies --
you got to ask the individual company. But from what I can see, the capacity exits have already occurred.
We have the youngest fleet in the industry, so we never considered any exits and still haven't.

And the order book and the future hasn't changed. So it's - they're coming with very, very few delays. And
whatever is delayed is delayed by a few weeks, a month or so.

So look, the industry was healthy as heck before the pandemic. We're seeing during the pandemic how
resilient it is, how much pent-up demand there is. We just need to get started. We just need to get all
these ridiculous regulations, this overreach eliminated.

And listen, I'll tell you this. If we could operate -- given what's on the books right now for 2022, if we can
operate the itineraries that we're actually selling, 2022 could be a record year. That's how good things
are. But the big risk is can we operate? Are we going to have to continue to cancel sailings because of this
rolling conditional sail order, which is very difficult to comply with?

And it's not just the CDC. Let's -- let me try to be a little fair here. The rest of the world has got to open
up as well. The CDC affects U.S. embarking, disembarking guests, but the rest of Europe has to open up.
Asia has to open up. South America has to open up. Remember, this is a global industry.

Cruise companies visit 500 ports around the world, and only a handful are open today. And so that's the
risk, how quickly can the world return to normal, to opening up the ports, to lifting the travel restrictions,
et cetera. But from a pure market dynamic point of view, 2022 would be a record year.

Operator

Our last question comes from Ivan Feinseth with Tigress Financial.

Ivan Philip Feinseth
Tigress Financial Partners LLC, Research Division

And congratulations on fighting this good fight and almost getting there. I just kind of have a couple of
quick questions. Do you think that the demand is even greater than you're experiencing because a lot of
people may be hesitant to book, but once they know they can book and the rules are clear, that you will
see maybe travel agents are saying, "I have a bunch of people ready to book once it's ready to go?" And
also what -- which ones of your lines are seeing the strongest demand and the best pricing?

And then one last thing. A lot of the travel industry has started to embrace the concept that's been driven
by a certain company that books houses as working from home doesn't have to be your home. And the
work from anywhere can be anywhere, and maybe there's some opportunity to address people that want
to work from anywhere, including a cruise ship from time to time would be a great place to work.

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I don't know. I think that's a little fatty. Remember, you work from home because you have this
incredible fast Internet service. As you know, Internet service on a cruise ship in the middle of the ocean
is not optimal. So I wouldn't get too carried away on that one, Ivan.

Look, in terms of overall demand, we're hitting only on partial cylinders. The U.S. is by far the biggest
driver of new demand, even though we have 50,000 cases a day, and all the restrictions that we still have
to live with and the new cycle and everything else. Europe, for the most part, has not reopened in terms
of a robust marketing and travel agencies coming back. The U.K. is doing okay. Australia, New Zealand,
which, as I think you know, has always been #3, #4 top source market for us, is completely closed down.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

So the fact that we're doing as well as we're doing, with marketing spend that is in the neighborhood of
30% to 40% of what we normally spend, the new cycle, the travel restrictions, the unknown, right, we're
just not sure what's going to be happening. There is no certainty.

The international source markets for the most part being suboptimal. I mean, like I said in my prepared
remarks, the pent-up demand is deep, 50 million people. By the time summer rolls around, 33 million
people cruise a year. We will have been shut down 18 months. That's 50 million people that would have
cruised that haven't cruised.

And so I think we have a pent-up demand tail that we're going to be able to enjoy over the next couple
of years, certainly in '22 and into '23 and perhaps beyond because, look, it's sort of like the yin and the
yang. We've gone with no cruising. It was 0. And these people want to cruise, and they're going to cruise
in the future.

And so we believe that sets up a beautiful dynamic for increased pricing, and we're taking advantage of
it to be as well booked as we are. And again, I gave you a nugget that Oceania and Regent hit their 50%
load factor for 2022 over 100 days earlier than they ever had before, and their pricing is up. Even with the
FCC dilution, it's just unbelievable. Just let me cruise CDC, and we'll have incredible financial results. Just
let us cruise.

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

And Ivan, your comment on the demand getting better, I think you're spot on. We are seeing that with
data points when we talk about our booking volumes that have doubled. We see our ATS continually
growing.

So as consumers get more certainty and more comfortable, I think there's good signs that, that should
continue and continue strong. So we're very hopeful around that.

Ivan Philip Feinseth
Tigress Financial Partners LLC, Research Division

Congratulations on managing this so well and really all on your own because, like other industries, you
received so far no help. So from -- hopefully, we're getting there soon. So good luck.

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Ivan. All the best to you.

Andrea DeMarco
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Before we go, I'd like to remind everyone that our Annual General Meeting is coming up on May 20. This
year, we have a number of very important proposals on the ballot, including an increase in our authorized
share capital.

We are extremely appreciative of the support we've received from our shareholders during this
extraordinary time, and we're asking for our shareholders' continued support. Please vote and support
our Board's recommendations for our Annual General Meeting proposals, so that we have the flexibility to
continue to respond to the unprecedented challenges of the pandemic.

Thank you again, everyone, for your time and support. And as always, we'll be available to answer any of
your questions. Have a great day, and stay well.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

