Omnicom Group Inc. NYSE:OMC
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 28, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.15

Revenue  (mm)

3304.83

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-24-2020 3:46 PM GMT

0.79

2956.47

4.48

5.41

13112.48

13856.51

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.60

1.30

1.85

1.15

1.68

1.32

1.89

1.19

5.00 %

1.54 %

2.16 %

3.48 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

Shub Mukherjee
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Julien Roch
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Michael Brian Nathanson
MoffettNathanson LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

[Audio Gap] and welcome to the Omnicom's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

At this time, I'd like to introduce you to your host for today's conference, Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.

Shub Mukherjee
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our second quarter 2020 earnings call. On the
call with me today is John Wren, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, our Chief
Financial Officer.

We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to
www.omnicomgroup.com this morning's press release, along with the presentation covering the
information we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our
website.

Before I start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other
information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of
the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our
present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially.

I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP
measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to
the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation material.

We are now going to begin this morning's call with an overview of our business from John Wren, then
Phil Angelastro will review our financial results for the quarter. And then we will open the line for your
questions.

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Shub. Good morning. I hope everyone on the call is staying safe and healthy. I'm pleased to
speak to you about our second quarter 2020 results. The quarter posed extraordinary challenges and our
management teams responded with a focus on our people, our clients and our business. The effect of
COVID and related lockdowns were unprecedented.

Additionally, communities around the world felt the weight of the acts of racism in the United States and
the protests that resulted from them. During these difficult times, the health and the safety of our people
remains our top priority, and we are committed to providing the support they need.

In the midst of these events and with the substantial majority of our staff continuing to work from home,
we delivered outstanding work for our clients and had several key new business wins. This speaks to the
resiliency of our people, and our clients more than ever are seeking our creativity, partnership and support
to develop responses for their recovery and growth plans as we operate in the new normal.

The financial impact of COVID and stay-at-home orders was significant during the quarter. With few
exceptions, the effects were broad-based across disciplines, industries and geographies. Negative organic
growth reduced our revenue by 23%, which includes the decline in our third-party service costs.

As you may or may not know, our organic growth is based upon reported revenue and is therefore not
comparable to the organic growth or other financial calculations reported by our competitors which are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

based upon net revenue. The subdisciplines that were most negatively impacted by COVID were events,
field marketing and merchandising and media.

The majority of the revenue decline from these businesses is the result of the reduction in third-party
service costs incurred when performing services for our clients when we act as principal. Phil will discuss
our second quarter revenue performance in more detail during his remarks.

In response to the decline in spend by our clients, we took very difficult and permanent actions during
the quarter to reduce our costs and preserve the strength of our business. They include: aligning our
staff levels agency-by-agency with client demand for our services; reducing our real estate in line with
headcount and begin to prepare for changes in how we use space in the future; and divesting several
small noncore and underperforming businesses.

Regrettably, we had to reduce our employees by 6,100 people. We also shed over 1 million square feet of
space. These actions resulted in repositioning costs for the quarter of $278 million, which are expected to
generate approximately $500 million in annualized savings.

In addition, we took numerous temporary actions to reduce our costs beginning late in the first quarter
and in the second quarter. To preserve jobs where possible, we participated in government and wage
subsidy programs across 35 markets; we froze new hires and salary increases; we significantly reduced
or eliminated the use of freelances; we cut discretionary costs and capital expenditures wherever possible
and took voluntary pay cuts across our corporate groups as well as our network and agencies. Overall,
these costs will, in part, offset the decline in revenue we expect will continue in the second half of the
year.

Excluding the impact of the repositioning costs, our second quarter operating profit declined by
approximately 40% to $340 million, and our operating margin was 12.2%. Net income for the quarter was
$199 million, and EPS was down 45.2% year-over-year to $0.92 per share. Our free cash flow for the first
half of the year was $724 million, and we paid over $282 million in dividends to our shareholders. As we
stated last quarter, we have stopped our share repurchases.

Our liquidity and balance sheet remain extremely strong. As of June 30, we had nearly $3.3 billion in cash.
We also have $2.9 billion in available revolving credit facilities, and our nearest long-term notes are not
due until May 2022. Importantly, the underlying fundamentals of our business are solid.

COVID has rapidly changed consumer behavior, and many of our clients have, in turn, fast-tracked their
digital transformation initiatives. We are very well prepared to advise and serve our clients in managing
this change. Over the past several years, we've made significant investments to enhance our capability in
digital transformation services, data-driven solutions and customer-centric offerings. We have leveraged
these investments to deliver seamless solutions for our clients across brand building, CRM, media, e-
commerce and performance marketing, and it has resulted in several recent client wins.

Just yesterday, we further expanded our capabilities in these areas through the acquisition of DMW Group
in the U.K. DMW will become part of Credera, which offers management consulting, digital transformation
and marketing technology implementation services.

We acquired Credera in 2018. And since then, it has rapidly expanded its client relationships and
integrated with many Omnicom teams. The company will now further expand its capabilities into Europe.
We look forward to continuing to invest and grow the company into a top-tier consulting and marketing
technology arm for Omnicom.

Our most critical investment are in our people, and I'm pleased to report that last week, we named
two exceptional internal candidates to lead DDB worldwide. Marty O'Halloran was named Global Chief
Executive of DDB Worldwide. Most recently, Marty served as Chairman and CEO of DDB Australia and New
Zealand.

Marty will be partnering with Justin Thomas-Copeland who is promoted to CEO of DDB North America
region. Justin is widely regarded as a disruptive leader in data and analytics, with a passion for creativity
and is a pioneer in connecting creative ideas with insights and customer experiences that effectively drive

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

outcomes for clients. Both Marty and Justin are well known within Omnicom as transformative leaders, and
I'm confident that DDB is well-positioned for success with them at the helm.

Chuck Brymer did an exceptional job as the interim CEO in the midst of this crisis. He will now return to
his role as Chairman of DDB Worldwide and will Support Marty and Justin in their new roles.

These changes once again demonstrate we have a deep bench of capable leaders within Omnicom, which
is a direct result of our focus on developing exceptional and diverse talent.

As we move forward into the second half of the year, we will continue to navigate through the impact of
COVID across markets throughout the quarter and into July as many markets around the world ended
lockdowns and we reopened several of our offices in parts of Asia Pacific, Europe and the Middle East and
the U.S. following a capitally planned process and phased reentry approach.

While we are pleased with these reopenings, we recognize that some of our staff will continue to work
from home for a considerable longer period of time. We are fortunate that we have the capabilities and
technology that allow our people to service clients from home while doing our part to stop the spread of
coating.

Our people's ability to work effectively from anywhere is demonstrated by our recent new business
success and the industry accolades we received over the past few months. In July, Peugeot chose
Omnicom's O.P.E.N., which is an acronym for Omnicom for Peugeot Engine, as its new agency of record.

Following a successful virtual pitch, creative precision marketing and strategy teams from across 17
different markets put together the winning proposal. It was an outstanding team effort and demonstrated
our ability in this new virtual world to bring together the best marketing, intelligent communication
strategy, creativity and technology for our clients.

In June, Air France selected Omnicom's dedicated agency called Aura as its creative and media agency of
record. The win was also the result of a collaborative effort of agencies, including TBWA, Omnicom Media
Group, Precision Marketing and EG +.

In addition, Playstation assigned EG + its global production account, and Clorox consolidated its U.S.
media business with OMD. These are just a handful of the wins during the quarter.

We've also seen our agencies' collaboration and ingenuity recognized in industry awards campaign named
adam&eveDDB Agency of the Year for the sixth year in a row. Manning Gottlieb OMD won Media Agency
of the Year. During 2020 ADC Awards, TBWA was named Network of the Year for the second year in a row.
BBDO was named Cannes Lions' First-Ever Network of the Decade.

For Agency of the Decade, AlmapBBDO took the title in Latin America. Adam&eve won it for Europe and
Colenso BBDO in the Pacific region.

Finally, Marina Maher Communications was named Agency of the Decade by PRovoke.

I want to congratulate and thank our teams for their new business wins and the industry recognition.

As I mentioned when I opened, we are grappling with the recent acts of racism and violence that have
called to like inequalities and injustices experienced by black and diverse communities around the world.
Since the formation of Omnicom, diversity, equity and inclusion have been a part of our core values. We
do not tolerate racism or discrimination in any form against any person.

Our DE&I strategy aims to create supportive environments and is led by the Omnicom People Engagement
Network, or OPEN. OPEN provides structure, counsel and visibility to our DE&I initiatives and policies
throughout our organization. Over the last decade, our chief diversity officer and the open leadership
teams have made tremendous progress and brought significant changes to Omnicom and our agencies.

During these difficult times, they've also led discussions on what more we can do to support our black
colleagues and people of color. These discussions played a key role in the development of OPEN 2.0, a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

strategic framework that will strengthen and expand our DE&I initiatives and advance the OPEN tenets of
culture, collaboration, clients and community.

OPEN 2.0 will be launched in the third quarter and will establish specific action items across our group
to drive increased representation and retention of all people of color. The degree of success of OPEN 2.0
will be measured in the aggregate across all Omnicom agencies and will be an important factor in the
compensation of the executive officers of Omnicom and the CEOs of our networks and practice areas.

OPEN 2.0 will build upon the base we've already created at Omnicom, accelerate our progress and ground
us in accountability. We look forward to updating you on these efforts and sharing additional details
moving forward.

Before turning the call over to Phil for a more in-depth look at the numbers, let me provide some context
of our expectations for the second half of the year.

Overall, visibility has improved in the past couple of months but remains low as we and our clients
consider the continuing effects of COVID across markets, including the possibility of second wave, the
effects and timing of government stimulus programs, changes in consumer habits and spending and the
overall rate of economic recovery. With that in mind, our agencies have developed their second half plans
based upon these and other important factors, such as the health and safety of our people, the services
they provide and the client industries they serve.

A key part of their plans is having contingency actions that are dependent on how the situation evolves in
their local markets. That said, and based upon current marketing conditions, we think the worst is behind
us, with Q2 being the low point for year-over-year revenue declines in 2020.

Over the second half, we expect our performance to vary by geography depending on how effective local
governments have responded to COVID, and in turn, in reopening their economies. Additionally, we expect
some industries that have been hit the hardest, such as travel and entertainment as well as our event
businesses, will likely continue to be challenged while other industries such as retail, food, beverage, autos
as well as our media buying business will likely see improvements.

As a result of the repositioning actions we took in Q2 and with continuing but lower benefit from our
temporary cost actions, we expect our margins in Q3 and Q4 to be approximately in line with those in the
prior year.

In closing, we remain confident that we will weather this period and emerge a stronger organization.

I want to thank our people for their tireless efforts, dedication and commitment, and our clients for their
partnership and confidence during these truly unprecedented times.

Let me now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our results. Phil?

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, John, and good morning. As John said, since the outset of the pandemic, our leadership teams
across our networks, practice areas and agencies have been focused on aligning our cost structure
and business model with the changes impacting us and our clients around the globe. This required
our agencies and their client service teams to focus their efforts on delivering meaningful insights and
solutions to help our clients prepare for and respond to a rapidly changing consumer landscape.

Although we faced an unprecedented business environment this quarter and the near-term outlook
continues to include quite a bit of uncertainty, we believe the actions our agencies have taken to date
will allow us to weather the current environment and emerge as a stronger organization. Throughout
the second quarter, we took numerous actions to align our operations in response to changes in client
demand. They included severance actions to reduce employee headcount, which resulted in an incremental
charge of $150 million; real estate lease impairments, terminations and related fixed asset charges of
$103 million that will allow us more flexibility to match our headcount; and anticipated changes in the use

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

of space as well as the disposition of several small noncore underperforming agencies, which resulted in a
loss of approximately $25 million.

In the quarter, these repositioning charges totaled $278 million, which reduced our net income by $233
million and diluted earnings per share of $1.03. We presented our 2020 results to also separately show the
impact of the repositioning charges and disposition actions.

The non-GAAP adjusted results on Slides 5 through 8 show how our underlying business performed year-
on-year on a more comparable basis. I will detail the impact of the projected future benefits of these
actions in a few minutes.

During the second quarter, we also continued to take proactive steps to strengthen our liquidity and
financial position. These actions serve to provide additional liquidity insurance as we move forward. On
April 1, we issued $600 million of 10-year 4.2% senior notes, which will mature in June 2030. Also in
April, we entered into a $400 million, 364-day revolving credit facility. The 364-day facility is in addition
to our existing $2.5 billion revolving credit facility that we renewed in the first quarter of 2020 for an
additional 5 years. We have not drawn down on either facility in 2020.

We closed the quarter with $3.28 billion in cash. And during Q2, in a difficult operating environment, we
generated over $330 million of positive working capital. The actions we've taken throughout the year as
well as the fact that we have no long-term debt maturing until May of 2022, we believe, leaves us well-
positioned to manage our liquidity and ongoing capital requirements.

Turning to the actual results slide for the second quarter. Our organic revenue performance was negative
$855 million or 23% for the quarter. The decrease was unprecedented, and we experienced declines
across all markets and disciplines, except for our specialty health care businesses.

The impact of foreign exchange rates reduced our revenue by 1.7% in the quarter, a little less negative
than we estimated on our February earnings call. And since almost all of our Q2 2020 disposition activity
took place towards the end of the quarter, the net impact from dispositions and acquisitions was only
slightly negative in the quarter.

As a result, our reported revenue in the second quarter decreased 24.7% to $2.8 billion when compared
to Q2 of 2019. I will discuss the components of the changes in revenue in further detail in a few minutes.

Turning to Slide 6. Our reported operating profit for the quarter, including the impact of the $278 million of
repositioning charges and loss on dispositions, was $62.5 million. Excluding the impacts of those charges,
our non-GAAP adjusted operating profit, or EBIT, was $340.4 million. That resulted in an operating margin
for the quarter of 12.2%, down from our Q2 2019 operating margin of 15.4%.

We estimate that the severance and real estate actions taken in the second quarter will generate
approximately $230 million in savings over the second half of 2020. We also expect to generate additional
savings in excess of $75 million in the second half of 2020 compared to the second half of 2019 from
reductions in discretionary costs.

On Slide 3 of our investor presentation, we presented the details of our operating expenses. Our salary
and service costs are variable and fluctuate with revenue. Salary and related service costs declined by
$235 million in the quarter. Third-party service costs, which include expenses incurred with third-party
vendors when we act as a principal when performing services for our clients primarily related to our
events, field marketing and merchandising and media businesses, they declined by almost $400 million in
the quarter.

Occupancy and other costs, which are less linked to changes in revenue, declined by approximately
$25 million, and SG&A expenses also declined by approximately $25 million in the quarter. As we move
forward to the second half of 2020, we will continue to actively manage our costs to ensure they align with
our revenues.

Net interest expense for the quarter was $47.2 million, down $3 million versus Q2 of last year and up $1.4
million compared to Q1 of 2020. When compared to Q2 of 2019, our gross interest expense was down

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

$12.9 million, resulting from several debt refinancing actions over the past 12 months. These actions
included the issuance in July of 2019 of EUR 1 billion aggregate of Eurobonds due in 2027 and 2031, which
resulted in net proceeds of $1.1 billion at an average rate of 1.23%; the retirement of our $500 million
of 6.25% 2019 senior notes also in Q3 of 2019; the early redemption of our $1 billion 4.45% 2020 senior
notes, which was done in 2 steps, part in Q3 of 2019 and the remainder in the first quarter of 2020; the
issuance of $600 million of 10-year 2.45% senior notes during the first quarter of 2020 used to redeem
the balance of our 2020 notes, which were due in Q3; and the issuance of an additional $600 million of
10-year 4.2% senior notes in early April.

As a result of these actions, our long-term debt is comprised of $4.6 billion in dollar-denominated debt
and EUR 1 billion in euro-denominated debt. These actions have decreased the effective interest rate on
our senior debt by over 100 basis points Q2 2020 when compared to Q2 of 2019. They have also allowed
us to reduce our commercial paper and other short-term financing activities, further reducing our interest
expense when compared to last year.

This reduction was offset by a decrease in interest income of $9.9 million versus Q2 of 2019. While our
average cash on hand balance during the quarter was higher than it was last year, interest rates were
lower, resulting in a decrease in interest income. When compared to the first quarter of 2020, interest
expense decreased $4.8 million driven by the incremental charges to interest expense incurred in Q1 for
the early redemption of the 2020 notes. And interest income was down $6.2 million, again primarily due to
a decrease in rates.

For the remainder of the year, we expect that our refinancing activity in 2019 and 2020 will more than
offset the increase in interest expense from the issuance of the 4.2% notes in April of 2020. We believe
adding this additional liquidity, while maintaining our interest expense levels, was a prudent step to take.
We expect net interest expense in Q3 2020 to be approximately flat with Q3 of 2019. We expect net
interest expense to increase in Q4 2020 by approximately $10 million compared to Q4 of 2019 primarily
due to an estimated reduction in interest income.

Our effective tax rate for the 6 months ended June 30, 2020, increased to 30.6% from 25.7% for the
comparable period in 2019. The increase was primarily attributable to the nondeductibility in certain
jurisdictions of both a portion of the repositioning costs and the loss on dispositions.

Excluding the impact of these items, the effective rate for the 6 months ended June 30, 2020, was
approximately 26%, which was in line with our expectations. For reference purposes, the prior period's
income tax expense included a reduction of $10.8 million from the net favorable settlements of uncertain
tax positions in certain jurisdictions.

At this time, excluding the impact of the nondeductible expenses, and before considering the impact of the
tax effect from our share-based compensation, which is subject to changes in the value of Omnicom stock
price, we are forecasting our effective tax rate will be approximately 26.5% for the rest of the year.

We recognized a loss of $7.8 million from our equity in affiliates in the quarter. The allocation of earnings
to the minority shareholders and are less than fully owned subsidiaries decreased $13.6 million to $9.8
million, reflective of the decreased performance during the quarter. So for the quarter, including the
impact of the repositioning actions and the loss on dispositions described earlier, which totaled $223.1
million during the period, we reported a net loss of $24.2 million. Excluding these items, our non-GAAP net
income for the second quarter was $198.9 million.

Our diluted share count for the quarter decreased 2.5% versus Q2 of last year to 215.4 million shares,
resulting from share repurchases over the past 12 months prior to the suspension of share repurchases in
mid-March. Our reported EPS for the quarter, reflecting the net impact of our repositioning actions and the
loss on our disposition activity, was an $0.11 loss per share. The impact of the repositioning items and the
loss from dispositions reduced our diluted EPS by $1.03 per share. As a result, our non-GAAP diluted EPS
for the quarter, excluding the impact of those items, would have been $0.92 per share.

On Slide 2, we provide the summary P&L, EPS and other information for the year-to-date period. We've
also provided the non-GAAP adjusted presentation for the 6-month results on Slides 7 and 8, which

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

excludes the second quarter items that we identified. Since the changes in the year-to-date results versus
the prior period are almost entirely driven by the activities that we discussed from the second quarter, I
won't review the year-to-date slides in detail.

Returning to the details of our revenue performance on Slide 9. Overall, while we have a diversified
portfolio of clients, disciplines and service offerings as well as geographies that we operate in, demand
for our services declined as marketers reduced expenditures in the short term due to the impacts of the
pandemic and related lockdowns. Our reported revenue for the second quarter was $2.8 billion, down
$854 million organically or 23% from Q2 2019.

Certain client sectors were affected more significantly than others as you can see on Slide 14. Our
clients in industries such as travel, lodging and entertainment, energy, nonessential retail and the
auto industry sought to cut their costs quickly in Q2, including postponing and/or reducing their
marketing communication expenditures, while clients in certain other industries such as health care and
pharmaceuticals, technology and telecommunications have fared somewhat better to date.

The disciplines that were most negatively impacted were: CRM Consumer Experience, primarily due to
our events businesses; Advertising, primarily due to some of our media businesses; and CRM Execution &
Support, primarily due to our field marketing and merchandising businesses. The majority of the revenue
decline in these businesses is the result of reductions in third-party service costs incurred when providing
services for our clients when we act as principal. These third-party service costs, which fluctuate directly
with changes in revenue, declined by approximately $400 million in Q2 of 2020 versus Q2 of 2019.

Turning to the FX impact. On a year-over-year basis, the U.S. dollar's continuing strength again created a
headwind in our reported revenue. The impact of changes in exchange rates decreased reported revenue
by 1.7% or $62 million in revenue for the quarter.

And continuing with the recent pattern, the strengthening was widespread. The dollar strengthened
against practically every major foreign currency. In the quarter, only the Japanese yen strengthened
against the dollar. The largest FX movements in the quarter were from the U.K. pound and the Brazilian
real.

As for our projection of the FX impact for the remainder of the year, if currencies stay where they currently
are for the balance of 2020, the negative impact of FX may moderate during the final two quarters of the
year: be flat year-on-year in Q3; and slightly negative by less than 50 basis points in Q4, resulting in a
negative impact of around 1% for the full year.

The impact of our recent acquisitions, net of dispositions, decreased revenue by 1/10 of 1%, which was
in line with the estimate we made entering the quarter. Since our Q2 2020 disposition activity took place
towards the end of the quarter, there was a little impact from that activity on our Q2 revenues. Inclusive
of the disposition activity through June 30, and not including any acquisitions or dispositions we may
complete later this year, we estimate the projected net impact of our acquisition and disposition activity
will reduce reported revenue by approximately 50 basis points in the second half of 2020. And finally, our
organic revenue decreased approximately $850 million or 23% in the second quarter when compared to
the prior year.

As I previously mentioned, our revenue was down across all major geographic markets, with the
percentage decreases in organic revenue in the U.S. and in Asia Pacific being a little less negative than the
rest of our regions. Within our service disciplines, our health care agencies continue to see an increase in
activity primarily here in the U.S. and in Asia, resulting in organic revenue growth within the discipline,
while our CRM disciplines, particularly our events and field marketing businesses and our advertising
discipline particularly in some of our media businesses, saw significant declines primarily from reductions
in third-party service costs.

Turning to our mix of business by discipline. For the second quarter, the split was 54% for advertising
and 46% for marketing services. As to the organic change by discipline, our Advertising, CRM Consumer
Experience and CRM Execution & Support disciplines were all down between 25% to 30%. PR was down
about 14% and our Healthcare businesses were up 3.2% organically. Both of these disciplines were

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

positively impacted by continued spend by our pharma clients and negatively impacted by the reduction
in client events that they help execute. PR also benefited from demand for crisis management and
communications and public affairs services.

Now turning to the details of our regional mix of business. You can see during the quarter, split was 57%
in the U.S., 3% for the rest of North America, 9% in the U.K., 16% for the rest of Europe, 11% for Asia
Pacific, 2% for Latin America and the remainder for our smallest region, the Middle East and Africa. That
mix is in line with what we saw by region in Q1 of 2020.

In reviewing the details of our performance by region, organic revenue in the second quarter in the U.S.
was down $414 million or 20.7%, with the largest decreases coming from our advertising, media and
events businesses. As previously mentioned, our domestic health care businesses were positive organically
for the quarter while our precision marketing agencies, though negative organically, performed reasonably
well considering the circumstances.

Outside the U.S., our other North American agencies were down just under 30% or $35 million. Our U.K.
agencies were down $85 million or 23.7%. The disciplines that had led to growth over the past several
quarters in the market, including Advertising and Healthcare, performed relatively well, with events, media
and field marketing lagging. The rest of Europe was down nearly $200 million or 30% organically in the
quarter. In the Eurozone, most of our major markets, including Germany, the Netherlands and Spain were
down in excess of 20%, and France was down over 40% as our events, field marketing and other CRM
execution businesses were significantly impacted by the pandemic.

Our performance outside the Eurozone was somewhat better, with organic revenue down about 23%.
Organic revenue in Asia Pacific for the quarter was down about 18%. Our greater China agencies were
down just over 20% in the quarter while our agencies in Australia, Japan and India did a bit better. Latin
America was down 24% or $25 million organically in the quarter, with weakness once again in Brazil. And
lastly, the Middle East and Africa was negative again for the quarter primarily resulting from the continued
cancellation of events as well as other reductions in client spend.

Turning to our cash flow performance on Slide 16. You can see that in the first 6 months of 2020, we
generated almost $725 million of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital, down versus last
year, but a solid performance under the circumstances.

As for our primary uses of cash on Slide 17, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $283
million, up slightly versus last year due to the impact of the $0.05 per share increase in our quarterly
dividend payment effective in April of last year partially offset by a reduction in our outstanding common
shares due to repurchase activity over the past year. Dividends paid to our noncontrolling interest
shareholders totaled $35 million.

Capital expenditures were $34 million, down versus the first 6 months of 2019. As we mentioned on
the Q1 call, we are limiting our capital projects in the near term to only those deemed essential to our
ongoing operations. Acquisitions, including earnout payments, totaled just under $26 million, and stock
repurchases, net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans, totaled
just over $200 million, and again reflect the suspension of our share repurchase program in mid-March. As
a result of our heightened efforts to prudently manage the use of our cash, we were able to generate $143
million in free cash flow during the first 6 months of 2020.

Turning to our capital structure as of June 30. Our total debt was $5.72 billion, up $187 million since this
time last year and reflecting the debt restructuring activities we've completed over the past year. Over the
past year, we retired $1.5 billion of dollar-denominated senior notes. Replacing those borrowings was $1.2
billion of 10-year senior notes due in 2030 and EUR 1 billion of euro-denominated notes due in 2027 and
2031.

Additionally, as you may remember, the Q2 2019 debt balance included EUR 520 million of short-term
noninterest-bearing senior notes from a private placement to an investor outside the U.S. We repaid those
notes in the third quarter last year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

First, at December 31, 2019, gross debt at the end of the quarter was up $576 million primarily due to the
issuance of the $600 million in senior notes in April of this year. Our net debt position at the end of the
quarter was $2.44 billion, up about $1.6 billion compared to year-end December 31, 2019. The increase
in net debt was a result of the use of working capital of about $1.6 billion, which is typical of our working
capital requirements during the first half of the year, plus the negative impact of exchange rates on our
cash and debt balances of $130 million. Partially offsetting those increases was the free cash flow we
generated in the first half of the year of $143 million.

Over the past 12 months, our net debt is down $190 million primarily driven by our excess free cash flow
of approximately $500 million. Offsetting this was the reduction in operating capital during the past 12
months of approximately $150 million and the negative impact of FX on our cash balances, which totaled
around $90 million. As for our debt ratios our total debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 3.1x, and our net debt-to-
EBITDA ratio was 1.3x.

As you will recall, this past February, we amended and extended our 5-year credit facility. In line with
market standards, the credit facility was modified to increase the leverage ratio to 3.5x and provide
for add backs for noncash charges. For covenant purposes at the end of Q2, our leverage ratio was
approximately 2.9x.

As a reminder, our leverage calculation also reflects the incremental $600 million of senior notes we issued
in early April this year for the purpose of providing additional standby liquidity during the pandemic.

And finally, moving to our historical returns. For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital ratio
was 17.8% while our return on equity was 38.9%, both reflecting the decline in operating results driven
by the economic effects of the pandemic as well as the repositioning charges we took this quarter.

And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we have included several other supplemental
slides in the presentation materials for your review.
But at this point, we are going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson from
MoffettNathanson.

Michael Brian Nathanson
MoffettNathanson LLC

I appreciate your disclosure on the added third-party service costs. And I guess I have a couple of
questions for you there. One is are those essentially just pass-through costs where there's no profits
generated by it? And why wouldn't you show that as a revenue item that netted against the gross to get to
a net revenue?

And then can you help me -- I understand the third-party service cost and CRM experience, if that makes
sense, but what type of third-party service costs would there be in the advertising line?

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So in the context of COVID, given the size of our overall cost decline in the P&L, we thought it was
meaningful to provide some additional details of the components of that cost decline. So we added a third-
party service cost line because they're directly linked to reductions in our revenue and for changes in
client spend, so that drove the additional information.

But from our perspective, we don't pick and choose what cost to include or exclude from a hybrid or net
revenue number or an EBIT number for that matter. So while some of those costs might be directly pass-
through without any potential margin on them, there are components of those costs that ultimately are
part of our overall business.

So in the events business, as an example, if we negotiate a bundled deal or a bundled package for
delivering an event and we act as a principle on that event, all those costs go in our P&L. And by
definition, there's some margin on the overall project, so it's built into the estimates of what those costs
are going to be when we negotiate what the fee is going to be. We also think -- it's important that our
managers are accountable for managing a full P&L and the cost base rather than only the net numbers.
And if you manage to a net number, ultimately, it can lead to some bad habits or bad decisions.

For example, if certain costs are going to be excluded or netted out and the managers of the business
aren't accountable for them, yes, there's a risk that those costs ultimately aren't managed, and what you
get over the long-term is more of those costs because they're netted away and people aren't accountable
for them.

So we don't believe that the right approach is to kind of net those numbers, take a portion of the P&L,
set it aside and say, "You can ignore these costs." So that's why we've approached it that way. And we've
laid out the fact that it's impacted three of our disciplines: CRM Execution & Support, CRM Consumer
Experience, and some of the media business and the Advertising discipline also has some of those
proprietary third-party service costs on them.

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then, Phil, just in media, would that be more on the trading line in media where basically you're
taking a position in principal media and -- because I'm trying to figure out -- I understand the events side
of it, but I'm trying to figure out on the media side. What's third party? Is there anything you can help us
with there?

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Yes. So if you take, which we've talked about a number of times, the programmatic business, there's
two alternatives in terms of how we approach the programmatic business: There's programmatic in the
traditional sense, handled as a traditional agency for the bulk of our media business; and then there's a
bundled solution if a client is focused on achieving a particular ROI or particular metric.

And this is true with a lot of performance marketers. They know what they're comfortable paying per --
whatever that metric might be. And they want to fix that cost. So if they fix that cost, they choose the
bundled product. They opt into our bundled approach. We deliver that bundled media for fixed price, and
the risk of delivering at that price, better or worse, we bear. So those costs end up in our P&L on a gross
basis as opposed to a net basis when we act as an agent.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan.

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I have a couple of questions. The first is, can you isolate roughly what percentage of your business is
events and field marketing, business segments that were essentially 0 in the quarter or really hit very
hard, I should say? I just want to get a rough idea of more comparable performances to your peers. And
do you think they can return those businesses at least in some part or in some regions by the end of the
year?

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

Could you say that last part again, Alexia?

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just curious if you're anticipating any of the events business or field marketing businesses coming back at
least in parts or in some regions in the -- by the end of the year?

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

I think when it comes to events, I don't think we anticipate any meaningful turnaround in the second half
with that business, in particular. I think there's still an awful lot of uncertainty even with respect to live
sports as to what's going to come back and how long it's going to stay back and what it's going to look
like. So events is tied into live sports a lot of times. How the pandemic is going to play down or play out
and when government is going to open up to the point that large gatherings will be back again, we just
don't know. And we're not anticipating in the second half that there's going to be a meaningful rebound. I
guess I'd describe it that way.

And with respect to the field marketing business and the events business, field marketing and
merchandising is probably half or a little more -- probably more than half of the CRM Execution & Support
discipline. In the events business, it really depends on which year in particular you're looking at. And the
current environment events is probably in the neighborhood of, I'd say, broadly 20% to 30% of the CRM
Consumer Experience discipline.

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

The only caveat I'd put that, Alexia, is in the case of the Olympics, which is postponed, clients who are
major sponsors stopped work when the Olympics got moved. We'll start commencing, planning and doing
some other work at the end of the third quarter or the beginning of the fourth quarter. And in very --
only a couple of instances, we have clients that have people who have been trained on those clients or on
extensive period of time. And the talent is very hard to find and the clients continue to pay us to make

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

sure that those people stay at home employed and working on projects for them. But to Phil's point,
that's most negatively affected. Other examples are we have people that are dedicated, not that it's a big
number, to the theater business. And that's not coming back this year.

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then thank you, guys, also for your color on revenues in your opening comments, but I was hoping
you could give us a little bit more information in terms of how much organic revenue growth improved, if
at all, in June in the quarter? I know you don't necessarily like to dissect it month-to-month, but just here,
just give a sense if there's a little bit of the trend that's seeing some better performance as the quarter
progress, that would be helpful. And when you mentioned hopefully getting flattish margins in the back
half of the year, I guess, what sort of organic growth assumptions are you sort of looking to, to achieve
that?

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

The most drastic change we saw actually occurred in the first -- in March. January and February were fine.
March is where we saw the first real decline. There hasn't been a discernible marked difference in what
happened in April, May and June. There was some differences, but not enough for me to declare a trend at
the moment.

What we've been doing, and probably greater accuracy than when people were working in the office, is
working with our folks who've been really doing an excellent job in terms of forecasting, in terms of month
by month, what they see based upon what we know. I'm not prepared to say much more than what I said
in my prepared remarks because, you tell me, is America going to stay open? Is it going to open further?
Is it going to close further?

It's -- we're working. We're working pretty hard. We're doing whatever we can from wherever we can, but
a lot is going to have to do with our clients. So I can't -- we'll give you more color as the year goes on as
we know it, but I'm not going to sit and try to be more specific than it was.

Phil, you can add with...

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Just in terms of the second half and our outlook in terms of margins. I mean, we're going to continue
to focus on operating profit dollars, not necessarily margins. But we've done an awful lot of work, and our
agencies have done a lot of work trying to get the cost base in line with current revenue, not based on a
bunch of assumptions around when the -- when certain markets are going to open up.

And assuming that they're going to get back to a revenue growth mode, we've tried to be very realistic
and somewhat conservative in the forecast for the second half of the year. But to the extent we had to
take cost actions, we took them now. That doesn't mean that there's certainty that we're not going to
have to take more actions in the second half because we'll continue to aggressively monitor that. But
we certainly want and expect our people to be realistic about their forecasts. And I think we have some
confidence, although there's quite a bit of this that's out of our hands in terms of what's going to happen
with client spend and the overall economic environment. But we are confident that our people have done a
good job managing the cost base.

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. I just -- I totally understand the inability to forecast given how much is changing daily. But maybe
put a different way in the markets where you have seen reopening maybe outside of the United States,
have you seen a pickup in business there?

John D. Wren

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Chairman & CEO

Yes. Yes, is the answer. But China, which opened first, we've seen it open and close partially and open and
close partially.

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

Same for Australia.

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

Same for Australia. So -- and not to the point that on this call I can predict with any confidence what's
going to happen. If you told me what was going to happen, I'd have more confidence.

Operator

That question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.

Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just on the cost action, which is obviously substantial and taken quickly. Yes. I think back in April, John,
you were talking about trying to balance, reducing costs, reducing heads and also keeping the right people
and resources in place for the business to recover.

So can you help us think about maybe both the 6,000 heads and also the real estate savings that you
guys outlined today or at least real estate charges you took and how we should think about those as the
business comes back whenever it comes back? Because obviously, you took those actions in reaction to
the COVID crisis, but maybe some of those are permanent or structural reductions. So if we think '21 is
a rebound year of some magnitude, how should we think about expenses coming back in the business as
you rebound off of 2020?

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

Well, just -- the quick answer is I think we said the annualized impact of the actions that we took is about
$500 million. That $500 million won't come back into our system unless the revenue is coming back. So
we feel pretty deliberate about that. And the only thing that altered the way we took actions around the
world, one of the government programs that were in place. Europe had more furlough possibilities where
we kept employees [ tethered ] to the company.

And in the U.S. simply because the only way people could get the benefits the government was offering
was to actually make them redundant. That's what we did. So that's what motivated a lot of the actions.

In many instances, across almost all of our companies, people took voluntary take-offs in order to
preserve jobs. So there's a lot of moving parts. And our -- as Phil mentioned, and I think I might have, for
the second half, our -- each one of our individual offices has created contingency plans that flex up and
flex down depending upon what they see with their clients.

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

But there will be some -- as the revenue grows, some of the costs that are indirect or -- sorry, some of the
costs that are direct, they're going to come back, and we'll be happy to have them back.

Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Right. And then just a -- quickly follow-up on your point. I think, John, you said that the organic declines
you think has peaked or -- the organic pressures. You see the second half top line improving from Q2. I

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

just want to make sure that's accurate. And I think you said there was no real discernible trend for the
months of the second quarter. So is the improvement based on sort of what your agency CEOs are telling
you to your point about forecasting? Is that sort of how we should interpret those comments?

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So based on the most recent forecast that our individual companies have done.

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

Bottoms up.

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

Bottoms up. So it's all bottoms up.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Julien Roche from Barclays.

Julien Roch
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

The first one is just a follow-up on the EUR 500 million of cost saving. If in, say, 2022, revenue is back to
2019 level, how much of the EUR 500 million will go back in? That's my first question.

And then the second question is -- the third-party service cost as a guide was very helpful. And if you use
that, I kind of calculate that net sales were down 17% in Q2. But some colors on net sales in Q2 because
we live in external times and there's usually not that much different between revenue and net sales.

And then lastly, working capital was by EUR 280 million in the first half. Any color on the full year?

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

Well, Phil will covered some of these. We don't believe in net sales so -- as a concept, so we're not going
to comment on that. Not being difficult, that's just true.

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So on the working capital front, Julien, I think the expectation is that our performance from the
second quarter will continue. And it's a day-to-day grind, three yards and a cloud of dust. We're happy
with the performance in the second quarter for sure. It's been a challenge in this environment, but we're
going to do our best to continue those trends.

As far as the first part of your question, with respect to -- if revenue got back to a normalized situation in,
say, in the future, 2022 or whatever period in the future, I think the -- probably the majority of those cost
savings are salary-related-driven and the majority of those costs are going to come back, no question. The
real estate piece, we expect to sustain -- what the real estate piece of the annualized savings is a much
more smaller portion of that hole.

Julien Roch
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Very clear. Maybe just the real estate, is it, what, $50 million savings, $100 million savings?

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

On the real estate front?

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

A little less than that.

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It's probably less than $50 million on an annualized.

Thank you all for taking your time to join us.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and
for using AT&T TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

