Oracle Corporation NYSE:ORCL
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, September 10, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.86

0.93

Revenue  (mm)

9180.61

9368.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Sep-10-2020 5:23 PM GMT

8.14

2.04

0.94

4.05

4.41

9594.05

39248.21

40057.07

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.89

0.96

1.15

0.86

0.90

0.97

1.20

0.93

1.12 %

1.04 %

4.35 %

8.14 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
ORACLE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 10, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ken Bond
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Lawrence J. Ellison
Co-Founder, Chairman & CTO

Safra Ada Catz
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Brad Alan Zelnick
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Heather Anne Bellini
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

James Derrick Wood
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Mark L. Moerdler
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Philip Alan Winslow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Raimo Lenschow
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ORACLE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 10, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Oracle's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.

Now I'd like to turn today's call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President.

Ken Bond
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Erica. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2021
Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes the GAAP to
non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded
from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of customers being mentioned on this conference
call, which have purchased Oracle Cloud Services or went live on Oracle Cloud this quarter, will also be
available from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology
Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz.

As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions,
expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout
today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially
affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks
and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today.
As a result, we caution you from placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we
encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable
amendments, for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results
or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or
publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future
events.

Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call
over to Safra.

Safra Ada Catz
CEO & Director

Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I start, I want to make sure you understand that we
will be making no comments regarding the press reports about TikTok, so there's no need to ask.

So now to Oracle's results. As you can see, we had a great quarter. As usual, I'll review our non-GAAP
results using constant dollar growth rates unless I say otherwise. This quarter, revenue was more than
$150 million, above the midpoint of guidance, and EPS was $0.07 above the midpoint. Currency helped a
little, but this quarter was all about solid execution on the sales side and disciplined management of our
operations as operating income grew 8%, our best result in 3 years.

As I've said previously, and only briefly interrupted by COVID-19, our mix of business is increasingly
favorable. What that means is that our growing businesses are growing faster and are now larger than our
declining businesses. Our Fusion SaaS momentum is very strong. We're seeing the success of Autonomous
Database, which will continue to get even better now that we have Autonomous Database available on
Cloud at Customer.

Our total Cloud Services and License Support revenues for the quarter were $6.9 billion, up 2% from last
year, and accounted for 74% of total company revenue.

GAAP application subscription revenues were $2.8 billion, up 4%. Our Fusion apps were up 26%, with
Fusion ERP up 33% and NetSuite ERP up 23%. Fusion HCM was up 22%. And our Fusion retention rate,
which are already high, continue to go up.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ORACLE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 10, 2020

GAAP infrastructure subscription revenues were $4.1 billion, up 1%, with database revenue up 3%.
Autonomous Database consumption revenue was up 64%, and annualized consumption revenue for OCI
was up 130%. License revenues were $886 million, up 8%. So all in, total revenues for the quarter were
$9.4 billion, up 2%.

As usual, we have continued to be disciplined in our spending, with operating expenses actually down 3%
this quarter.

Non-GAAP operating income was $4.2 billion and, as I said, up 8% from last year, and our best operating
income growth in 3 years. Obviously, we're thrilled with these results, and I expect that Q2 will be good as
we're beginning to see our operating income become a bigger part of our EPS growth. Operating margin
was 45%, up nearly 300 basis points from 42% last year.

The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 19.1%, slightly below our base tax rate of 20% as a result of
some discrete items. And EPS was $0.93 in U.S. dollars, up 15% in U.S. dollars, 14% in constant currency,
and that is despite an interest expense being $120 million higher year-over-year for the quarter. The GAAP
tax rate was 13.3%, also a result of some discrete items, and GAAP EPS was $0.72 in U.S. dollars, up
16% and up 15% in constant currency.

Operating cash flow over the last 4 quarters was $13.1 billion with capital expenditures of $1.6 billion
and free cash flow of $11.5 billion over that same period. We now have more than $42 billion in cash and
marketable securities.

The short-term deferred revenue balance is $9.9 billion, down 4% in constant currency from a year
ago due entirely to timing differences in customer payments. Gross deferred revenue was, in fact, up in
constant currency, and it was up 2%.

As we've said before, we're committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical
innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and a dividend. This quarter, we
repurchased nearly 90 million shares for a total of $5 billion. Over the last 12 months, we've repurchased
361 million shares for a total of $19.2 billion. Over the last 10 years, we have reduced the shares
outstanding by 40%. In addition, we've paid out dividends of $3 billion over the last 12 months, and the
Board of Directors again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.24.

Now to the guidance. Again, my guidance today is on a non-GAAP basis and in constant currency. Now
currency, though, is extremely volatile as you can see in what happened in this quarter and -- but
assuming current exchange rates remain the same as they are now, currency should have a slightly less
than 1% positive impact on total revenue and potentially $0.02 positive effect on EPS for Q2.

So with that, total revenues are expected to grow between 1% to 3% in U.S. dollars. And because we will
have slightly under a 1% tailwind, so in constant currency, that kind of rounds into 0 to 2% but probably
at the higher side.

Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to grow 8% to 12% between $0.96 and $1 in constant
currency, but again, that's assuming a $0.02 tailwind, so non-GAAP EPS in USD is expected to grow 10%
to 14% and to be between $0.98 and $1.02 in U.S. dollars.

Now my EPS guidance for Q2 assumes our base tax rate of 20%. However, as you see, it's usually a little
below it; sometimes, it's a little above it. However, onetime cash events could cause the actual tax rates
for any given quarter to vary. But I expect, in normalizing for these things, it will average to 20% so that's
what I targeted in this guidance.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments.

Lawrence J. Ellison
Co-Founder, Chairman & CTO

Thanks, Safra. Let's see, Oracle occupies a unique position in the cloud market. Oracle is the only cloud
vendor that competes in both the enterprise applications market, SaaS; and the infrastructure-as-a-
service market, IaaS. Our competitors in SaaS are people like Salesforce and Workday. Our competitors in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ORACLE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 10, 2020

IaaS are people like Microsoft and Amazon. They're different markets. We're the only one that spans these
2 markets. It's a very interesting dynamic.

I believe we have the best technology in the market today at both the applications layer and the
infrastructure layer of the cloud. While analysts have ranked Oracle Cloud applications #1 in both market
share and customer satisfaction for some time: we're #1 in customer satisfaction in HCM, we're #1
in customer satisfaction in ERP, I can go on, but what's interesting is that those same analysts are
beginning to take notice of the technical quality and customer satisfaction associated with Oracle's cloud
Infrastructure-as-a-Service business.

I'd like to read an approved statement from IDC about their recently published survey. In the 2020
Industry CloudPath survey that IDC recently released where it surveyed 935 IaaS customers, on their
satisfaction with top IaaS vendors, including Oracle, Amazon Web Services, Microsoft, IBM and Google,
Oracle IaaS, OCI, received the highest satisfaction score and the biggest year-over-year score increase
of all IaaS vendors. In addition, 86% of those surveys said they expect their spend on Oracle IaaS and
OCI to increase in the future. I suspect this comes as a big surprise to many of you and many of our
competitors, just as Zoom picking Oracle infrastructure surprised a lot of people in the recent past.

I know the biggest question for investors has been can Oracle preserve its huge market-leading database
franchise into this new cloud era. Well, interesting question; obviously, an extremely important question
to me and everyone here at Oracle. But if Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, OCI, is, in fact, as IDC describes
it: the best IaaS platform in the market, the IaaS platform with the highest customer satisfaction, and
that same IaaS, OCI, is the foundation for the world's only autonomous database, where do you think the
Oracle database -- installed base is going to go?

What we're beginning to see is that it's just starting to migrate. And it's migrating to both the Oracle
Public Cloud, the only place you could get the Autonomous Database, and Oracle Cloud at Customer
-- excuse me, the only other place you can get the Oracle Autonomous Database, and Oracle Cloud
Infrastructure all together. Customers are picking Oracle Cloud Infrastructure and the Oracle Autonomous
Database for a few very basic and very obvious reasons: much better security, much better reliability,
much better performance and dramatically lower cost, much, much lower cost than AWS. And that's why
people are -- and I'll talk about being -- people like 8x8, another video conferencing system, are moving
entirely from AWS onto the Oracle Cloud. In fact, there is not a major video conferencing company that
isn't talking to Oracle about moving to the Oracle Cloud.

Vim is a perfect example of why customers are choosing Oracle Cloud Infrastructure. We see the benefits
of choosing OCI in Zoom's results. Zoom's recent earnings were stunning. Zoom may be the fastest
company ever to have their company name become a verb. At Oracle, we love to Zoom as most of our
employees continue to work from home. And we love that Zoom's usage of Oracle Cloud Infrastructure
services delivered triple-digit revenue growth in sequential quarters, from Q4 last year to Q1 this year.

OCI cloud data centers are opening all over the world at a record pace. We now have 26 OCI regions live
around the world, edging out Amazon AWS, which currently has 24 regions. And we'll be adding at least
another 10 regions in the next 9 months. We're not slowing down. We're speeding up. Oracle Database
Cloud at Customer is functionally identical to the Oracle Database and the Public Cloud. That's why we're
seeing the migrations going both places. They're going to Database Cloud at Customer, which is a unique
Oracle offering, and they're going directly into our Public Cloud. The price is the same in both cases, the
Database is fully serverless and elastic in both cases. You only pay for what you use in both cases, and
there are no upfront fees in both cases.

We are seeing very rapid adoption of Oracle Database Cloud at Customer among our very largest
customers, and this is just the beginning. In 2018, we delivered the world's first autonomous database.
And the Oracle Autonomous Database is still the world's only autonomous database. Then in 2019, we
introduced the world's first autonomous operating system. And today, Oracle Autonomous Linux is still the
world's only autonomous operating system.

Now in 2020, we've introduced Oracle Autonomous Data Guard, which effectively eliminates site
downtime. If the data center running your application goes down for any reason, Autonomous Data

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ORACLE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 10, 2020

Guard immediately switches and automatically -- immediately and automatically switches that application
over to another data center. No human intervention is required to keep your application running without
interruption, and no human labor is required to set up and configure Autonomous Data Guard. To use
Autonomous Data Guard, there's nothing to learn and nothing to do. You just have to turn on a single
switch. Only Oracle offers this autonomous reliability feature.

Another unique OCI offering is our dedicated region, Gen2 Cloud at Customer. Customers can now put our
entire Gen2 public cloud behind their firewall in their data center, all of it. It's not just the Oracle Database
behind your firewall, it's every service that's in our public cloud: compute, storage, Fusion applications,
plus the Autonomous Database, Autonomous Linux, Autonomous Data Guard, everything. And we manage
it and maintain it for the customer. You get all the benefits of the cloud, but it's in your data center behind
your firewall. No one, not Amazon, not Microsoft, not Google, nobody but Oracle can give customers a
complete public cloud in their data center behind their firewall.

Our strategic services are growing rapidly. Autonomous revenue grew -- Autonomous Database revenue
grew 64% in annualized consumption. Our Gen2 OCI consumption rate was 130%. We're clearly growing
faster than the market, and we're taking market share in the process.

With that, I'll turn it back to Ken.

Ken Bond
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Thank you, Larry. Erica, if you could please queue up the audience for questions, we'll go to Q&A now.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ORACLE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 10, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research.

Mark L. Moerdler
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Congratulations on the strong quarter and especially on license and margins. I'd like to ask about
the guidance. While Q1 was strong, the economic disruption of COVID-19 is not yet over, and yet
you're guiding what looks strongly. Can you give us some more color on why you feel so confident? And
specifically, are you modeling an increased strength in Database, SaaS, ERP and HCM? How big a factor is
Gen2 cloud in the guidance? Any information would be appreciated.

Safra Ada Catz
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks for the question. So it's really following the path that we were on before COVID really hit
in March. And so we were -- what is going on is very basically an extrapolation of what's happening in
the business. So the things that are going very well and are growing and are getting larger and larger is
everything associated with the cloud. And that does have implications on license because options grew not
only -- Database options grew not only double digits but actually 20-something percent. And Analytics also
grew because, as you know, with Oracle licenses, you can bring them to our cloud.

But in addition, Exadata and some of our Oracle-specific hardware that's very strategic still continues to do
well. But really, the big barn beaters are the fact that our SaaS business is large and growing quickly, and
now, OCI and our Database Cloud products and services are growing and they're getting larger and larger.
And so because we've got annual consumption revenue growing over 100%, and this kind of -- this now
overwhelms the fact that some of our businesses -- I'll give you an example, on-premise consulting. This
business continues to get smaller, and so it's completely overwhelmed by the businesses that are growing
faster.

And commitment to our database is incredibly strong. More and more of our customers want to bring their
Oracle databases to the Oracle Cloud. And then, of course, you have the cases that Larry talked about
where our just Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Gen2 is just so good and so much cheaper and so performant
and secure that more and more applications want to come to that. So that's really what's going on. I'm
not seeing into the future. I'm basically looking at what's going on under the covers, and it's a very easy
extrapolation as our installed bases of our cloud businesses continue to grow.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick with Crédit Suisse.

Brad Alan Zelnick
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. And I'll echo my congrats to the company as well. I want to ask about Cloud at Customer. Clearly,
there's a lot of excitement for how it can enable very large customers to adopt Autonomous Database
and have all the benefits of OCI behind the firewall. And I appreciate it's only really become available in
the last few months. But maybe for Larry, from a product market fit perspective, could you explain why
this is such a big deal? And for Safra, are there any leading indicators you can point to, maybe backlog
or anything else, to help us understand the leading demand for these products and which I assume it
supports your confidence in the overall business accelerating?

Lawrence J. Ellison
Co-Founder, Chairman & CTO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ORACLE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 10, 2020

Yes. I think I can explain it very clearly. So we've been working on Oracle Autonomous Database for
several years. As I mentioned in my preamble, we came up with Oracle Autonomous Database in 2018.
But if you're an on-premise user, there was no way to get access to the Oracle Autonomous Database
until a couple of months ago. So the Oracle Autonomous Database was available in our public cloud and
has been for 3 years, and it keeps getting better and better. But if you're a big on-premise customer, you
didn't have the late -- assets to our latest and greatest database. It was a very strange situation for Oracle
that our latest technology was not available to the vast majority of our customers.

All of a sudden, with Cloud at Customer, with Database Cloud at Customer, at very low prices, you can get
Oracle Autonomous Database and all the latest and greatest features we offer in the database and have it
delivered to your data center behind your firewall. And we think the growth here is going to be explosive.
We had a version 1. I'll just -- full disclosure, we had a version 1 of this that was rather difficult to install
and difficult to use. And version 2 is kind of the extreme opus that we learned a lot. And version 2 is really
a plug-and-play. It goes in very, very fast. And it's very simple to use, incredibly reliable. And we expect
this to be one of the great stories this fiscal year. We think this is going to be triple-digit growth, Oracle
Database Cloud at Customer.

And the other thing is it's just going to preserve our database franchise. There's 2 ways that -- people
are going to make the choice to upgrade and move from their current version of Oracle to Autonomous
Database. And once in Autonomous Database, they're not going anywhere.

Operator

Our next question is from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.

Heather Anne Bellini
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I guess Safra, OCI had a great quarter, and obviously, it's had really impressive growth with customers
like Zoom that you highlighted. Can you talk to us a little bit about the pipeline momentum you're seeing
with OCI as customers accelerate their migrations to the cloud? And also, can you share with us what type
of workloads and applications are seeing the most traction with it? Or is it really broad-based?

Safra Ada Catz
CEO & Director

Okay. Let me start, but I know Larry is going to want to say a few things about this. So first of all, you
have to understand that our Fusion customers are also on OCI, which means that all of the applications
that they want to build themselves, all custom things that are on the Oracle Database, they're going to
be putting them on OCI also. In addition, just realize that many of our database customers stayed on-
premise and waited for us to have OCI Gen2, which is powerful enough, secure enough and scalable
enough for their crown jewels. And they've literally waited. And I know, and I have visibility into sort
of the future, because often they want to do what we call BYOL, bring your own license, but they often
need options. And so I can see their intentions when they're buying those options to bring those database
workloads.

Now it is falling into the same categories that you've seen historically with us. The communications
industry, the financial services industry, all of the industries that have very important high-performance
applications that run on Oracle, they've been waiting to put them at OCI. And so we see that. Now some
of them are putting it into public cloud. Many of them, actually many more than I would have expected,
and then others, are doing Cloud at Customer. And this second generation of Cloud at Customer, now
with Autonomous Database, is just so powerful for our customers. So we're talking about app customers,
database customers, custom applications.

And then there are applications that otherwise just run at some of the competing cloud services that
when they do, just like Zoom did, like 8x8, a whole bunch of others that really use a lot of network, a lot
of compute, may use a lot of storage, may have a lot of egress, back and forth taking data in and out,
they realize that Oracle is both more performant. And since you pay by the minute, the day, the hour, it's

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ORACLE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 10, 2020

much, much cheaper. So we compete at every level of the stack, and it's really very, very, very broad-
based for us.

I don't know, Larry, if you want to talk about -- add some more to that.

Lawrence J. Ellison
Co-Founder, Chairman & CTO

Yes. I'll add a little bit of color. When Safra says our customers waited for us, let me add a little more
information. A lot of those customers actually tried to run Oracle with AWS. They tried. It just didn't work
very well. So they've decided maybe they should wait. And so they did. So they did try. They looked
around, they experimented, but the vast, vast, vast majority didn't work very well. We have an Exadata
cloud service. We have -- Autonomous Database is not available any place but the Oracle Cloud. Exadata
database service isn't available any place but the Oracle Cloud. We're much better at -- you'd expect
us to be much better at running Oracle applications than anybody else, and we are. And a significant
percentage of enterprise applications, I don't know, 40% -- 30%, 40% are Oracle applications. So that's
just a gigantic installed base that we think is going to be moving to the Oracle -- we're starting to watch it
move to the Oracle Cloud. That's one fact. So they tried, didn't work. So they're coming to us.

Next thing. A lot of our application customers, we've got well over 7,000 customer -- Fusion application
customer -- 7,000 Fusion ERP customers. Now those customers are beginning to build data warehouses
around their ERP data. Everyone does. And they're building those data warehouses using Autonomous
Database and Oracle Analytics and the Oracle Cloud using Oracle infrastructure services. The Oracle
Analytics Cloud is in Oracle infrastructure services, in OCI service. The Autonomous Database in OCI
service. So our application customers, pretty much all of our medium and large application customers will
become, in the not-too-distant future, infrastructure customers. A lot -- again, and you've got to add them
onto it. So these are people that are SaaS customers that are going to become infrastructure customers.

On-premise database customers are going to become infrastructure customers, either in the form of Cloud
at Customer or Public Cloud. Then there are the surprises like Zoom and 8x8. And -- but there are more
surprises like that. I think Zoom is a great example because it proves that the Oracle Cloud is secure,
reliable, high performant and economical. They picked it because there's nothing to do with the Oracle
Database. It has nothing to do with them being a SaaS customer. That was just purely an evaluation of
our cloud versus Microsoft's versus Google's versus Amazon's.

And another example of that is high-performance computing, car companies simulating crashes. Now
why would anyone go to the Oracle Cloud to do high-performance computing when you can go to Google
or you can go to Microsoft or you can go to AWS? Well, because we're much faster, therefore -- we're
much, much faster. And therefore, they get the simulations done faster, but they've got to be willing to
pay less. Almost every car -- well, maybe that's too strong. Half the car companies around the world are
now either using our high-performance computing or evaluating our high-performance computing because
we benchmark so well against the competition. And this is all new business, like the video conferencing
business.

So the OCI team did a spectacular job of building a second generation, learning from what Microsoft did,
what Google did, what Amazon did and then building the next generation. And it's so good, we're winning
business everywhere. So -- and again -- and these are very early days. Gen2 OCI is relatively new, and
Gen2 Cloud at Customer is even newer. And these are both fabulous products that I think are going to do
extremely well over the next few years.

Operator

Our next question comes from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.

Raimo Lenschow
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Congrats from me as well. Originally, I wanted to ask about the enterprise edition of TikTok, but you
said I shouldn't ask about TikTok so a different question now. The -- could you maybe discuss -- like, we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ORACLE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 10, 2020

talked about the strength in cloud, but the other thing that stood out this quarter was how much better
you did compared to your peers on the license side. You were up where everyone kind of was down quite
significantly. And you touched on some of the drivers, but maybe you could double-click on some of that
again because that stands really out as something that we haven't seen in the industry.

Lawrence J. Ellison
Co-Founder, Chairman & CTO

Can I -- I'd like to comment on that because I think our license business is really misunderstood. People
think our -- they see license business and they translate in their brain, license means on-premise. That
is not true for us. It may be true for everybody else, by the way; probably is true for everybody else,
but it's not true for us. We have this thing called Bring Your Own License to the cloud. We encourage our
customers to buy licenses -- buy more licenses. And our pitch is you can run those licenses in your data
center on-premise or you can bring those licenses to the cloud and get big discounts running database in
the cloud.

So you cannot look at our growth and our database license business and say that's the old -- a revival of
the old on-premise business. That is not correct. A lot of these people, we have -- when we see -- ULAs
and these big contracts for database, the reason people are buying more licenses, a lot of them -- not
all of them but a majority of them -- is because they have the flexibility of bringing those licenses to our
Public Cloud, to Cloud at Customer and getting big discounts, getting a benefit, getting better prices by
doing that. And a lot of people are doing this. So again, don't translate license to mean not cloud. A lot of
the license is, in fact, cloud as well as on-premise.

Safra Ada Catz
CEO & Director

It's driven -- in fact, it's driven by their plan to move to the cloud. And that is very, very clear because
they're buying the specific options which, as I said, the options number, a very high percentage growth
this quarter, because it's really in preparation for their move to the cloud. But I will also tell you then, that
is available also in analytics and in some of the other technology licenses. So analytics is very strong, the
database option is extremely strong, very much pointing in the direction of moving to the cloud. So that's
really what is driving it. It's not -- it's generally not going to be staying on-premise. Some, of course,
stays on-premise and some will stay on-premise indefinitely, but many companies will be either hybrid or
will be Cloud at Customer or, of course, in the public cloud. And that's really what's going on here, and it's
really quite clear.

Operator

Our next question comes from Derrick Wood with Cowen and Company.

James Derrick Wood
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Congrats on a strong quarter. I wanted to ask about the hardware side of the business. This is the first
quarter we've seen without negative growth in a long time. And to see you hitting 70% gross margin,
pretty impressive and far sooner than what we would have thought. So does this tell us that you're mostly
through bleeding off the commodity pieces and that the majority of growth is driven by Exadata and Cloud
at Customer? And how should we generally think about the directional trends from here in both -- in terms
of growth and margins?

Safra Ada Catz
CEO & Director

Yes. So the hardware growth is entirely dominated by our strategic hardware products, which is really
most focused around Exadata. Revenue in Exadata was up 15%; bookings in our strategic hardware,
also up very, very high double digits. And we have actually an enormous Exadata backlog, really the
largest -- it's actually double what it was -- more than double what it was last year. And the reality is that
this segment is very, very strong. We -- it has now gotten large enough. And the issue for us in Q4, as I

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ORACLE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 10, 2020

mentioned, was really around supply chain. And that's taking a while to resolve itself, but we were able to
make and ship a lot of Exadatas but we have an enormous backlog still behind that. And so that's really
what's dominating.

And of course, what that points to is a commitment by our customers to Oracle. You don't buy an Exadata
to run anything but Oracle database application -- database systems. And that commitment to the Oracle
platform has really shown up in this area. Cloud at Customer is not recognized upfront. Cloud at Customer
is not recognized in the hardware line at all. In fact, it is recognized in the cloud line when they go online
and they consume credit, so -- cloud credit. So it doesn't show up in that on-premise hardware line at all.

Operator

Our final question comes from Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo.

Philip Alan Winslow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Congrats on a great start to the fiscal year. Just wanted to focus on applications, we haven't really talked
about that a lot on this call. Obviously, you gave out some really strong numbers with Fusion Cloud. Safra,
you talked about some of the puts and takes in the overall business. And I wonder if you could talk about
those sort of applications specifically.

Safra Ada Catz
CEO & Director

Sure. I mean really, when you think of our application business, you really have to think about Fusion,
and especially Fusion ERP, HCM, our back office; you have to think about NetSuite. Those are the fastest-
growing segments. And you have to take into account that we have some other things in that business
that are smaller, and some of them are from acquisitions. And that is the less strategic part of our
business. And as that gets smaller, it's sometimes replaced by Fusion. That's why that business is really
doing very, very well because the ERP -- everything Fusion, Fusion ERP, HCM, this whole area really
growing quickly.

I mean what you see is many of our customers, both E-Business Suite, SQL stuff, JD Edwards customers.
But we also see a new phenomena, which is, historically, it would be hard to push a door of an SAP
customer, an SAP on-premise customer, too. But now we find that many of those doors are not only can
be -- basically are already open for us. So as the only provider of ERP in the cloud for large -- medium,
large companies, the Fusion products are really taking off. And so we've been replacing not only our own
products and other companies, but we've made a significant foothold in SAP customers simply because
they're really very frustrated with their -- with the vendors that they have installed on-premise. So this
business for us is an enormous opportunity, and it's really just chugging on all cylinders worldwide, in fact.

Ken Bond
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Safra, and thank you, Phil. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24
hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor
Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call, and we look forward to speaking with
you.

Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Erica for closing.

Operator
Thank you for joining today's Oracle's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your
participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ORACLE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 10, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

