Penn National Gaming, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:PENN
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 06, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS (GAAP) 

0.28

0.55

Revenue  (mm)

1137.00

1274.90

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-05-2021 11:28 AM GMT

96.43

12.13

0.38

1.78

2.71

1217.42

5017.31

5638.83

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

CONSENSUS

(2.10)

0.53

0.29

0.28

- EPS (GAAP)  -

ACTUAL

(1.69)

0.93

0.07

0.55

SURPRISE

NM

75.47 %

(75.86 %)

96.43 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Felicia Rae Kantor Hendrix
Executive VP & CFO

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

Todd George
Executive Vice President of
Operations

ANALYSTS

Barry Jonathan Jonas
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Bernie McTernan

John G. DeCree
Union Gaming Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Joseph N. Jaffoni
JCIR

Joseph Richard Greff
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Ryan Ronald Sigdahl
Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC,
Research Division

Shaun Clisby Kelley
BofA Securities, Research Division

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Steven Moyer Wieczynski
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

ATTENDEES

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the Penn National Gaming first quarter conference call. [Operator Instructions]

It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Joe Jaffoni. Please go ahead.

Joseph N. Jaffoni
JCIR

Thank you, Tina, and good morning, everyone, and thank you again for joining Penn National Gaming's
2021 First Quarter Conference Call. We'll get to management's presentation and comments momentarily
as well as your questions and answers, but first, I'll review the safe harbor disclosure. In addition to
historical facts or statements of current conditions, today's conference call contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which involve risks
and uncertainties. These statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminologies such
as expects, believes, estimates, projects, intends, plans, seeks, may, will, should or anticipates or the
negative or other variations of these or similar words or by discussions of future events, strategies or risks
and uncertainties, including future plans, strategies, performance, developments, acquisitions, capital
expenditures and operating results.

Such forward-looking statements reflect the company's current expectations and beliefs but are not
guarantees of future performance. As such, actual results may vary materially from expectations. The
risks and uncertainties associated with the forward-looking statements are described in today's news
announcement and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the
company's reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. Penn National Gaming assumes no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements.

Today's call and webcast will also include non-GAAP financial measures within the meaning of SEC
Regulation G. And when required, a reconciliation of all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly
comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP can be found in today's
press release as well as on the company's website.

Thank you for your patience with that. And it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Penn National's
CEO, Jay Snowden. Jay, please go ahead.

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Here with me in Wyomissing for her
first official Penn earnings call, at least on this side is our new CFO, Felicia Hendrix. So welcome, Felicia.
We also have Todd George, our Head of Operations, here to help answer questions about our core business
as well as other members of my executive team, who can help respond to your follow-up questions as
needed. As you can see from our earnings release, our core business results are very strong and still
ramping actually as we sit here in the second quarter. Meanwhile, our new online and retail Barstool
Sportsbooks and iCasino offerings in Michigan and Pennsylvania, continue to perform very well.

Further, we managed to fully integrate our industry-leading mychoice player loyalty program across all
of our retail and digital offerings in time to take advantage of this momentum, which has significantly
bolstered our unique omnichannel strategy and competitive advantages.

At our land-based operations, the momentum has continued following the rollout of vaccines and the
ongoing relaxation of COVID-19-related restrictions across the country. Our record first quarter results
highlight the robust recovery in our land-based business. Benefiting from many actions taken in 2020,
we generated adjusted EBITDAR growth of 7% on a revenue decline of 6% over 1Q '19, despite COVID-
related property closures in January at a handful of our Midwest and Northeast properties, nearly a full
closure of Zia Park in New Mexico and some harsh winter weather in the South in February.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

More impressive is our performance in March and April, which reflects the additional easing of restrictions
and an increase in the percentage of people vaccinated. Revenues grew 8% over the same 2-month period
in 2019, while adjusted EBITDAR accelerated 29% to $410 million and EBITDAR margins increased 650
basis points to nearly 40%.

We also note that spend per visit is much higher than it was pre-COVID. In fact, our visitation is now at or
near 2019 levels in most of our markets. Importantly, the younger demographic continues to view gaming
as a compelling entertainment option, while the 55 and over age group has been steadily returning to
our casinos. We illustrate this point in our slide deck on Page 7, where you can see that our 55 plus age
segment continues to gain momentum, particularly in April, while growth from our younger age segments,
21 to 44 has accelerated since the beginning of the year.

Further, unrated play is demonstrating unprecedented growth, which has provided us with the opportunity
to convert these players to our mychoice loyalty program through new member programs and incentives.
Our rated play trends continue to accelerate. This strong top line demand, coupled with the structural
changes we put in place at the start of the pandemic has resulted in remarkable and sustainable margin
improvement even as our interactive business continues to scale.

As it relates to our partners at Barstool Sports, they've been able to maintain their incredible momentum
from 2020 into the new year with strong financial performance in audience growth. Barstool's promotion
of Penn National's retail sportsbooks has driven significant awareness and visitation to our land-based
properties. This is especially true of those properties that have introduced Barstool branded sportsbooks
and we plan to open 6 more of them by the end of this year. In addition, progress continues on the
development of several stand-alone Barstool branded sports bar locations. We're really excited about
these projects, and we're providing much more information along with our partners at Barstool in the next
couple of months.

On March 11, we successfully launched the Barstool Sportsbook app in Illinois ahead of the 2021 NCAA
basketball tournament and just ahead of the return, thank goodness for us on timing of the in-person
registration requirement in the state. The initial results for the first 30 days of operations exceeded our
expectations, thanks in large part to the loyal following of stoolies in the Chicago land area with better first
time deposit conversions relative to what we had generated in Pennsylvania or Michigan.

During this period, we registered 54,700 new customers and generated total handle and gaming revenue
of 67

[Audio Gap]

The power of Barstool's social media reach was on full display upon the reinstatement of the in-person
registration requirement in Illinois as they were able to help us drive an incredible 20,000 registrations
during just a 36-hour period.

Meanwhile, Barstool's creative promotions, exclusive bets, custom parlays, have led to a leading position
in Pennsylvania and Michigan based on handle, GGR and NGR, life-to-date market share, despite limited
external marketing spend.

We expect our low customer acquisition costs, strong retention rates, unique promotions, exclusive betting
features and high adoption among casual betters will drive outsized profitability over the long term. We
continue to over-index a bit on GGR and NGR as compared to handle, and we anticipate this continuing to
be a trend in the aggregate over the long term.

The power of our mychoice customer base, combined with the fierce loyalty of Barstool's audience, has
allowed us to successfully cross-sell our online offerings. In Michigan, for example, over 50% of our online
sports betting monthly uniques, placed a wager on our iCasino product during the month of March, which
was above our initial expectations.

As we highlight on Slide 17, our experience in Michigan has shown that a customer's value increases
significantly when they play on multiple channels, which highlights the benefits of our 100% owned and
controlled omnichannel strategy. With the introduction of online gaming, we've been able to generate

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

twice as much combined revenue as we have traditionally generated at Greektown by engaging with
consumers on our digital products in addition to the physical property.

We are really excited about yesterday's launch of the Barstool iCasino product in Pennsylvania, which
we believe will greatly expand our penetration and aggregate revenue in the state, particularly in the
Philadelphia MSA, where we currently do not have a land-based presence.

Although we are pleased with the initial results of our first-generation Barstool iCasino product, we are
really just scratching the surface of our potential in this space. Over the next few months, we will be
adding significantly more third-party content to our Barstool Sportsbook app, which will increase -- help
increase conversion of our mychoice database in both Michigan and Pennsylvania.

In addition, we recently acquired Hit Point Studios, which will serve as the centerpiece of our newly formed
Penn Game Studios and allow us to create customized Barstool themes as well as casino-branded content
that we believe will lead to an even greater cross-sell opportunities.

Before I hand it over to Felicia for a summary of our first quarter results and a review of our financials, I
want to call special attention to the continued strides we're making on the ESG front. As you know, this
is a topic that's very personal to me, and I know our Board of Directors and my executive team share my
same level of commitment and enthusiasm on taking care of our people, our host communities and our
planet. Highlights from this quarter include the launch of a new $1 million annual diversity scholarship
program. We're looking forward to providing up to 65, 2 and 4-year scholarships this year to the children
of our team members, which reflects our commitment to equity in post secondary education.

In addition, we implemented a supplier diversity initiative with the goal of developing new opportunities
for minority-owned businesses. And last month, we hosted company-wide days of learning -- days of
listening, excuse me, to gather feedback from our team members on all matters of diversity and inclusion.

Finally, on May 15, which is Armed Forces Day, we'll be launching a new initiative to honor our active duty
military, veterans and first responders. We're calling it the myheroes program, which is an exclusive fully
integrated extension of our mychoice rewards program, and it's to provide our nation's heroes, access to
exclusive discounts and offers at all of our properties across the country.

With that, I'll pause and turn it over to Felicia.

Felicia Rae Kantor Hendrix
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Jay. It's great being here and being part of this tremendously talented team. Over the past few
months, I've been asked by many of you what the biggest surprise was for me once I joined Penn. Having
covered the company for over 20 years, I would say that there were more pleasant discoveries than
surprises and 3 stand out. The first is the depth of the bench across the entire company. The level of
talent, creativity and commitment to excellence at Penn is seen in every aspect of the company and at
every level. The second is transparency. Jay's commitment to transparent communication is well-known
and respected by the investment community and that ethos is no different internally. And finally, Penn's
commitments to diversity and inclusion and community service is certainly inspiring.

So with that being said, we're very proud of our first quarter results, especially given COVID-related
closures in January and the late in the quarter reopening of Zia Park. Revenues of $1.27 billion and
adjusted EBITDAR of $447 million after corporate overhead of $24 million, which, as you know, is reported
in the other segment, represented 94% of 2019 revenues and 107% of 2019 EBITDAR pro forma for a full
quarter of Greektown, which is above our previously stated goals.

Pro forma margins increased 434 basis points. Adjusting for the COVID-related closures and excluding
Penn Interactive, our EBITDAR flow-through was even more impressive as our adjusted EBITDAR
increased 12% compared to the first quarter of '19 on a 9% decline in revenues. On this adjusted
basis, pro forma EBITDA margins increased more than 700 basis points. Our Midwest and South regions
reported record EBITDAR and margins in the quarter despite COVID-related closures in January and
uncharacteristically harsh weather in the South in February.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Our performance in the South segment was particularly noteworthy as the region generated margin
improvement of 1,100 basis points compared to the same period in the first quarter of '19. While cost
savings, efficiencies and a rational marketing and promotional environment certainly benefited results, the
less restricted COVID protocols drove revenue growth as compared to the first quarter of '19, which bodes
well for the remainder of our portfolio as regions continue to reduce restrictions and open back up.

Last week, for example, Mississippi removed all mandatory restrictions in the state. In the Midwest,
adjusting for our property closures in the first quarter, that segment also reported an impressive EBITDA
margin gain of nearly 900 basis points despite competitively unfavorable COVID restrictions in certain
markets. Our balance sheet remains a key strength for us. Total liquidity as of March 31, 2021, was $2.7
billion, consisting of over $2 billion in cash and a fully undrawn revolver.

Traditional net debt was $353 million compared to $578 million as of 12/31/2020. Our lease-adjusted net
leverage was 4.5x based on 2019 adjusted EBITDAR.

CapEx in the quarter was $25.7 million, of which $9.1 million pertains to our Hollywood York project that
we expect to open in August. And $1.7 million for our Hollywood Casino Morgantown development that
we plan to open by the end of the year. Despite the ramp in vaccine distribution, the U.S. remains in a
pandemic, which creates uncertainty. As such, we will continue our pause on providing guidance, which we
will reevaluate quarter-to-quarter. I'll now turn it back to Jay.

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Felicia. In addition to these impressive results, we had many other notable accomplishments
in the quarter, including being added to the S&P 500. And just last week, Moody's upgraded our senior
secured rating 1 notch and moved our outlook to stable. As I look ahead, I remain excited about really
every aspect of our business.

The recovery is well underway at our land-based casinos, as evidenced by the strong trends we saw in
March, which continued into the second quarter. Meanwhile, at Barstool, they remain focused on driving
top of the funnel growth. Our differentiated strategy has earned us market-leading positions in Michigan
and Pennsylvania in terms of handle, GGR and NGR, and we remain on track to be live in 8 states by
football season and 10 or more states before the end of this year.

Further, we remain busy at work on a variety of growth initiatives, all with a focus on driving shareholder
value well into the future.
With that, Tina, I'd like to turn it over to you and open the line up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And that first question comes from Joe Greff of JPMorgan.

Joseph Richard Greff
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Jay, on the digital side, maybe you can just kind of start with maybe what you have learned over the
last several months here in the states in which you've launched with respect to customer engagement,
acquisition and promotion, what have you learned about the technology component side of things and any
views of acquiring or bringing that technology in house?

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

Sure thing, Joe. Thank you for the question. Look, there's been a lot of learnings. We just went live, as
you know, in September. And so we got through our first football season, our first March madness, and
we're now live in 3 states. We're going to be live in Indiana here in a couple of weeks in time for the Indy
500 and for the NBA playoffs, which we're really excited about and total of 8 states by football season. So
we're going to be in a much different position by the time we get to football season '21 versus where we
were in September of '20.

Some of the learnings that come to mind. We know that based on our differentiated approach and our fully
integrated media partnership with Barstool, we have the best CPAs in the industry, and it's not even close.
Our CPAs are running well under $100 right now across all 3 states that we operate in, which sets you up
so well for the long-term as it relates to having dry powder and we're going to be a lot more aggressive
in terms of spending to acquire customers as we head into football season '21 than we were in football
season '20 because we now have scale.

We were launching in 1 state a year ago, football season start in September. And this year, we're going
to be in 8 states. So we're going to take advantage of that great margin profile that we have. I think
sometimes it gets lost with all the noise. I think all the focus right now is on monthly handle. And I
think the focus should be much more focused on what is the real strategic differentiation between these
approaches? What does that margin profile look like in the short term, medium-term and long term?

We scaled our business. We have hundreds of people in Penn Interactive and we're live in 3 states. And
you look at our Q1 results and we generated obviously nice revenue growth in Interactive from Q4 to Q1,
and we broke even. Nobody else can say that. And I'm not saying that we're going to break even every
quarter. It's going to be quarter-to-quarter. And certainly, we're going to be opportunistic as it relates
to what we want to do, especially come football season in terms of spending more money to drive more
acquisition.

So TBD, but the fact that we're alive in 3 states and have ramped up our staff the way that we have and
all the expenses that come with launching in states, and you can still break even in an entire quarter when
every other major competitor is burning hundreds of millions of dollars, I think, says a lot. We have a very
different customer mix. If you look at the online offerings, our customer mix is a lot younger. The lion's
share of our audience is 21 to 27 years old. I think that bodes really well for the future prospects of Penn,
both online as well as in our brick-and-mortar casinos.

I highlighted earlier some of the success that Barstool branded retail sportsbooks, you see what it's
doing, not just in terms of driving market share as it relates to the retail sportsbook, where Indiana, as
an example, we have the top 2 retail sportsbooks in the states, but we're also picking up casino market
share. And so just bringing in all of these younger customers, we provided a slide that shows age segment
growth, and we're really thrilled about what we see there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

One of the things that we've obviously learned as well is that we have a very differentiated approach as it
relates to unique promotions and content and the way that we engage and focus on retention is different
than others in the space, and I think that's great for us long term. We've done a lot of work at Penn,
looking at the U.K. model because it's been around for a long time. And you look at what Sky Bet was
able to do from kind of 2008, 2010 that range to where they are today. And they had a very differentiated
approach. That probably wasn't as appreciated in the early days as it turned out to be.

And I think that their approach and our approach are quite similar. We've spent a lot of time on that, and
we're really modeling ourselves on Sky Bet and what they were able to do over time in the U.K. and that
approach was being different.

And then last but not least, we're very focused on product improvement and our tech stack. I think we
have 2 really good B2B partners in Kambi and White Hat Gaming. I don't envy B2B businesses. It's always
tough because you don't own it, but you hear about every problem that ever comes up. And I think there
are certain aspects of our tech stack that we definitely want to have more control over over the long term.
That doesn't mean something is imminent. It just means that we're learning a lot as we're still in the
infancy, and there are certain things that make more sense to have control and ownership of, especially as
it relates to anything that touches the end user.

And we're very active right now. Part of why you see the growth in corporate expense from Q4 to
Q1 is that I've got Chris Rogers and our business development folks, really busy looking at potential
opportunities as it relates to M&A, in partnerships and we also, of course -- I guess, as it relates to the
corporate overhead growth from Q4 to Q1, we're very busy lobbying right now in states like New York
and Florida to make sure that we have an opportunity to operate when all is said and done and the dust
settles.

So I think at a high level, Joe, it's kind of a simple question with a long answer, but we have a
differentiated approach. I think it's going to really prove out here as time goes and the fact that we're able
to have low-teen market share in the states that we've launched in, and we're not losing money, and we're
still scaling the business, I think, bodes really well for the future.

Joseph Richard Greff
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. And then just a follow-up. You have $2.7 billion of liquidity, incredibly low leverage. How do you
use that to your advantage? Are there larger scale acquisitions? I mean, not things like Perryville, but
something that's more needle moving? In which areas are there potential external growth opportunities
driven by M&A?

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I -- and Felicia, feel free to jump in here as well. I love the position that we're in right now as it
relates to the balance sheet. We've never been in a position like this, certainly, since we spun off our real
estate. And to have net traditional leverage of like $300 million is amazing. And to have our leverage
levels at 4.5x. So we have -- we're busy right now, Joe, and I think that there's a few boxes that we'd still
like to check as it relates to technology stack, there's some opportunities that could be small, medium or
large, depending on what you're looking at.

We're looking at all right now. There could potentially be something that's international that comes along
with that technology approach that could be compelling over the long term. And we're going to continue to
look at if there's any other potential sort of widening, broadening of the funnel opportunities as it relates
to acquisition, the Barstool partnership has paid in spades for us. And I think there's some other potential
media organizations and offerings that could make a lot of sense if connected to us with what we're doing
and just make that moat that we've built a little wider and a little deeper.

So we're actively kicking tires on a lot of things. I think you should expect us to be relatively active this
year heading into next year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Felicia Rae Kantor Hendrix
Executive VP & CFO

If I may add, and Joe, thanks for the question on our balance sheet because I mentioned in my prepared
remarks, some things that were pleasant discoveries. And I do want to comment on one other that's been
really evident to me in the short time that I've been here. And I just -- I also don't think it's something
that the investment community is thinking enough about. And currently, that's the power of our operating
leverage and our market-leading levels of free cash flow conversion, which is only going to get stronger as
we grow revenues and EBITDA.

So if you think about it, based on our minimal and stable cash needs today, as increasing revenue drives
higher EBITDA, our free cash flow should grow even faster, and that further bolsters our balance sheet and
puts us in even stronger position to both reinvest in our business and then to pursue the strategic growth
opportunities that Jay just talked about.

Operator

The next question comes from Bernie McTernan of Needham & Co.

Bernie McTernan

Just a follow-up. And Jay, you mentioned being more aggressive to acquire customers in the upcoming
NFL season. I was wondering if you could just provide any color on what you expect it to mean. You
mentioned the virtual sportsbook early on in your prepared remarks, but does this mean more promo, TV
spots, other external marketing or something else?

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

Sure thing, Bernie. Look, I think less traditional is what you should continue to expect from us. I think
they are, for us, unorthodox, but really effective ways. We talked about the Barstool-branded sportsbooks
in the casino. We talked about stand-alone sports bars in key markets. TBD, we're going to have more
to share on that very soon. Investing at Barstool and new talents, potentially new verticals and potential
media partnerships and/or acquisitions, I think we're going to be more aggressive in how we think about
locking up more influencers and affiliates.

And I think there's some sponsorship and partnership opportunities out there that can make a lot of
sense for us as it relates to both digital and our core business. That's the nice thing about having this
omnichannel approach where you control and own 100% of it because we just want to get people into the
ecosystem. And so you can invest in your core business, you can invest in stand-alone on-prem, you can
invest in digital media. And as long as it widens the funnel and brings more people into the ecosystem, we
just want to keep them there, and we're confident we're going to be able to drive really healthy margins in
all aspects of our business. So we really don't care where people decide to spend the majority of their time
and wallet with us.

I would not, Bernie, expect us to be the linear TV and radio competitor to the others. I'm in Pennsylvania
this week. And when I'm here, I listen to sports talk radio, and I'm a s*****, so I watch the Sixers, even
though they let me down every year in the playoffs. And I will tell you that every commercial is noise
about sports betting. I mean, it's overwhelming. You don't even know who's advertising to you. We're not
going to play in that space. I think that is very low ROI return, and I'm a big believer that, that creates 0
loyalty.

I think you're moving promiscuous customers around who are chasing the next promo. And the switching
cost, this is actually something -- I know I'm going on a bit of a tangent, Bernie, but I think it's important
to bring up. Lifetime value is something that's thrown around a lot. And it's interesting because people are
calculating lifetime value as if that customer is going to be loyal to you forever. This is not like switching
cell phone. This is not going from your Apple phone to Android and Apple touches every element of your
life. I'm stuck with Apple forever.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

I can't switch. Switching costs with sports betting apps, takes about 3 minutes. You download the app,
you register, you deposit and then you gamble. And I think what's going to happen over time is that the
winners that have real strategic structural advantages and media integration and loyal audiences, whether
that's some combination of a daily fantasy sports database or a casino database or a very strong following
of a media asset like Barstool, I think those are the ones that are going to have sort of bulletproof market
share as time goes and all of this really aggressive spend on commercials and linear, I don't think that's
going to be the business that sticks around.

I think that's going to be the business that continues to jump from app to app. So that's my perspective.
But yes, we're going to be more aggressive. We finally have scale as we head into football season, but
we'll be doing it in different ways.

Bernie McTernan

Great. Appreciate that. And I do think this is the year that the Sixers will probably get the better of
my Celtics for what it's worth. And then just a follow-up on iGaming. Do you think there's the same
opportunity to kind of, let's call it, Barstool iGaming? If we think about sports betting in Illinois, 54%
of betters using the Barstool exclusives. So showing the content-driven acquisition strategy is working
in sports betting. Is there that same opportunity at iGaming? Like I'd imagine some sort of live deal
with Barstool personalities could be pretty interesting? Or is the opportunity really about converting the
mychoice customers?

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Well, Bernie, you could have been sitting in our boardroom as we had these conversations. And
you saw late last week that we announced the formation of -- sorry, I think it was Monday, actually, the
formation of Penn Studios and our acquisition of HitPoint, that's exactly what we have in mind, and we've
been actually working with HitPoint while we were working on getting the deal done on developing really
bespoke content with our partners at Barstool.

So yes, you should anticipate Dave Portnoy, Blackjack games and Big Cat, craps and roulette and their
dealers and their players and they're interacting and talking with you, and there's all sorts of fun stuff
that we have planned. And I think the other thing to keep in mind is that we launched iCasino in Michigan
because we didn't want to miss out, and we want to make sure that we're giving people an opportunity to
convert from sports into casino.

We would be the first to say, our iCasino product is not today where it needs to be. It's a little bit bare
bones. I think we have 60 different titles and slot and table games that we offer, it's like 1/5 to 1/10
of what our competitors offer, and we're going to get that ramped up. I think, by football season, this
upcoming, call it, September of this year, you're going to see the Barstool iCasino is going to be not just
offering well-known content from the sci games and IGTs of the world, but you're going to see some
content that we created ourselves through our studio.

And I think case in point, if you heard BetMGM talk about how much -- what percentage of their sports
betting audience, they've converted over to iCasino, we're not there yet. We're at 50%. I think they're
at like 70% or 80% or 90% or so. It's a very high percentage. And we need to have better content, and
that's what we're working on. But yes, you should expect us to do much like on the sports betting side.
We're going to do things differently and really take advantage of tapping into that loyalty that comes with
the Barstool name.

Operator

The next question comes from Shaun Kelley of Bank of America.

Shaun Clisby Kelley
BofA Securities, Research Division

Welcome Felicia. Good to hear your voice.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Felicia Rae Kantor Hendrix
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Shaun.

Shaun Clisby Kelley
BofA Securities, Research Division

So Jay, 2 things I wanted to touch on. First, just to stick with online and digital. You talked about the
low-teen market share. And I think we've all been kind of staring at some of the sequential market share
patterns.

And I just wanted to get your kind of thoughts on when you guys launch in some of these -- some of
the new markets, you seem to do exceptionally well, given the Barstool penetration, then we tend to
see things kind of level out a little bit over time just given that where you are in market versus not
and probably some of the follow-through there. Just how are you kind of thinking about that pattern
as it moves over time as you start to gain a little bit more scale across markets? And what should
investors expect kind of as you look at it, what KPIs are you watching to really judge how your assets are
performing?

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

Yes. No, it's a great question, Shaun. We obviously are -- we talk about this every day, and there's a
couple of things to keep in mind. One, take Michigan as an example, it's Uber expensive from a marketing
standpoint right now. Everybody is just -- it's a gold rush for how much you can spend to drive the more
promiscuous customers around from app to app. And we're not playing in that game right now.

And we obviously headed into football season '21 are going to have more scale, as I mentioned earlier.
And so it makes a lot more sense for us to spend more and be more aggressive when you have scale and
you can work on more regional and national marketing approaches as opposed to very localized, very
expensive with very little long-term ROI. So that's one. Number two, I think every market is going to be a
bit different. If you look at our results in Pennsylvania, they've been remarkably consistent. We've been in
that low-teen 12% to 15% market share, whether you're looking at handle, GGR, NGR pretty much every
month since we launched in September.

And so you really don't see the volatility in Pennsylvania. It's been pretty much clock work month-to-
month, for the most part. And the other thing that I would mention is that -- and I don't think this will
surprise anybody, but the Barstool folks, especially when you're talking about Portnoy and Big Cat, their
top sport is football. And I think that what hurt us in Michigan is we launched right at the very end of
football season. We got basically the AFC, NFC championship weekend, a little bit in Super Bowl. And then
we headed into basketball and hockey, which is going to be -- I think we're going to be competitive, but I
think we're probably going to be most competitive during the September through January months because
of football season.

And so the drop-off in Michigan, I think you're going to see that start to self-correct as you get back into
football season, especially with some more marketing spend and efforts to get it ramped up once we have
more scale.

So we're not -- I continue to go back to what matters over the long term. And I think that there seems
to be an overreaction to monthly handle. And I think you need to take a step back and really look at
the strategy, the margin profile, the business model and what does it look like over a period of much
more than a month or 2 and let's get through another football season, give us a second full season to get
through. We've learned a lot, and we're confident with where things are going to shake out.

Shaun Clisby Kelley
BofA Securities, Research Division

And maybe just to switch gears, but we made it, I think, this far without talking too much about the
kind of core brick-and-mortar business. I think, what investors are asking us a lot about is just trying
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

to understand how much of what we're seeing in March and April is truly sustainable in our eyes versus
a lack of entertainment options, some of the stimulus funding, possibly some sort of onetime pent-up
demand.

You guys seem to have a lot of data around that. You've broken it out by cohorts for us. So I just want to
get your thoughts and if you kind of tailor it to both a little revenues and a little bit on the margin front,
too, just trying to kind of get our arms around what's real and repeating versus what's onetime?

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Todd, do you want to grab that one?

Todd George
Executive Vice President of Operations

Thanks, Jay. Thanks, Shaun. Great question. And I think it's what everyone has been asked in our industry
as we've kind of gone through this. So obviously, we're encouraged by the revenue and the EBITDA
performance trends. Revenue, it's a combination of many things. There is obviously pent-up demand.
There's stimulus money in the marketplace. There's a lot of things driving that as well as you acknowledge
the lack of entertainment offerings.

But I would also point to, we're seeing it across all different groups, and that's everyone from unrated
all the way to the high end customers, which are more of your core gamers. Q1 and definitely March
and April, the trends are even more encouraging. In the South, Mississippi as they removed really
any restrictions, we're seeing volumes, visitation, handle drop well over 100% of 2019 numbers. And
and similar, in Louisiana, there was a group of us last week that went to Louisiana and visited 4 of our
properties in Louisiana. And it was amazing to see. It was -- there's -- in a big way, you wouldn't even
realize that there was a pandemic going on. So it was really encouraging to see people out there and
enjoying themselves, having a great time being at the pool, spending time at tables, dining in restaurants.

So it was really where we see the rest of the country going. To your point on margin, in the past, we've
kind of provided a framework of 9,100. And with a goal of saying that on 90% of 2019 volumes, we could
get to 100% of 2019 EBITDA, which really, when you do the math, equates to about a 350 basis point
margin improvement. We obviously feel that, that number is now a little conservative. This has been
discussed internally, maybe more than any other performance metric coming out of the first quarter.

I think, we all got to a point where we feel the margin performance will continue to be driven by volumes.
And as we're holding on to the younger demographic, as we're seeing the 55-plus come in after vaccines,
those volumes remain steady. And through the first now 5 days of May, the trend continues from April. So
very optimistic, very encouraged as we move into the rest of the year.

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Well said Todd. One thing I would add, and Todd sort of highlighted it is, you should anticipate our
margin profile looking a lot like it does right now as long as the revenues continue to be what they've been
in the last couple of months. And that's what we're seeing right now. It's tough to predict what's going
to be in this environment, 3 months, 6 months, 12 months, 15 months from now. But the margin profile,
thanks to Todd and the operations team out in the field, we feel great about how sustainable it is as well
as long as the volumes are there.

Operator

The next question comes from John DeCree of Union Gaming.

John G. DeCree
Union Gaming Securities, LLC, Research Division

Congratulations, Felicia, for hopping on the other side of this conference call.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Felicia Rae Kantor Hendrix
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, John.

John G. DeCree
Union Gaming Securities, LLC, Research Division

Jay, there's a a slide in your deck that talks about your GGR market share at a couple of properties where
you have a rebranded Barstool Sportsbook. And I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about, if
you've seen anything early on, the crossover play from retail sports betting to online sports betting, places
where you have a rebranded sportsbook. Are you seeing those customers play in the retail location?
And then go home and play online? Or are they 2 very different customers? I know it's early, but I was
wondering if you could kind of talk about the value of that retail sportsbook present.

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

Yes. And Todd, you can help me with this one. Here's what we're seeing is that customers that are coming
in to bet in these Barstool-branded retail sportsbooks, many of them, most of them have never been to
the property. And while they're on property, they're engaging in table games, mostly a little bit in slots
actually and a lot in food and beverage, not surprisingly. I think what's most interesting for us is that one
of the things we have not been able to do really at all since we acquired Barstool, and this is something
that Dave and Erika and Big Cat and others and Barstool are the most excited about, as are we, is this on-
prem activation of their audience.

So even though we've opened these Barstool-branded sportsbooks, it's still with very limited capacity
Blackjack games that are every other seat and slot through every other slot and bars are half shut down
or entirely shut down. So when you think about we're seeing early results that are very encouraging,
but I get a lot more excited thinking about how much stronger those volumes can be when we can really
activate the audience. Todd?

Todd George
Executive Vice President of Operations

Yes. Well said, Jay. The only thing I would add, John, really the stickiness to your question, now that
everybody is in the mychoice program. So whether you're spending time with us online or actually at
the property, you're earning loyalty, your earning rewards. So we've seen a nice uptick from there. So
obviously, the brand loyalty, I think, as people find their way back into the casinos, they are over indexing,
if they're gambling with us online as well as in the Sportsbook. So it's a really encouraging trend and
definitely saw a nice increase after everything was folded into the loyalty program.

John G. DeCree
Union Gaming Securities, LLC, Research Division

That's great. That's great, helpful color. If I could ask 1 more, Jay and Felicia on a high level, going back
to one of Felicia's comments before as revenue ticks up in a recovery, EBITDAR will tick up and ultimately,
your free cash flow accelerate and where the balance sheet is today in a position that it hasn't been as
long as we can remember. Jay, I think you were pretty clear in where you would spend investment dollars
in kind of unique kind of tuck-in acquisitions like your content acquisition earlier this week. But the big
picture, the amount of cash flow that we see you guys being able to generate in our model. How do you
think about uses of cash and deploying that cash, the different buckets? I mean, is there an opportunity
to continue to grow and invest in your digital business and perhaps think about shareholder returns or
dividends or even pay down a little bit of debt you have? Just want to kind of get your sense as cash flow
accelerates here, how you'd look to deploy it in addition to reinvesting in the digital business?

Felicia Rae Kantor Hendrix
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Yes. Thanks, John. I think for now, you've all heard Jay talk many times and also today, right, about
investing in the business, and that's inclusive of growing our online channel and solving for our tech
stack. So that's really where we are today. Our cash balance certainly gives us a lot of dry powder to
pursue a number of different growth strategies. But over time, regarding return of capital, that's definitely
something we'll consider down the road.

It's something discussed. But right now, we're very much focused on our growth.

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

I mean if you look at -- John, if you look at -- we don't provide this level of detail month by month, but
the March-April results, we sort of provided a slide. You're looking at roughly a little over $200 million at
the corporate level of EBITDAR, and close to $100 million of free cash flow each of those 2 months. I'm
not saying you should run rate all of that because March is a strong month, and we don't know how long,
what we're seeing now. But the operating leverage of this business is tremendous. And the EBITDAR to
Felicia's point earlier, EBITDAR to free cash flow conversion, I think, is going to be maybe tops or close to
tops in the industry.

Operator

The next question comes from Stephen Grambling of Goldman Sachs.

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Jay, you gave the Sky Bet analogy on the online sportsbook. As you look at your metrics in that segment
across things like size of bet frequency and customer concentration. Without perhaps disclosing those
stats specifically, how do you think you compare to peers in the market? And can you provide any color
on how you think about how fragmented your customer base is as we think about more of a mass market
customer versus perhaps peers more concentrated?

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Great question. And I sort of know what I know, just based on what we have visibility and what we
hear from our competitors, Stephen, so some of this would just be speculation. But in terms of what we
know ourselves is that I mentioned earlier, we know that the lion's share of the sports betters and our
ecosystem are young. They're younger than 30, call it, 21 to 29. They over-index there more than what
I'm hearing competitors say about where their average age is maybe more in the 30 to 35, ours is 25 as
an average age.

And the average bet size, not surprisingly, for us, is a bit lower, especially in Michigan, we're seeing there.
It's -- Illinois and Pennsylvania is sort of where we thought it would be, Michigan, the average bet size has
been lower. But you're seeing our hold rates in Michigan higher. And so we're getting a lot of parlay bets
in Michigan, a lot of casual betting, recreational betting. And I think that's great. That's what Sky Bet has
been doing in the U.K. for a long time. And if you look at Sky Bet's hold percentage over the last 7 or 8
years, they tend to over-index on hold and GGR versus handle.

It's still early to say exactly how that's all going to play out for us, but based on sort of life-to-date in the
states that we've been in and now including Illinois, our hold rates are higher than the competition. And
I think that's because we have a younger, more casual better. And when you think about lifetime value,
I'd rather have an average better at 25 than anything older than 25 because they're in the ecosystem. So
I don't know exactly how that compares to everybody else, but just based on what I've heard, what I've
read from our competitive set and then what we've seen internally, that's what I think the difference is
and how we really do line up quite well to the Sky Bet model in the U.K.

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

That's helpful. And then as a follow-up, this is perhaps asking Shaun's question on the sustainability of
results in a different way. I think you had previously talked about achieving 2019 levels of EBITDA, 10%
lower revenues. Is that still how we should think about maybe sustainable levels of margin improvement?
Or has your view changed longer term, given what you've seen in the business?

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

I think Todd said it pretty well, Stephen, earlier. That now feels conservative based on what we're seeing
in the business. And if revenue levels are sort of at where they're at now, and that's sustained, I think
you're going to see us pumping out margins like we're pumping out now. That's the way you should think
about it.

Operator

The next question comes from Barry Jonas of Truist.

Barry Jonathan Jonas
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

I had a question about Vegas. With the sale of Tropicana to another operator, how do you think about the
need to be back in that market longer term, specifically the Strip?

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

Yes. We -- I think Vegas Strip is a great market. And I think when you look at the Penn story, could you
envision down the road there being a sort of hub-and-spoke as it relates to our on-prem retail strategy?
Absolutely. It has to be the right asset at the right location, and it has to be an asset that we feel like is
representative of a destination that we want to send people to. And we have some struggles with trough,
and that's in the rearview mirror. And it wasn't for a lack of trying and database conversion and all of that.
And I think we actually executed quite well. But at the end of the day, you need to have a property that's
at a great location and is competitive from an amenity standpoint.

So I would say, based on everything that we have going on as a company, it's not imperative. It's not
something that we feel like has to be done, and we have a time line associated with that. But we will
absolutely be taking a look if there's quality assets for sale in Vegas and with our balance sheet and with
our database, I think we feel very comfortable making an investment if it was the right opportunity for
us, but not something that is imminent. We're not out there making offers to people. But if there's a good
asset on the market, we'll definitely be taking a look.

Barry Jonathan Jonas
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Great. And then just as a follow-up, I think a few quarters ago, you mentioned live in-game betting
was lagging some of your internal goals out. Actually, I think it was Felicia's question. But curious where
that is now.

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

I didn't make that out, Barry, I'm sorry, can you repeat that?

Barry Jonathan Jonas
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Yes. I said a few quarters ago, you mentioned live in-game betting was lagging your internal goals. I'm
just curious where you think that stands now?

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Yes. So I think probably for the market, as you look at how popular in-game betting is over in Europe. And
I don't think we get to those levels in the U.S. and part of why in-game is so popular there because soccer
is the most popular sport, which is -- lends itself to in-game betting, basketball would blow your head off
trying to do in-game and football with hurry-up offense can be more challenging as well.

But I do think that you're probably going to end up somewhere north of 50% in-game, and we're not
there. We're more in that 35% right now, which is a little higher than the last time we reported. But I
think it's going to take a little bit of time. And honestly, I think it's going to take having great content and
great product. And we talked about creating more specialized bespoke content both within iCasino and
sports, now that we have created a studio and so that's going to be very focused on in-game over time.
And I think you'll see those numbers continue to grow.

Operator

The next question comes from Ryan Sigdahl of Craig-Hallum Group.

Ryan Ronald Sigdahl
Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division

Jay, you mentioned sub-100 CPA, very impressive there relative to the industry. I guess, I just want
to break that down. I know we've talked a lot about this be very clear, I guess, because there's a lot
of misinformation, I think, about promotions reported by states on a monthly basis versus external
marketing. So how do you think about spend between those 2 promotions and external marketing? And
then has your strategy changed there versus your initial expectations kind of from your early learnings in
Pennsylvania, Michigan, Illinois, et cetera?

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

Yes. No, happy to share that. I mean, look, I I view those 2 as very different. I mean, by definition, CPA
is cost per acquisition. And so that's very much focused on how much did you have to spend to get that
customer to download your app and to place a bet. And I think that from our standpoint, the promotional
spend is much more about retention. We are laser-focused on retention. And that's why I think you'll see
us maybe spend a little bit more on promos as it relates to a percentage of GGR.

It's also very tax-efficient in a number of these markets. And as you're looking at spending hard cash
on paid media that maybe is attracting a little bit more of a promiscuous customer versus investing in
somebody who's already in your ecosystem and making sure they have compelling reasons and compelling
content and compelling promotions to stay within the ecosystem. We view those 2 things very differently.

So CPA for us, obviously, being as low as it is, begs the question of, well, what should it be? I think it
should be higher, but we just want to make sure that we're being thoughtful around what we spend, where
we spend it and that it's going to create long-term ROI. We'll be as aggressive as we need to be as long as
we believe we're attracting customers that we can keep within our ecosystem.

Ryan Ronald Sigdahl
Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division

Great. And then just on New York, mobile sports betting, a fairly complex and confusing licensing structure
there, also expensive. I guess, do you think there's an ROI opportunity for a competitive bid in the state?

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

I think you said it well, Ryan. We view it the same way. It's a conundrum, and we'll have to see how this
plays out. We're very active right now. And talking to a number of our comps there because the way
that this was structured, you can actually go in on bids with multiple platform providers. And so it is
complicated. I think money can be made, but the tax rate, obviously, is going to be hugely important, and
we'll have to see how that plays out. I would say that if anybody can sort of monetize in an environment

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

like that, I think that we're set up better than anybody because of our low CPAs and the fact that we have
such a loyal audience that we don't have to spend money attracting to get into our ecosystem.

So I don't want a high tax rate, trust me, and I don't think a high tax rate benefits the state at all. But if
it's a higher-than-average tax rate, I think that is an environment we know we can still create long-term
value and profitability.

Operator

Our final question comes from Steve Wieczynski of Stifel.

Steven Moyer Wieczynski
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Felicia, welcome. I mean I'm shocked, you don't want to talk about cruise operators anymore in this
environment. So anyway, Jay, I want to ask a bigger picture question around sports betting. And there's
obviously TAM estimates out there that are -- I mean, they're all over the map. And my question
specifically around the gray market money. My question actually is, how do you guys think about attacking
that gray market and converting those folks from a gray market type of setup into a legal entity like
yourselves or somebody else. And do you see this as a risk longer-term that converting those folks might
be more difficult than originally expected?

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

It's a great question. And I think that's an industry question even more than it is a Penn question. And I
think that certainly, our competitors are doing their part by advertising all day every day in the markets
that are legal to make sure people understand that it is now legal and pretty easy. As I mentioned, it's a 3
minute transaction. So I think we all have to -- some of those illegal operators have really good products.
They've had them out there for decades.

And so we all collectively have to continue to create a really good UI/UX and make sure that we have
features and functionality that are as good, if not better, than some of those offshore operators. And I
think, when you pull people, AGA has done this, we've done it internally at Penn as well. And you ask
people, would you prefer to bet with legal versus illegal. It's not like people want to bet, a lot of people
don't know. And so I think some of this over time, Bovada, is that an option? And I think people over time
are going to realize that which ones are legal and regulated and which ones aren't.

But it's not going to happen overnight. I just think what you're going to see is our ability to convert sort of
gray market betters into black market, you're going to see that just continue to grow and get better over
time, especially as more states legalize, we have more scale. The industry has more scale and it becomes
more sort of common knowledge as to where it's legal and where it's not. But I think that's an industry
effort more so than it is even necessarily a Penn effort.

Steven Moyer Wieczynski
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Got it. And then, Jay, I thought it was -- and if you talked about this earlier, I apologize if I missed it, but
I thought it was interesting you talked about or you guys wrote in the release about being -- you talked
about being a disruptor to the gaming industry. And to me, that almost sounds like a threat. So I guess,
can you expand a little bit more about what you guys actually meant by that statement?

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

Well, I don't view it as a threat. So I'll be clear on that. I view it as the way that we look at the space.
And we were a first mover in a lot of areas. We were a first mover in creating the industry's first REITs.
We were a first mover on investing in social casino businesses. We were a first mover in pursuing route
operations when it was at its infancy. When we acquired Barstool, that raised a lot of eyebrows as wow,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

is that going to work? And so I think what we're saying, Steve, or attempting to say is that we've been
disruptive. We're going to continue to be disruptive.

And I think this current environment of convergence of different industries and verticals is a very
comfortable place for us. We like when it's sort of chaotic, and somebody's got to step through the chaos
and figure out how to create a compelling strategy and vision. We think we're set up really well as a team
to do that. We live and breathe this every day. And when I say this, it's not just gaming, it's sports, it's
entertainment, it's media, it's tech. It's all of the adjacent industries that we see coming together.

And we think we're set up really well, and we've got some ideas on how we can really, like I said, sort of
make the moat that we've built, wider and deeper, and you should be expecting to hear more from us on
that.

Operator

I'll turn the call back over to you for any closing remarks.

Jay A. Snowden
CEO, President & Director

That's all I have. Really appreciate everybody taking the time to join us this morning, and we'll be in touch
with all of you soon. Thank you.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask
that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you and have a good day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

PENN NATIONAL GAMING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

