PepsiCo, Inc. NasdaqGS:PEP
FQ2 2020 Pre Recorded Earnings Call 
Transcripts
Monday, July 13, 2020 12:00 AM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.03

1.25

5.34

5.91

Revenue  (mm)

13201.28

15472.04

67350.54

70762.20

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-10-2020 6:37 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

1.51

1.51

1.45

1.03

1.54

1.56

1.45

1.07

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1.99 %

3.31 %

0.00 %

3.88 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

3

4

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Hugh F. Johnston
Vice Chairman, Executive VP &
CFO

Ramon Luis Laguarta
Chairman & CEO

Ravi Pamnani
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

Presentation

Ravi Pamnani
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone, and welcome to this pre-recorded management discussion of PepsiCo's second
quarter earnings results. My name is Ravi Pamnani, and I'm the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
at PepsiCo. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Vice
Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston.

Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We will make forward-looking statements
on today's call, including about our business plans and outlook and the potential impact of the COVID-19
pandemic on our business. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only
reflect our view as of today, July 13, and we are under no obligation to update.

When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported
results. Please refer to today's earnings release and 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and
reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a
discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements.

As a reminder, our financial results in the United States and Canada or North America are reported on a
12-week basis while substantially all of our international operations report on a monthly calendar basis
for which the months of March, April and May are reflected in our results for the 12 weeks ended June 13,
2020.

And now it's my pleasure to introduce our Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta.

Ramon Luis Laguarta
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Ravi, and good morning, everyone.

I'll spend some time today discussing the current environment, our business performance and then
provide thoughts on our expectations going forward given the unprecedented level of volatility that we
currently face. I'll then turn it over to Hugh for additional color on the financial details.

Our second quarter began during the early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic for most of our markets.
As we started the quarter, we set clear, simple priorities to manage the business successfully through
the enormous challenges that were happening with the consumer, customer, economy and operating
environment.

These priorities included ensuring the protection and safety of all our associates, especially our critical
frontline workers, by providing suitable personal protective equipment and sanitizers, conducting health
screenings and implementing contact tracing and social distancing protocols; providing the best service
possible to our customers and competing to win in the marketplace; ensuring that we have adequate
liquidity to run the business; continuing to invest in capabilities that will drive our long-term success;
supporting the communities that we do business in and the people who live in them; and delivering strong
financial results while executing against the above priorities.

Based on this clarity of purpose, I'm pleased to report that our business performed relatively well through
this unprecedented level of change. Specifically, our organic revenue increased 3.3% for the first half of
this year, while second quarter organic revenue declined 0.3%. During the second quarter, our portfolio
worked well as our global snacks business remained very resilient with 5% organic revenue growth, while
global beverages declined minus 7% as increased take-home consumption was more than offset by a
decline in the convenience and gas and away-from-home channels.

Our core operating margin declined by approximately 200 basis points in the second quarter, which
included nearly USD 400 million of incremental COVID-19-related costs to keep our employees safe and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

ensure business continuity. Excluding these costs, our core operating margin would have increased in the
quarter.

The months of March and April were particularly challenging as overall global economic growth was
contracting and restrictions, closures and the resulting impact on consumer mobility had a significant
effect on our performance. However, we saw an improvement in our business performance and channel
dynamics in May and June as population mobility increased after many economies gradually began to
reopen both in developed and in developing markets.

Now turning to our business review for the quarter, I will start with North America. Our snacks and food
businesses performed very well, while our beverage business was challenged but continued to improve its
competitive positioning.

Within snacks and food, we delivered strong organic revenue growth across both Frito-Lay and Quaker
driven by strong category growth and market share gains. Consumer eating habits continued to evolve
with consumers spending more time at home, which benefits the at-home breakfast, snacking and dinner
occasions.

Organic revenue at Frito-Lay North America grew 6%, and we gained share -- market share in salty,
savory and macro snacks in the quarter. Frito's net revenue growth was broad-based across all our
major brands, including double-digit growth in Tostitos, Fritos and Cheetos, high single-digit growth in
Ruffles and mid-single-digit growth in Doritos. Emerging brands such as Bare and Off The Eaten Path also
delivered double-digit growth. Our larger pack sizes and multipacks performed very well as consumers'
desire for variety continued to grow. In addition, Frito's performance in large-format channels was strong,
which more than offset the declines in the convenience and gas and away-from-home channels.

Frito's core operating margin declined in the quarter due to COVID-related costs, including frontline
incentives and higher protective personal equipment and sanitation costs. Excluding this COVID-related
costs, Frito's core operating margin would have increased by 185 basis points.

At Quaker Foods, organic revenue increased 23% in the quarter with a strong share performance across
multiple categories and most brands posting net revenue growth despite supply constraints across a range
of our products. Many categories within the Quaker business delivered double-digit revenue growth driven
by increased breakfast occasions, in-home dinners and baking occasions.

Quaker was also able to increase household penetration during the quarter. And many of our Quaker's
categories have grown even as economies reopened during the later parts of the quarter with consumers
purchasing and incorporating these products into their repertoire of food consumption. We also have
strong plans in place to retain incremental households with marketing and activation plans across the
Quaker portfolio during the balance of this year, including the launch of Cheetos Mac ‘n Cheese this coming
fall.

From a profitability perspective, Quaker's operating profit increased 55% in the quarter as strong
operating leverage drove a 600 basis point improvement in its operating margin.

Now I will turn to our North America beverage business, which had a challenging quarter as we had
expected. Organic revenue declined 7% due to declines in the convenience and gas and food service
channels, which more than offset good growth in other channels such as grocery, mass and dollar stores.
However, our revenue management initiatives enabled strong pricing gains across the business and
within key categories such as carbonated soft drinks and sports drinks. Both Pepsi Zero Sugar and bubly
continued to deliver strong double-digit net revenue growth, while our ready-to-drink coffee products
delivered high single-digit net revenue growth in the quarter. In addition, we gained market share
in ready-to-drink coffee, tea and enhanced waters during the quarter, while our market share trends
improved in carbonated soft drinks, sports drinks and juices as the quarter progressed.

Core operating profit declined due to higher COVID-19-related costs, including expenses for employee
safety, sanitation and frontline incentives, lower volume and unfavorable channel mix dynamics.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

Before I conclude on beverages, I'm also pleased to note that our transition and integration process with
Rockstar and the distribution of Bang Energy is nearly complete. We have very strong growth and market
share ambitions with respect to this highly profitable category and intend to use the depth and breadth of
our portfolio and distribution capabilities to improve our execution and store presence.

Our energy strategy will consist of 3 elements, specifically: we'll look to accelerate the performance
of Rockstar, which has further room for growth; we will expand the distribution of Bang and improve
execution in the marketplace; and we will unlock the potential for MTN DEW to expand in the energy
category.

Now as we look ahead for North America, we expect our overall business to perform well, assuming there's
no large-scale disruption in economic activity or population mobility as a result of the recent surge in
COVID-19 infections in many markets. With this in mind, we expect our snacks and food businesses to
remain resilient, albeit with some moderation in growth, while our beverage businesses should deliver
better performance during the second half of this year.

From a channel perspective, we've seen an improvement in the performance of the convenience and gas
channels since the latter part of the second quarter. Food service trends have also improved, but this
channel continues to be in decline and would likely take a bit more time to recover. Most of our remaining
traditional channels have continued to perform well, while our e-commerce U.S. retail sales doubled in the
quarter.

Now moving on to our international businesses. Our second quarter results, which incorporated the
months of March, April and May, were significantly impacted by the timing of COVID-19 restrictions and
closures, which varies by country and by region. As we saw in North America, our international snacks
and food businesses proved to be more resilient than beverages, with an increase in organic revenue
growth of 2% in snacks versus a decline of 5% in beverages. Across our developed markets, organic
revenue increased 18% in Germany, 9% in Australia and 3% in the United Kingdom. And in developing
and emerging markets, organic revenue increased 30% in China, 8% in South Africa, 7% in Brazil and 3%
in Mexico.

Our SodaStream business also posted another quarter of strong double-digit net revenue growth as
consumers are increasingly enjoying this environmentally friendly at-home platform.

With respect to our competitive position, we improved our year-to-date market share of snacks in Mexico,
China, Brazil, U.K., France and Spain, whilst we held or improve our market share of beverages in the
United Kingdom, Germany, Poland, Mexico, Brazil and Thailand.

Much like in North America, our international business trends began to improve during the month of May
as some businesses and economies reopened. In addition, our snack business has remained very resilient.
However, we do expect an uneven recovery in international markets as a greater level of macroeconomic
uncertainty will likely persist due to varying responses and measures by country to address pandemic-
related impacts and population mobility, a greater volatility in travel and tourism trends and greater
differences in disposable income and affordability. These are 2 metrics we'll be keeping a very close eye
on as we consider -- as and when we consider surgical adjustments to offer great value in lower-income
markets.

To summarize, we're pleased with our overall results in what was a very difficult environment. We remain
committed to leveraging our strengths and principles, what we call The PepsiCo Way, to help guide our
business leaders and associates in both good and difficult times. This includes reinforcing our culture in
a manner that encourages our associates to act like owners with integrity and get things done quickly.
We believe acting on these principles will enhance our standing with customers, with communities and
employees.

We also continue to prioritize and invest behind our Faster, Stronger and Better framework, which
encompasses our brands, supply chain and go-to-market systems, manufacturing capacity, capabilities
and culture and our society by integrating purpose into everything we do.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

To continue our journey in becoming faster and best position ourselves to navigate in the current
environment, we've instituted an even greater focus on capturing more opportunities in the marketplace
and improving value share; rethinking what value and affordability means for our consumers and rapidly
adjusting our offerings when necessary; simplifying our portfolio and commercial programs and making
resource allocation adjustments to win with our customers and our consumers; and also making calculated
growth investments in priority markets that can enable us to emerge even stronger after the crisis.

As it relates to becoming stronger, we are putting an even greater emphasis on our businesses to have
a zero-based spending mindset in which we must earn our budgets. In doing so, we continually identify
savings and use them to fund new investments; prioritizing critical initiatives that will transform the
operating capabilities of the company for the future such as accelerating the digital transformation of the
company; and finally, reevaluating and stress testing are the less critical investments, always seeking to
optimize the investment portfolio for higher returns.

And then becoming better involved raising our ambitions to become Planet Positive; continuing to
integrate purpose into our business strategy and brands; and supporting and strengthening our local
communities and promoting social justice, 2 topics that I will briefly expand on today.

With respect to our communities, we have announced more than $60 million in investments to help
communities around the world stay healthy and safe during COVID-19, which includes initiatives to help
feed families and seniors, increased medical care and testing, expand access to government support and
provide technology for remote education and work.

To promote social and economic progress, we have also announced more than $400 million set of
initiatives over 5 years to support Black communities and increase Black representation at all levels of
PepsiCo and amongst our partners and our suppliers. We believe these initiatives comprise a holistic effort
for PepsiCo to walk the talk of a leading corporation and help address the need for meaningful long-term
change in our society.

To conclude, we believe that PepsiCo is well positioned to adapt and succeed over the long term. We will
continue to collaborate and leverage learnings across our entire organization to build on our strengths,
many of which had been advantageous for us both pre- and post-pandemic, including large, well-known
brands that consumers love and, most importantly, that consumers trust; strong positions in growing
categories with expandable consumer traits;, an agile supply chain with strong local sourcing networks; a
flexible and advantaged direct store delivery go-to-market system; and a highly experienced set of global
business leaders who have the empowerment, the knowledge and agility to make rapid decentralized
decisions to meet the needs of the local businesses.

Before I turn it over to Hugh, I want to again acknowledge the hard work of all our employees throughout
this year. They have worked tirelessly to satisfy our customers and consumers. And I'm extremely proud
of the dedication and efforts.

With that, let me now turn it over to Hugh.

Hugh F. Johnston
Vice Chairman, Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Ramon, and good morning, everyone.

As Ramon mentioned earlier, our second quarter results were impacted by disruptions due to retail
closures and other restrictions put in place as a result of COVID-19. In addition, our business experienced
higher labor, personal protective equipment, logistics and service costs associated with COVID-19. These
costs, coupled with an adverse channel mix shift in key markets, impacted our operating margin in the
second quarter. We expect some of these costs to persist and remain committed to making the necessary
long-term investments to support our employees and customers while also investing in capabilities that
drive competitive advantages for our business.

To mitigate some of these challenges, we have accelerated our efforts to control what we can. This
includes tightly managing our discretionary expenses, reducing nonessential advertising and marketing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

and spend to reflect the realities of the current environment and optimizing our pricing wherever possible.
We have also reduced the complexity of our product offerings by prioritizing high-velocity SKUs to
maximize production capacity.

However, it remains difficult to predict exactly how consumer habits and macroeconomic conditions will
evolve for the balance of this year. Based on what we can currently project for the full year 2020, we
continue to expect our annual core effective tax rate to be approximately 21%; total cash returns to
shareholders of approximately $7.5 billion, comprised of dividends of $5.5 billion and share repurchases
of $2 billion; and we now expect foreign exchange translation to negatively impact our reported revenue
and core EPS by 3 percentage points based on current market consensus rates. Our expected cash returns
reflect a 7% increase in the annualized dividend per share that began in June. This represented the
company's 48th consecutive annual dividend per share increase. With respect to our liquidity and balance
sheet, we believe that we have ample flexibility to meet the investment needs of our business and return
cash to shareholders.

Now as we look ahead to our third quarter, we expect our organic revenue to increase within a low
single-digit range, which incorporates the geographic perspectives and channel dynamics that Ramon
referenced earlier. We expect our core operating margin to contract, albeit at a less severe rate than what
we experienced during the second quarter as greater costs associated with keeping our employees safe
persist. And we expect foreign exchange translation headwinds to negatively impact our net revenue and
core earnings per share performance by 3 percentage points.

With that, we conclude our prepared remarks for today. We thank you for your time and the confidence
you've placed in us with your investment.
I invite you to listen to our live question-and-answer webcast, which will begin today at 8:15 a.m. Eastern
Time and will be available at pepsico.com. Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

