Philip Morris International Inc. NYSE:PM
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 21, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.13

1.21

Revenue  (mm)

6871.11

7153.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-21-2020 1:39 PM GMT

7.08

4.10

1.41

5.32

5.72

7535.11

29991.40

31440.71

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.33

1.36

1.21

1.13

1.46

1.43

1.22

1.21

9.77 %

5.15 %

0.83 %

7.08 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Martin Gray King;Chief
Financial Officer

Nicholas Rolli
Vice President of Investor
Relations and Financial
Communications

ANALYSTS

Adam Justin Spielman
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Gaurav Jain
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Pamela Kaufman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Robert Amos Rampton
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Vivien Nicole Azer
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Philip Morris International First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
Today's call is scheduled to last about 1 hour, including remarks by Philip Morris International management
and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]

I will now turn the call over to Mr. Nick Rolli, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial
Communications. Please go ahead, sir.

Nicholas Rolli
Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Communications

Welcome, and thank you for joining us. Earlier today, we issued a press release containing detailed
information on our 2020 first quarter results. You may access the release on www.pmi.com or the PMI
Investor Relations app.

A glossary of terms, including the definition for reduced-risk products, or RRPs as well as adjustments,
other calculations and reconciliations to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures; additional
heated tobacco unit market data; and our business transformation metrics are at the end of today's
webcast slides, which are posted on our website. Unless otherwise stated, all references to IQOS are to
our IQOS heat-not-burn products.

Comparisons are presented on a like-for-like basis, reflecting pro forma 2019 results, which have been
adjusted for the deconsolidation of our Canadian subsidiary, Rothmans, Benson & Hedges Inc., effective
March 22, 2019.

Today's remarks contain forward-looking statements and projections of future results. I direct your
attention to the forward-looking and cautionary statements disclosure in today's presentation and
press release for a review of the various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
projections or forward-looking statements. Please note we now also include additional forward-looking and
cautionary statements related to COVID-19.

It's now my pleasure to introduce Andre Calantzopoulos, our Chief Executive Officer; and Martin King, our
Chief Financial Officer, both of whom will be available for the question-and-answer session. Andre?

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Thank you, Nick, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen. These are unprecedented times for all of us, and
I hope everyone listening and their families are safe and well. I would also like to express our deep
appreciation for the life-saving efforts of medical, social and other frontline workers during the COVID-19
pandemic.

Our main focus at this time is on the health and well-being of our employees, their families and the
communities in which we operate. We've implemented stringent policies and measures to minimize risks
for those who continue to work in our facilities and offices. For all our employees, including those working
from home, providing guidance and support is also essential.

We recently announced a new set of guiding principles to reassure employees of the company's
commitment to job security throughout the global pandemic period in 3 areas: employment stability,
financial stability and special recognition. The strength and spirit shown in these challenging times by
the people that make up our organization is a real inspiration to me and the Philip Morris International
management team, and I would like to take this opportunity to thank them for their outstanding efforts.

Indeed, our people continue to generate ideas on how they and PMI can contribute skills and resources
to the wider societal effort. Ongoing and planned initiatives in more than 60 countries include providing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

protective equipment to our trade partners, support to care communities, procurement support
to purchase items essential to fight against COVID-19 and financial support to institutions and
nongovernment organizations working to end this crisis.

In addition, our employees in many countries are volunteering to help elderly, low-income and other
at-risk population. And some of our factories are producing hand sanitizer and masks for their local
communities.

Lastly but very importantly, we have also taken steps to ensure the continuity of our supply to our
customers and consumers and to support our suppliers through this challenging time.

Let me now comment on the overall impact of COVID-19 around business and outlook before I hand over
to Martin, who will cover this impact and the performance in the quarter in more detail.

We started the year with a very strong first quarter with minimal disruption to business performance
and continued structural growth momentum. While we have had a number of temporary shutdowns
at different manufacturing facilities and some additional complexities in our route to market, we have
activated contingency plans where required to ensure sufficient inventories and consumer access to our
products. Allied to a healthy balance sheet and liquidity position, our ability to generate cash will allow us
to continue investing in our business, retire maturing debt and pay dividends.

Turning to the outlook. The inherent uncertainty in the global economic picture makes forecasting much
more challenging than usual. With social isolation measures placing day-to-day life on hold for much of
the world's population, this temporarily impacts our operating environment. The most direct effect is on
duty-free sales due to reduced travel, with additional impacts from delayed IQOS user acquisition and
regulatory price enforcement in Indonesia. In total, this is likely to have a negative impact to our 2020
currency-neutral performance, with recent exchange rate movements a further drag.

As visibility on the duration and extent of lockdown measures across the world is extremely limited, we
are withdrawing our annual forecast and replacing it with quarterly guidance where visibility is relatively
better. Martin will talk through the key moving parts and our EPS guidance for the second quarter when
the most impact is likely to be felt. We're confident the strong momentums on IQOS user acquisition
shown in recent quarters will start to resume as restrictions ease. In the meantime, our digital and
commercial agent allows us to serve our existing adult consumers, maximize the conversion of adult
smokers under the prevailing circumstances and tailor our investments as required to optimize costs.

There is also considerable uncertainty as to the magnitude of the economic consequences of the current
situation and the speed and shape of the recovery, including the impacts on disposable incomes and
employment. While it's too early to fully assess potential effects on market dynamics in terms of
consumption and down-trading, we have to assume there will be some impact.

We also sense in certain developing countries difficulties in ensuring business continuity for some smaller
general trade players, which may lead to localized out of stocks. However, as in previous times of
economic and social turbulence, we expect to show resilient performance through these challenges.
Martin?

Martin Gray King;Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Andre. I'll start with a headline summary of our first quarter performance, which was very
strong in terms of like-for-like ex currency growth, before any pandemic impact.

We estimate COVID-19 effects, primarily distributor and trade inventory movements, accounted for 2
points of net revenue growth, 110 basis points of adjusted operating income margin and 6.8 points of
adjusted diluted earnings per share growth. Heated tobacco unit shipment volume grew 45% to 16.7
billion units, reflecting continued broad-based share gains. Total combined shipment volume decreased by
a modest 0.6% on a like-for-like basis, benefiting from inventory movements.

Currency-neutral net revenues grew by 10%, reflecting the volume growth and positive geographic mix of
HTUs, in addition to a strong combustible tobacco pricing variance of 7.7%. This robust revenue growth,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

combined with a positive margin mix, scale effects of higher HTU volumes, cost efficiencies and cost
phasing, drove a 510 basis point increase in our adjusted currency-neutral operating income margin and
30.1% growth in currency-neutral adjusted diluted EPS. This excellent start to the year, with encouraging
progress in both our combustible and reduced-risk product businesses, is particularly important as we
consider the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.

While we expect our core existing operations to continue performing well, there are 3 main areas of
expected impact from temporary changes to our operating environment, in addition to the impact of
currency movements, which I'll come back to.

The first and likely longest in duration is on duty-free sales due to severely curtailed global travel. For
context, PMI Duty Free with a market share of 37% contributed almost 4% of our 2019 net revenues. It
also enjoys higher unit margins relative to the global average given the skew to premium brands such as
Marlboro and HEETS. Consumer offtake trends exited March with declines of over 80%, and we expect
similar trends to continue until travel starts to recover. Due to the premium skew of our duty-free sales,
we assume that only a portion of the volume will be recovered by our own brand portfolio in local markets,
usually at lower margins.

The second impact is on the rate of IQOS user acquisition. Lockdown measures and other restrictions
hamper our ability to engage adult smokers. Our IQOS retail touch points are currently closed in a
number of markets. And even where open, retail footfall is significantly down. Our investments in
digital capabilities over recent quarters are now coming into their own, and we are reallocating further
commercial spend to digital where required.

Our commercial sales experts and coaches, although very limited in terms of physical consumer
engagement, have a number of tools at their disposal to conduct virtual guided trials. However, based
on trends since lockdown measures were introduced, we expect our rate of user acquisition to be, on
average, around 50% lower than previously anticipated for as long as widespread restrictions continue.
Variations by country also make the mix difficult to project. To be clear, we believe this is a delayed rather
than lost growth, and we expect the strong underlying momentum witnessed in recent quarters to pick
up as restrictions ease. Importantly, given our digital capabilities, we do not expect customer retention or
conversion rates to be affected.

For illustrative purposes, each 1 million users acquired have an annualized consumption of around 5 billion
heated tobacco units and, using pre-COVID market mix including device sales and cannibalization effects,
would generate, on average, over $350 million in net revenues and over $200 million in incremental
contribution.

We are also able to flex our commercial initiatives. And accordingly, the timing of plans for IQOS VEEV, our
improved e-vapor product, and the licensed KT&G products later this year could be delayed depending on
how events unfold.

The last main area of impact is in Indonesia. As explained previously, 2020 was already a year of catch-
up on excise tax and pricing. A positive structural element of the new excise tax was a larger percentage
increase at the mid to low segment of the market, with a new minimum retail selling price due to come
into effect on April 1. However, the government has now said the enforcement of the new minimum price
is delayed until June due to COVID-19 restrictions. The prolonging of unfavorable price caps is an added
headwind for the risk of down-trading, the timing of price increases and for our market share.

While the effects of pandemic-related measures on our operating environment, such as travel restrictions,
are tangible, there is greater uncertainty as to the social and economic impact on consumer purchasing
behavior during the crisis.

In developed markets like the EU region or Japan, which tend to have strong social support programs, we
have so far observed only a limited impact. There have been instances of pantry loading in certain markets
around the introduction of restrictions. However, these have been generally short lived in nature and had
a minimal impact on Q1 performance, with distributor and trade inventory movements being the bigger
influence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

In certain developing markets, the high prevalence of daily wage workers, lower resources for social
support and thus greater fragility of incomes create more vulnerability. We observed some initial signs
of down-trading and reduced daily consumption in some countries. The most significant for us are
Indonesia and the Philippines, the latter of which had the added dynamic of being a stick market. We
have to assume these trends will temporarily continue while pandemic-driven restrictions last. As Andre
mentioned, given less developed route-to-market infrastructure, we also sense potential difficulties in
certain emerging markets for some smaller general trade outlets, which may lead to temporary localized
out-of-stocks.

Our own manufacturing and distribution operations continue to function well despite current challenges.
This is made possible by the incredible efforts of our supply chain and market teams who have
implemented a number of contingency measures with regard to production and customer supply. On
average, inventories of our products remain healthy with over 2 months for heated tobacco units, over 3
months on IQOS devices and over 1.5 months for cigarettes, including distributors.

After the 1-week suspension of production at our Bologna HTU facility in late March, all our HTU factories
are currently operating with sufficient capacity. Around 20% of our cigarette production capacity is
currently affected by temporary shutdowns. However, we do not currently foresee any out-of-stocks in
major operating income markets. One watchout is Argentina, where we will be facing out-of-stocks if the
factory does not reopen soon.

Given investor focus on the liquidity of listed companies in the current environment, I want to highlight
our robust position. We continue to have ample liquidity sources through the ongoing cash generation
of our business, cash on hand and access to commercial paper. Our $7.5 billion revolving credit facility
remains undrawn. Our balance sheet remains strong with a well-laddered bond portfolio and net debt of
1.9x adjusted EBITDA as of March 31, 2020. We repaid $3.6 billion of maturing bonds during the first
quarter and distributed a total of $3.6 billion in dividends to shareholders in January and April. We also
expect that strong cash flows will exceed cash requirements, including the funding of dividends to which
we remain fully committed.

Our ability to invest appropriately in our business and retire debt is fully intact. However, further
deleveraging of our balance sheet at prevailing exchange rates may be somewhat delayed versus our
previous expectations.

It's also worth mentioning that our cost-efficiency programs continue and that we remain well on track to
deliver over $1 billion in efficiencies by 2021. These programs are also flexible, and we are reprioritizing
activities as events unfold. Related to this, we expect to reduce capital expenditures to approximately $0.8
billion for the year, with the reduction unrelated to RRP investments.

We turn now to guidance. As covered in our earnings release, we have withdrawn our previous reported
diluted full year 2020 EPS forecast of at least $5.50, which, absent COVID-19, our business was well on
track to deliver. However, as we stand today, there's simply not enough visibility on the duration or extent
of lockdown and social isolation matters and their wider consequences to provide a sufficiently reliable
full year earnings estimate. Given comparatively better short-term visibility, we are therefore introducing
quarterly guidance 1 quarter forward in its place.

As previously flagged, we already expected a weak second quarter notably due to an unfavorable prior
year comparison, market dynamics in Indonesia and cost phasing. We also expect the biggest quarterly
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in our business to occur in the period, which we additionally factor in.

Consequently, we expect Q2 2020 reported diluted EPS to be in a range of $1 to $1.10. This forecast
assumes unfavorable impacts of $0.12 for currency at prevailing rates, reflecting the devaluation of many
of our operating currencies vis-á-vis the U.S. dollar, notably including the Russian ruble, the Indonesian
rupiah and Mexican peso; $0.10 for inventory movements, primarily reversals from the first quarter;
$0.09 for lost duty-free sales, net of domestic sales recapture, assuming no recovery in global travel
in the period; and $0.05 to $0.15 for the delay in Indonesia minimum price enforcement; and other
COVID-19-related factors, including temporary reductions in daily consumption and down-trading in
certain developing markets.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

These assumptions also reflect ex currency net revenue declines of approximately 8% to 12%, with the
expected decline being wholly attributable to COVID-19-related impacts, including on device sales.

Let me now run through some of the main elements of our first quarter performance. We estimate
that total international industry declined 2.9% in the period. However, we recorded a total like-for-like
shipment volume decline of only 0.6%, with cigarette declines of 3.8%, largely offset by the impressive
45.5% growth of heated tobacco units with notable contributions from the EU region, Japan and Russia.

Excluding the net favorable impact of estimated distributor inventory movements, our total in-market
sales volume declined by 3.7%. Inventory movements reflect 2 main factors: firstly, the prior year
comparison where shipment volume in Q1 2019 were below in-market sales; and secondly, net distributor
inventory buildup in Q1 2020 to mitigate the risk of COVID-19-related disruption. Importantly, our HTU
in-market sales volume increased by 3.9% sequentially versus the fourth quarter, reaching over 17 billion
units in what is typically the lowest-volume quarter of the year.

This strong performance means that heated tobacco units now make up nearly 10% of our total shipment
volume as compared to 8% in 2019 and almost nothing in 2015. We expect this proportion to grow further
as our positive momentum on RRPs continues.

Turning to our financial results. Net revenues increased by 10%, excluding currency, driven by pricing
in combustibles, a favorable comparison versus Q1 2019 and growth in heated tobacco units. We
estimate the COVID-19 effect of higher trade inventories and, to a lesser extent, consumer pantry
loading contributed around 1/5 of the growth in net revenues, operating income and EPS. We recorded a
strong combustible tobacco pricing variance of 7.7% with no significant impact of COVID-19 and notable
contributions from the GCC, Germany, Mexico, the Philippines, Russia and Turkey.

Adjusted operating income increased by 25.5% ex currency, while currency-neutral adjusted operating
income margin grew by an excellent 510 basis points. This strong margin expansion was driven by RRP
scale effects and favorable geographic mix for HTUs. Additional drivers include pricing in combustibles,
cost phasing and the underlying impact of cost initiatives.

Adjusted diluted EPS increased strongly, growing by 30.1% excluding currency. With regard to
currency, we should point out that the unfavorable impact of $0.13 in the first quarter includes $0.07
of transactional impact occurred in March primarily from the revaluation of euro- or dollar-denominated
payables in certain markets such as Russia, where the local currency has seen a significant devaluation.
Such effects would only recur in future quarters if further sharp devaluations took place.

RRP net revenues reached $1.6 billion or close to 22% of PMI's total net revenues, with IQOS devices
accounting for approximately 10% of RRP net revenues.

Turning now to market share. Our total international share was slightly lower at 27.9% with higher share
for heated tobacco units, which reached 2.9%, offset by lower share for cigarettes. The share of our
cigarette portfolio declined by 1.1 points, reflecting continued adult smoker out-switching to IQOS, a lower
share notably in Argentina and Indonesia due to price gaps with tax-advantaged local competitors, trade
inventory movements in Pakistan and an unfavorable prior year comparison in Turkey.

Let's turn to Indonesia, where industry volumes declined by only 0.6% in the first quarter due to trade-
loading effects, which are likely to reverse in the second quarter. Pricing was taken on all main premium
and mid-priced brands, with PMI price increases since October of 2019 representing approximately 85%
of the weighted average pass-on of the 2020 excise increase. Our share declined despite a recovery in
premium A Mild due to smaller price gaps with directly competitive brands. These gains were outweighed
by our mid- and low-priced brands, which lost share to super low-priced manufacturers who were tax
advantages due to smaller scale. It follows that the delay in the enforcement of the minimum selling
price extends this temporary share headwind. The prevalence of daily wage workers in Indonesia also
introduces some uncertainty as the effects of social restrictions on daily consumption. As such, we have to
assume the total market decline will be higher than our previous estimate of 6% to 7%.

Turning now to RRP performance. We estimate that there are -- there were 14.6 million total IQOS users
as of March 31, representing the addition of more than 4 million adult users since the same time last

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

year. We further estimate that 73% of this total or 10.6 million IQOS users have stopped smoking and
switched to IQOS, with the balance in various stages of conversion. This reflects widespread user growth
momentum across all key IQOS geographies, including Japan, Russia and the EU.

The overall share performance of IQOS HTUs continues to see excellent progress. Indeed, in international
markets where IQOS has been commercialized, IQOS HTUs were again the third-largest tobacco brand in
the first quarter with 6.6% share, increasing from 5.5% in Q4 2019. This was achieved despite not having
full national distribution in a number of markets.

In the EU region, first quarter share for HEETS reached 3.9% of total industry volume with an estimated
0.2 points due to consumer pantry loading. On a sequential basis, share growth was also very strong,
increasing by 0.7 points, with in-market sales volume 13% higher compared to Q4 2019 despite a
typically lower quarter. I also refer you to the appendix, where we show shares by key EU market and
global key cities.

IQOS continued its strong performance in Russia with HEETS share up by 3.5 points to reach 6.5%. On a
sequential basis versus the fourth quarter of 2019, HEETS share increased by 1.5 points while in-market
sales increased by 3%. With limited social restrictions in Russia in the period, there was minimal estimated
impact of pantry loading.

In Japan, our total reported share for heated tobacco units increased by 2.1 points to reach 19.1% in the
first quarter supported by the launch of IQOS 3 DUO and line extensions in our Marlboro HeatSticks and
HEETS lineups. On an adjusted total tobacco view, including cigarillos and adjusted for trade inventory
movements, the share of our HTU brands increased by 1.1 points versus the prior year quarter and by 0.6
points sequentially to 17.7%.

Q1 2020 adjusted in-market sales volumes for our HTU brands grew 6.2% compared to an adjusted total
tobacco market, which declined by around 1%. This helped drive growth of the overall heated tobacco
category to a first quarter total tobacco share of over 24%.

Lastly, following the 2019 launch of IQOS in the U.S. through our commercial arrangement with Altria in
March, we submitted a supplemental PMTA for the IQOS 3 device to the FDA to further support the efforts
to convert U.S. adult consumers who would otherwise continue to smoke. FDA's review of the company's
modified-risk tobacco product applications for the IQOS tobacco heating system, which is separate from
this PMTA application, continues.

Let me now hand back to Andre for closing remarks. Andre?

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Thank you, Martin. In summary, the continued strong underlying momentum in our business, especially
the impressive growth of our reduced-risk product, is again evident in our first quarter results. The
world has clearly now changed with considerable uncertainty as to the development and duration of
the pandemic and its economic and social consequences, including those which impact our operating
environment and our consumers.

Our business has historically proven remarkably resilient, and we believe we can deliver a solid
performance under the current challenging circumstances. Importantly, we remain confident in our
structural midterm growth prospects and, when these headwinds have passed, expect to resume growth
consistent with our 2019 to 2021 compound annual ex currency growth targets of at least 5% net revenue
growth and at least 8% adjusted earnings per share growth.

Crucially, our organization, liquidity and balance sheet are strong. We'll continue to protect and support
our employees, serve our consumers and reward our shareholders, which clearly includes our strong
commitment to a dividend. We remain resolute in our strategy for a smoke-free future and are convinced
that we'll emerge stronger from this crisis.
Thank you. Martin and I are happy now to answer your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Pamela Kaufman of Morgan Stanley.

Pamela Kaufman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I hope you are all doing well. I was hoping to get an update on where you're seeing the most significant
impact on new IQOS user growth in 2020. And is there any markets that are surprising you in terms of the
resilience of IQOS performance in the current backdrop? And then separately, are you seeing a negative
impact on IQOS usage among existing users?

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Okay. Let me take a minute to give some context here on what we are going to discuss during the call,
okay? The first thing is that we do not see any structural business fundamentals kind of problem. It's more
delays, slowdowns, as you mentioned, in the acquisition and one-offs during the duration of the pandemic.

The second thing, we have assumed that in this quarter, because that's what we can see, we will have
lockdowns continuing essentially through the end of April and the vast part of May, with some gradual
recovery during the month of June and then it continues. Okay? So that's important to remember when
we discuss the context. So what we observe with a high degree of certainty is the duty-free impact
because there is no traveling essentially worldwide.

The second thing we've seen, to your point, Pam, is a slowdown in the acquisition of IQOS that varies
market to market, obviously, because some have stricter restrictions and others much less. So we have
big differences, I would say, between Japan, we're almost operating with normality with some slowdown;
and Europe, where we have more slowdown as physically our coaches cannot engage with people and
our stores are closed today. So that's why I'm saying on average we are around 50%, sometimes higher,
okay? So I find this, given the circumstances that the people are confined at home, to be very resilient
actually, especially since, as I said, stores are closed and the coaches cannot physically interact with
people, and that's the right thing to do. We see a much bigger -- a high sale through our digital channel.
And as Martin said, we are gearing more and more resources from the other channels, obviously, to those.
That's for acquisition.

For retention, we don't see any problem. Actually, in certain markets, we see people increasing average
daily consumption and retention rate. And some who are dual use have been reduced during this period.
So there is no issue from that perspective. And we don't have also an issue regarding the sales of IQOS hit
the tobacco units in the market.

So I don't know if I answered your question.

Martin Gray King;Chief Financial Officer

I'll just add to that, Pam, that we're also not seeing any drop-off in conversion rates.

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Yes. Actually...

Martin Gray King;Chief Financial Officer

We're holding conversion rates. In fact, they're looking quite strong. So the underlying business and
retaining consumers and converting consumers is going great. Obviously, your ability to have the face-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

to-face interaction has a little bit slowed down, but we're switching as fast as we can to more digital
channels.

Pamela Kaufman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And then how should we think about the balance between your planned cost savings realization for this
year and the investments that you're making in the business to drive IQOS adoption? Are there delays in
your cost savings plans? And I guess how are you thinking about changes in timing of your investments
and what you're investing behind?

Martin Gray King;Chief Financial Officer

Well, the first principle that we've undertaken is that your investments need to align in the new situation.
In other words, we are, if anything, putting more money into those aspects which will help us recover
momentum and get back to growth as soon as the lockdowns end, hence the focus on where we can
add some investment around digital and around the programs which will have a bigger impact later.
But clearly, we've gone through our projects as well to see which ones are hampered by our inability to
operate right now and need to be retimed and move some of the spending further later in the year or even
into the next year. And we've also looked again at our list of projects to prioritize the ones that maybe
had not as good a return and try to mitigate some of the impacts of what we're seeing from the COVID
related.

So overall, our cost savings are on track. If anything, we will accelerate some as we can. And then our
investments part is also lining up to the new situation and giving us the biggest bang for our buck. So we
are looking long term and looking towards the growth momentum that we can attain as we come out of
this.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Adam Spielman of Citi.

Adam Justin Spielman
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

So I have 3 questions, if I may. The first one is about illicit and cross-border. So I'm a little bit surprised --
I'll rephrase it. I would have expected the clampdown on borders and transport to result in much reduced
illicit cigarettes and also illegal cross-border. And I would have thought that would be quite a positive
impact in Q2 and Q3. But you haven't mentioned it. So I guess am I wrong? Or is that a positive impact?
How should we think about that? That's the first question.

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Okay. Again, Adam, some of these things we try to lay out are based on observations. And you are
right, our markets report some reduction in illicit trade for the reasons you mentioned. Now we cannot
cautiously take the European Union as 10% illicit trade and say this is going to all disappear and appear in
the domestic market. So we may see some, but -- and reasonably so. But I'm not sure we have baked this
all in the numbers because we are just 3 weeks essentially in the month of April and I prefer to remain a
bit cautious. But you are right, we are observing this, and we should see some impact.

Adam Justin Spielman
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Okay. So that's very helpful. Next question is on Indonesia. You -- obviously, the minimum price was going
to be imposed on April 1. You've now talked about that being delayed till June, but I noticed you don't
give a specific date. Is it possible -- or how likely do you think it is that it's delayed further if we see really
quite a nasty recession in Indonesia?

Andre Calantzopoulos

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Global CEO & Director

Well, I'll ask -- generally, what we know is the government said that because they cannot send inspectors
out to inspect physically outlets because of the COVID, they have to delay, and they gave a date that is
June. That's not any firm date in June. So if they get out of the situation of restrictions earlier, I assume
they will do it earlier. If it continues, it may continue a bit longer. That's why we have uncertainty in this
call as a matter of principle. Now I don't know, Martin, you want to add something.

Martin Gray King;Chief Financial Officer

No, it's exactly right. It's a matter of when they can get out there and start inspecting. It's not a matter of
not wanting to do it. It's purely for their issue with their inspectors.

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Now in Indonesia, we have this. And obviously, in Indonesia, is in the category of these developing
markets. Martin mentioned in his remarks and myself that we have a lot of casual labor. Many people
work on a daily salary essentially. And if they can't work, clearly, their consumption has to adjust to the
situation. So we have to assume here that we may have some impact also on consumption coming from
COVID.

Other Southeast Asian markets can be infected, Africa as well. So we observed this phenomena, and we
had to make a forecast in our numbers of what that impact is going to be. You all appreciate, it is rather
difficult. And if I take, for example, a market we know very well, like the Philippines, this confinement
clearly has some impact also in daily consumption. Also, it's a very broad trade with very small players.
Sometimes they run out of stock. And if we take markets with stick sales also, if we have an average stick
sale -- an average consumption of sticks of 9 per day, you go to 8, that's a 10%, 11% impact temporarily
on the market.

Now how precise to be on this? I don't know. That's why we gave a broad range in these areas. I think
some will happen. It's where -- the people are not going to be immune to the confinement. That's why we
try to bake some numbers in. And I think it's reasonable to assume it at this stage. If it's better, it's better.
Third question?

Adam Justin Spielman
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Do you just -- following off on that, Andre. So I hear people with -- I'm not talking about Europe, which is
obviously much more profitable for you. I hear people -- some people saying, people at home will smoke
more. They're anxious. They're bored. They're not traveling. They end up smoking more. And I hear other
people saying they smoke less because of a concern about the impact on possibly capturing -- catching
this disease. Do you have a view as to sort of what individual consumption will do? And I'm thinking more
developed markets than EMs now in the lockdown?

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Well, in the developed markets, we don't see any impact on consumption. You appreciate it's early days,
and you don't have data on a granular consumer research. But all of the elements you outlined are
correct. Technically, people staying home have more opportunities than when they are in the offices for
the people that work in offices. But we don't -- shouldn't forget in certain countries, you are with family
and children. So also, you have to be a bit more respectful. So one may compensate the other that's why
we don't see any change in the pattern at this stage.

But we all need to appreciate, guys, that I think we've been through many crisis and difficulties. But
having people confined at home and not going out is not a situation we have ever faced, and some
adjustments may happen in the daily consumption. I don't think that's structural or anything else. We
know that markets recover in cigarettes after crisis. But this, I have no experience to be very surgically
precise. But everything you described is correct.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

And if we go to developed market -- the developing market, I mean, we also saw in some countries, as
I said, more IQOS use at home, okay? Because people are more respectful of families and children and
so on. So that's where we are today in the developing markets. As I said, okay, we also need to know
in some cultures, smoking in front of parents and some women may be less -- more reluctant to fully
consume. That's compensated, obviously, as you say, by some opportunities more. So all in all, that's the
best estimate we can make today. And I'm trying to be as transparent as possible on what we know at this
stage.

Adam Justin Spielman
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

And then final question, just very quickly. In the spirit of transparency, I know you're not giving EPS
guidance for the full year. But can you at least say what the FX impact would be? I mean should we just
take the $0.13 in Q1 and the $0.12 you've guided to for Q2 and then put another 2 quarters of $0.12? Is
that how should we should think about the FX for the full year on EPS?

Martin Gray King;Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Adam, that's pretty close. If you do Q2 estimate of $0.12, it will be roughly that in Q3 and Q4 at
prevailing exchange rates, $0.11, $0.12, something like that.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer of Cowen.

Vivien Nicole Azer
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I just wanted to double back to, Andre, some of your comments on down-trading. Obviously, this
is market-by-market commentary. But I'm just curious, in any market where you've seen it pretty
apparently, has it happened faster than, say, like the last financial crisis? Or if it was an Asian market
relative to a SARS? Or any other kind of market disruption that you see?

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Well, first of all, the only down-trading we can say we've seen is the continuation of what's happening in
Indonesia due to the price gaps, okay? Here is my assumption that some may happen. Now on one side,
you say some people, if they have less disposable income for a period of time, and I'm still referring to
developing countries, they may down-trade for a period of time.

On the other side, we know in periods of uncertainty, especially the current one, people go for trusted
brands from safe sources, and they tend to trust the known brands. So that's contradicting what I said
previously, and you need to find the right balance. That's the same thing as about illicit trade. It's not only
availability of illicit trade, there's also no trust in the sources of illicit trade that may reduce it. Because
there is this tendency to buy what is essential and what is trusted, okay? So I assume some down-trading.
I'm not saying I've seen it, okay?

Vivien Nicole Azer
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

That's helpful. As you think about kind of the quarter-to-quarter guidance, Martin, that you're going to
be offering, implicit in there, it seems like you guys are taking an appropriately conservative approach
around volumes and changes in per capita consumption. Can you comment at all around the underlying
assumptions around price elasticity embedded in your 2Q EPS guidance?

Martin Gray King;Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I mean when you look at the second quarter, for example, we already had expected a pretty weak
second quarter due to the dynamics out there on how we were wrapping pricing in Turkey, for example,
where you had big market gains before in the previous comparable period against a 40% price increase

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

that we've had since then. We were looking at Mexico with a different timing on the price increase and the
way the trade inventories were working and being a pretty big headwind.

So we already looked at Indonesia. We knew that the big impacts were coming in Q2. So the Q2 guidance
we're giving is actually, if you unpick it, it's actually what we had expected before. It's purely the COVID-
related. We would have ended up without COVID after the first half being right on track with our full year
numbers and hitting 9.5%, 10% EPS growth, right in with what we had thought we would end up for the
full year. So when you go forward and say, what are we going to do for the rest of the year, we're going to
basically be giving you each quarter, one quarter ahead, what the COVID-related impacts are and trying to
adjust to new news around lockdown timings and recoveries from consumers and so forth. And that's what
we thought was more prudent given that the underlying business is in fine shape. We're doing exactly
what we thought, but it's very difficult to predict how this COVID-related piece is coming out. So we can't
really give you the full year look right now, but we can give you each quarter ahead as best we predict
what will happen given the latest news that we have.

Vivien Nicole Azer
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Understood. And then just a follow-up on that, and then I'll drop back into the queue. But as you think
about the COVID-specific-related impact to 2Q, are you assuming a degradation in price elasticity just
given some of the potential headwinds to the consumer given unemployment rates?

Martin Gray King;Chief Financial Officer

No. We have some -- as Andre mentioned, we have some watchouts in there around average daily
consumption, around down-trading in certain markets, but it's not really a price elasticity point of view.
As far as pricing goes -- price timing, we have to be cognizant that in the case of lockdowns and in certain
periods, it may not be wise to take some of the pricing at exactly the same timing we had in the original
plan. So we will have to look at the timing of pricing in certain markets. In some markets, we will likely
need to delay some planned pricing. On the other hand, we will look forward out into the year and see
what we can do to try to compensate for that.

So it's more around timing of price increases that have to be rephased and rescheduled, and there may be
-- likely will be some lower total pricing during the year than what we had originally planned just because
you run out of runway once you give up some of the windows due to the lockdowns, et cetera. You run out
of runway to make up for some of the pricing that you will not be able to take over the next, say, couple of
weeks, months because of lockdowns.

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

I mean all those are assumptions at this stage, but they are not relating to price elasticity. In my view,
it's restating to, do you go and will governments allow that you take in 1 or 2 places a price increase in
the middle of the crisis. I don't think psychologically, from a consumer point of view, is the right thing. So
these are a couple of months' or a month's delays, okay? But in the vast majority of the places, we don't
see any price elasticity in the short term.

Now in the long run, I don't know what the impact of COVID is going to be on the world economy. But if
the world GDP comes down substantially for a longer period of time, you may need to revise elasticities.
But as you know, in cigarettes, it's very rare that we need to revise elasticities, except in very big price
increases.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Gaurav Jain of Barclays.

Gaurav Jain
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

So I have a couple of questions. So one is just on your -- the supply chain and your factory footprint,
inventory levels. Do you think the current crisis changes the way you think on those issues long term?

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

That's a very good question that doesn't only apply to us, okay? I said it many times, resilience equals a
little bit of redundancy in the system in general. And thank God, we had inventories and we had action
plans to obviously build inventories as we saw the crisis arrive and materials and everything necessary to
make it happen. Not sure that's the case for every business with just-in-time deliveries and trying to -- so
I think that would be a learning here for everybody.

Now as you know, in our business, as I said, we operate with fairly large inventories of tobacco by the
nature of the business. And we had the capability and the flexibility to build sufficient inventory. I think
that -- I don't see anything that we should revise at this stage on our footprint given the fact also that,
in cigarettes, we are limited by trade blocks and import duties. So we think it's rather optimal. But as a
cautionary principle, because I don't think COVID will disappear in one afternoon, it will come back. We
have to have the caution that this may be repeated to have the scale it was repeated this time because we
are absolutely not ready as humanity for that. But we have to take our own conclusions of how we build
even more flexibility in the system.

But so far, I think we've done pretty well. And you don't see what is behind the scenes on keeping
everything flowing, but I think the guys in the company have done miracles given the circumstance.

Gaurav Jain
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Sure. My next question is just on IQOS device pricing. Do you think the upfront pricing will become an
issue to acquire new consumers in a recessionary environment?

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Well, I think we can adjust the pricing obviously when necessary. My view is pricing plays a role in the
IQOS acquisition, but as I said many times, it's also a lot about convincing people to make the step. And
sometimes pricing is the excuse. If you remember the remarks we made in February, the only place we
can really see, they need both to have a tiered system in terms of device pricing. And at a certain stage,
in terms of consumables is Russia, where in certain cities, we are reaching really the limits of the premium
consumer. And we are doing this with IQOS 2.4+ being at the bottom end of our range, although more
expensive than any other competitor.

But as we always said, we maintain flexibility on this, and we can adjust pretty rapidly once we recover
business. Just now, that's not our issue. Our issue is more the limited ability to have the contact with the
consumers at the point-of-sale.

Gaurav Jain
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Sure. And if I can just sneak in one last one. So you have given this range of $0.05 to $0.15 EPS impact
from the delay in minimum price enforcement in Indonesia and COVID-related costs, including down-
trading. So should I read it that $0.05 is the impact from minimum price enforcement because that you
have visibility on? And the range, the extra $0.10 ranges because of the issues around down-trading and
other COVID costs because you don't have visibility on those?

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Well, I think we should look at this as one piece rather than trying to cut it because I don't have a super
exact science in dissecting this. So it's an estimate. But as I said, even if we look at the other numbers in
there, even if I take inventories, we assumed in inventories that the buildup for safety stocks we've done

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

in certain countries investing in the course of the month of March will be fully paid back. Now it may not
happen. And we also assume a reduction in inventories that we've seen in certain countries and duty-free
because retailers got a little bit worried about the situation. We will not recover them during the quarter.

So we put probably the worst scenario in there to be on the safe side. But all these are flexible things.
It's -- I can't predict them entirely. So we tried, as I said, I repeat, to be as transparent as possible in this
day given the uncertainty and I will stay there because me venturing any particular number, I can only be
wrong.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I just had a question, if I could. First of all, you tend to see some seasonality in your shipments between
1Q and 2Q and 3Q. And I'm just curious how social distancing, social isolation, those kind of things would
affect that sort of seasonal lift you normally see in the second quarter. I guess you mentioned that you're
not seeing much of a change in daily consumption rates. Could that change going forward if these social
isolation moves remain in place?

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Well, I mean, notoriously, the first quarter of the year is the lowest-consumption quarter in every tobacco
product, okay? So even if we look at the in-market sales of IQOS, we have to put them in this context by
definition, okay? And that's why that, in my view, they're even better than somehow the numbers so in
absolute terms, okay?

Now what is going to happen in the second quarter other than what I explained, I can't say -- we don't see
in most of the markets any change in average daily consumption, except for the developing markets that
have the specific things that I mentioned. We have not measured it. And it's very difficult if I pick a market
like Philippines, okay? Yes, there is some sales decrease just now.

It is possible that it is part of the average daily consumption because it's a stick sales market, and people
have less money. It's also possible that in some areas, we had some temporary out-of-stocks because it's
a cash economy with a lot of retailers going to wholesalers to buy. And until the whole system recombines
and starts working properly, it takes some time.

So I couldn't attribute the lower sales, if you wish, to only average daily consumption. But I have to
assume people that don't have a job for a period of time and they cannot have the daily salary, they
will buy less for a period of time. And in my example, I said, okay, if the average daily consumption is 9
cigarettes in stick sales and you go to 8, it's a big decrease for a month or for weeks, okay? That's how I
see.

Now if we assume we come out of the crisis gradually as of June, we should see the situation coming back,
okay? And probably the economy that can recover faster is this casual economy because it will just -- the
limitation of people to move and do business as usual. Once that resumes, I assume we will recover this.

Now the question is temporary, as I said, and we don't know how temporary is temporary. It's not unlikely
worldwide that we'll see an ease by government because now the health systems start getting to a point
they can handle an increased number of cases. But we may have another slowdown in 6 months. God
knows, okay? So that's why we said we'll give quarterly reviews. And as we advance, if we have any better
data for the shareholders' meeting that is forthcoming, we'll give you an update as well. We are learning
as we speak. But I don't see any structural event. That's all I'm saying.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

I did want to ask very quickly about your outlook for the second quarter, you talk about IQOS devices,
device sales being down. You do have a lot more users year-over-year. You don't expect to accumulate as
many users as well. I get that. But I'm just trying to understand what would cause your device sales to be
down in the second quarter. Is that just a function of the less incremental users? Or are there any returns
or that kind of thing going on as well?

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Well, it's primarily due to lesser acquisition during the period, okay? Also, as I said, as the device life
expectancy increases over time, we have less replacement. But clearly, during this period, our focus has
been and we repurpose part of our sales expert. If there is a problem with a device, we repurpose the
people to do the delivery and service the consumers. So we don't have an issue from that side, and I think
we're doing a pretty good job from that point of view. But it is essentially related to lower acquisition as
we have assumed if it happens.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And just one quick follow-up, which would be -- just to understand, embedded within your guidance
for the upcoming quarter, for Q2, there presumably are lower costs as well, whether it be lower -- less
travel and lower maybe SG&A cost, that kind of thing as well as obviously you've kind of changed your
IQOS investment plans here as well. So is that sort of incorporated in the guidance? Have you framed that
and you've got a lot of cost savings coming through as well? Can you frame those factors that are helping
support Q2 earnings on top of the negative effects you have coming through?

Martin Gray King;Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I mean the Q2 number range we gave you was all in. It includes our best estimate for basing of cost
and spending, including the additional focus on digital and some of the other areas where we can invest
now to help us retool and be able to recover more quickly. So that number is all-in because it includes
things like, yes, lower travel, other cost-spending categories that just aren't happening because people are
working differently. It's all in there, yes.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

On IQOS, and I think you even touched on digital demonstrations, could you just...

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Can you just start from the beginning because you broke at the beginning of the question so...

Martin Gray King;Chief Financial Officer

Could you repeat your question, Michael? We -- you were breaking up at the beginning of your question.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Yes. Sorry. You mentioned using more digital for IQOS, and I think you even touched on digital
demonstrations. And I guess I just would love to understand maybe how creative and flexible you can be
there. Do you mean a case where you deliver or loan a device to the consumer to try it at home? Or is
that just watching someone do it online? Or how should we think about how robust your digital interaction
can be?

Andre Calantzopoulos
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Global CEO & Director

Yes. We do loan devices obviously with super-accrued sanitary measures for the devices that are new. So
-- and then we do the guided trial by digital means. The coaches or the sales experts are operating from
home and teaching the consumers. Apparently, the consumers may have a bit more time, so it's much
easier to do it than in normal times as well. And that's how we operate. And I think I was surprised that
we maintained such high level.

It may be a blessing, I would say, because that helps everybody, consumers on one side and our
organization, to move more and more into digital and learn in this crisis that you can do a lot of things
from remote as we are learning by operating from home, by the way. So that's a good thing. And maybe
we can further increase the sales this way, which over time will allow us to optimize the infrastructure
costs that we have. Gotten a boost, I would say, in a direction we are going in any case.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. Great. No, that's helpful. And just one more on IQOS. Can you -- you mentioned in Russia and the
EU that you already had lower device prices in this past quarter. Can you just describe what actions you've
taken there? And are those temporary or permanent price resets?

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

I'm sorry, I'm not sure we changed our device prices. What's on promotion...

Martin Gray King;Chief Financial Officer

I think it's more of a comparison year-over-year.

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Okay.

Martin Gray King;Chief Financial Officer

Chris (sic) [ Michael ], because we had some adjustments on device prices in the second half of last year,
but we're now comparing and lapping towards the first quarter of last year when those adjustments hadn't
occurred. When you come into the second half, I think you'll find the device pricing much more stable
versus the prior year.

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Yes.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Robert Rampton of UBS.

Robert Amos Rampton
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I have 2 questions. The first is looking at your 2Q '20 revenue assumption, can you let us know what the
assumption was before? I think you mentioned that 1H would have been 5% ex-COVID, which I guess
would have implied 3% for 2Q. Is that thinking correct?

Martin Gray King;Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Q2, absent COVID impacts, net revenue would have been pretty much flat, up a little bit. But the
impacts of these other volume events that I mentioned like Mexico comparison, Turkey comparison, the
impact of Indonesia were already going to pull our combined volumes down minus 5.5% or so, 6%. And
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

therefore, the net revenues would have been just a little bit positive, not much, but a little bit positive.
Almost flat, right?

So what you're seeing now with the COVID-related impacts layered in is already built on a fairly weak
quarter base that we had flagged already going back to CAGNY at the year-end call as well.

That's the first quarter, so you have to look at the 2 in context and take -- and that's why I made the
comment that if you average the first 2 quarters, absent the COVID impacts, we were right on track with
our guidance, even, frankly, a little bit ahead.

Robert Amos Rampton
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Got it. That's very clear. And then, I guess, the longer term, I mean, think about '21, '22, should we start
to expect excise tax increases and maybe governments closing the tax gaps as they look to raise revenue?

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Look, we haven't seen any of those things today obviously. I think governments will look for money, but
they also know that regular tax increases are the best way to maximize revenues. And frankly speaking,
if we look at the packages the world is pledging to deploy, I don't think cigarettes will cover even an
infinite fraction of this. Now this is something to watch. This is pretty clear, but we have no signs today of
anything of this nature, okay? That's all I can see at this stage.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our final question will come from the line of Bonnie Herzog of Goldman Sachs.

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

I just wanted to clarify something that you said a lot earlier in the call. You touched on this, but I wanted
to clarify in terms of recruiting the users for IQOS that if you're able to touch consumers virtually and
converse with them, you're not seeing any reluctance from them to convert to IQOS in this environment.
So that's the first clarification. And then assuming your recruitment efforts for new users of IQOS remains
pressured for the rest of Q2, as you discussed, just trying to understand how you see this impacting your
core cigarette business.

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Well, I think the -- first, to your first question, I haven't heard of any difference in the -- what we call the
adoption funnel. Once a person is contacted typically with very high purchase rate because very often,
the people that come to the stores or the digital assets are people that are aware and frankly convinced.
And obviously, the ones that come to our digital channels now are the most convinced. So actually, maybe
we're higher. I don't have the numbers we can come to you than we used to be on average before, which
is the norm.

Now cigarettes is a bit more difficult to predict. Clearly, I see for IQOS, the momentum is there. And
once we can resume the direct contacts also to people, we'll get back to on track because I don't see any
change in the momentum. I'm very impressed actually that, during this period, we are where we are in
terms of new consumers switching to IQOS.

If you look at cannibalization rates, obviously, there will be less cannibalization if there are less acquisition
of IQOS. But if that lasts a couple of months, I don't see that it will dent any of the two, okay? The rest is
all the micro things I discussed during the call, the temporary reductions in average daily consumption in
some places. And then, obviously, depends on where the world is going to end, this crisis, we will see if
there is any longer-term recessionary impact. But as you know, cigarettes are very resistant to recession

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

in general. So it's more a question, a very long-term perspective, which today is very difficult for any of
us, frankly speaking, to evaluate. But we don't see any change in the dynamics.

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then I may have missed this, but should we assume that your IQOS HTU volume
target of 90 to 100 billion sticks is still reasonable by 2021? I know there's a lot of uncertainty, but do you
still -- are you still leaving that, I guess, target out there?

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

If the restrictions last for the quarter, I think we're still okay. If they last for a year, obviously, we need to
delay the whole thing by a certain period of time. I think the underlying trajectory is there, okay? So for
the moment, I think that's how I see it.

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then just a final quick one for me in terms of marketing spend. You mentioned on the call that
you guys are adjusting and investing more dollars in areas where you think you're going to get the biggest
buck, if you will, probably digital. But I'm curious about the total dollar spend in 2020. I think you had
targeted incremental, was it $300 million to $350 million this year? And I'm just curious if that amount
has changed at all given everything?

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Well, just now this investment in quarterly basis is a bit slowed down obviously because we don't have
all the opportunities available. And obviously, we have flexibility because it is variable. Now at this stage,
we need to see when we come out of the crisis. And if we need to double up, if you want resources for a
period of time in order to catch up and if that makes sense from an investment point of view. So we have
flexibility there. If there is no opportunity, we will not spend all this money. And obviously, it will move to
next year. And that's how I see it.

Just now, it is a slower spending obviously in relative terms despite the incremental investment in digital
that is reallocating money.

Operator

And that was our final question. I'll now turn the floor back over to management for any additional or
closing remarks.

Andre Calantzopoulos
Global CEO & Director

Okay. Thank you all for joining the call. I understand these are exceptional circumstances for all of us. I
would like to say that we don't see any problem in our business fundamentals. Actually, they remain very
strong. I believe all of these things are temporary, but the temporary is the uncertainty. We try to be as
transparent as possible and give you as much granularity as we can. I think, overall, as far as the PMI
operations are concerned, we are in fairly good shape given the circumstances. And I hope that we move
out of the crisis as soon as possible so we resume business. But overall, I think the outlook for me on the
longer term is -- remains the same. It's very positive. And we are very committed short-term to make
sure that our operations continue, our employees are safe. And I think we've done well there because
that's what will make our business stronger when we come out of the crisis.

So we'll keep you up to date. As I said, we have the shareholders' meeting. If there is any news, we'll let
you know. And bear with us in this period of uncertainty.

Nicholas Rolli

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Communications

I have one final comment, Andre, if you permit me to. I want to let everyone know, this is Martin's last
earnings call as Chief Financial Officer. As I think most of you know, he'll be taking on a new role as
CEO of PMI America. So I think I speak for everyone at PMI, the organization, certainly, the finance
organization that works with him on a day-to-day basis, to thank him for his service, his commitment and
his good sense of humor. We'll miss that, but we also look forward to welcoming Emmanuel Babeau as our
new CFO as of May 1 and joining us on these calls in the future. So congratulations, Martin, and best of
luck to you in your new role.

Martin Gray King;Chief Financial Officer

Thank you very much, Nick.

Nicholas Rolli
Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Communications

So that concludes our call for today. Thank you very much. If you have any follow-up questions, please
reach out to the Investor Relations team. Thank you. Stay well. Stay healthy. Thank you.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does today's conclude conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

