PulteGroup, Inc. NYSE:PHM
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 23, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.70

0.81

15.71

0.83

3.42

3.82

Revenue  (mm)

2320.00

2294.98

(1.08 %)

2642.53

10628.88

11618.38

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-23-2020 12:10 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.82

0.92

1.10

0.70

0.86

1.01

1.14

0.81

4.88 %

9.78 %

3.64 %

15.71 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Debra W. Still
President & Chief Executive Officer
of Pulte Financial Services

James P. Zeumer
Vice President of Investor
Relations & Corporate
Communications

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Alan S. Ratner
Zelman & Associates LLC

John Gregory Micenko
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

John Lovallo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Michael Jason Rehaut
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Truman Andrew Patterson
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q1 2020 PulteGroup, Inc. Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would like to now hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jim Zeumer. Please go ahead, sir.

James P. Zeumer
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Great. Thank you, Joanne, and good morning. I want to welcome you to PulteGroup's first quarter
earnings call. Although sadly, most of the conversation will be about the impacts of the COVID-19
pandemic. In that regard, I certainly hope that you are all well and staying safe. Today's call is a little
different, given we have PulteGroup participants located in a number of locations. So I apologize in
advance for any technical difficulties we may encounter.

Joining me here at an appropriate social distance, are Ryan Marshall, President and CEO; and Bob
O’Shaughnessy, Executive Vice President and CFO. Joining us remotely are Jim Ossowski, Senior Vice
President of Finance; and I'm pleased to welcome Deb Still, President and CEO of Pulte Financial Services,
who is dialing in from Denver. We thought it would be helpful to have Deb available to answer questions
about our mortgage operations and overall mortgage market conditions.

A copy of this morning's earnings release and the presentation slides that accompanies today's call have
been posted to our corporate website at pultegroup.com. We'll also post an audio replay of today's call
to our website a little later. Before I turn the call over to Ryan, I want to alert everyone that today's
presentation includes forward-looking statements about the company's expected future performance.
Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments made today. The most
significant risk factors that could affect future results are summarized as part of today's earnings release
and within the accompanying presentation slides. These risk factors and other key information are detailed
in our SEC filings, including our annual and quarterly reports.

Now let me turn the call over to Ryan Marshall. Ryan?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Jim, and good morning. Before we begin, let me offer my thoughts and prayers to everyone
on the call today and in the communities in which PulteGroup operates. I sincerely hope that you and
your families are well and are managing through the challenges created by COVID-19. I also want to
acknowledge and say thank you to our nation's health care workers and first responders who have been
remarkable in fighting the onslaught of this disease.

Given the devastating effects COVID-19 has had across the country, I'm going to focus my comments
on the company-specific impacts and our operational responses. Bob will then discuss some of the key
numbers within our first quarter results as well as some factors to consider as you think about our
business going forward.

To assess the impact of COVID-19, it's probably best to go back to the beginning. While that seems like a
lifetime ago, it really has only been 6 to 8 weeks. More specifically, PulteGroup and the broader housing
industry entered 2020 with tremendous momentum and strong buyer demand, and this is reflected in the
16% growth in orders that we reported for the first quarter compared with the prior year. Our reported Q1
order growth, however, is not reflective of current market conditions.

In the first quarter, net new orders were up more than 30% over the prior year for both January
and February. It's now old news when I say that, with the virus spreading rapidly and governments
implementing shelter-in-place restrictions, home buying demand slowed dramatically as March

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

progressed. To appreciate the magnitude of the slowdown, in the first full week of March, our net new
orders exceeded 800 homes. In the final full week, this number dropped to just 140. As a result, our
March 2020 orders in total were down 11% from March of 2019. From orders being up 30-plus percent
to being down 11% in just a few weeks is unlike anything we have experienced before. It's this level of
volatility, along with the dramatic economic slowdown and ongoing job loss that let us to withdraw our
guidance for 2020, as indicated in our press release earlier today, and we will not be providing any new
guidance until conditions stabilize.

Given how the U.S. economic slowdown intensified as we moved into April, it is no surprise that housing
demand has slipped even further. Through the first 3 weeks of the month, we have sold approximately 920
homes on a gross basis, excluding cancellations. The underlying trend is that buyer traffic to our website,
and in turn, our communities has decreased materially. This is obviously a very small sample size, but
directionally, we are running a little below 50% of the pace in the first quarter, with the most recent trends
generally stable to up slightly.

While the impact of COVID-19 was hard and fast, PulteGroup is fortunate to have an experienced
management team throughout our organization. In other words, we have been through slowdowns before,
such that we can and are responding quickly. A cadence of functional meetings, Skype calls to be exact
at every level of our operations were organized and are ongoing. Based on real-time insights supplied
by frontline managers, we are routinely adjusting sales, construction, purchasing, mortgage and other
functional practices to the rapidly changing market conditions. Important information from these division-
level meetings is then routinely shared via a daily call with my senior team that reviews everything from
customer traffic and sales to land investment and conditions in the mortgage market.

Think of my leadership calls as a virtual war room, in which we can quickly assess ongoing events and
adjust business tactics as required. It's vital that information flows both ways inside our organization. We
can quickly disseminate critical data and decisions back into our operations via internal communications
channels, including the newly built section within our Intranet. This section also acts as a data repository
for key policies and materials as well as a robust and growing warehouse of best practice videos. These
videos cover everything from the direct marketing and managing a great virtual house tour to conducting
an efficient option selection meeting online and even closing the home purchase remotely. I won't take
you through the daily even hourly evolution of our business practices, but I will share with you how we are
operating the business today.

To help ensure the health and safety of our customers and employees, we are working remotely and
leveraging available technology platforms to enable virtual interactions with our homebuyers from walking
computer-generated floor plans and picking a lot on our interactive community maps to selecting options
and applying for and ultimately closing the mortgage, at this point, we're able to effectively do everything
remotely. In fact, I fully expect we will be integrating a number of these new practices into our selling
processes even as we move back to more normal operating conditions. I think our millennials and active
adult buyers, in particular, will appreciate having more options in terms of how they interact with the
home buying process.

For potential homebuyers, who do want to visit a model and meet in person, such meetings, where
permitted, are by appointment only. Appointments ensure we can control the number of attendees and
enforce social distancing as well as to provide time for us to implement our enhanced cleaning protocols.

Moving from sales to construction. We are working closely with our trades to confirm compliance with
national and local guidelines relating to social distancing and on-site health and personal hygiene
practices. Construction has been designated an essential service across all of our markets except for
Michigan, Pennsylvania, the State of Washington, and key municipalities in Northern California. We have
also notified our homebuyers that we will be providing warranty service for emergency situations only until
this crisis has passed.

Finally, as an extension of protecting the health and reducing risks for our entire team, toward the end
of March, we made the decision to guarantee employment for all PulteGroup employees through the end
of April. We wanted to make sure we provided a sense of security, so our employees could focus on their
families and on taking care of our customers. Given the severity of the economic slowdown, we recognize

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

that staffing actions will be needed to better align overhead expenses given the slowdown in housing
demand, and we are planning for such, but this decision is consistent with PulteGroup's employee-first
culture. Beyond our people, given the challenging operating environment and economic uncertainties
resulting from COVID-19, our focus is on protecting the company's liquidity and closely managing our cash
flows.

Bob will review details shortly, but let me provide a few high-level comments on the actions that we
have taken to date. On the land side, we are working closely with our existing land sellers to postpone
the purchase of land parcels currently under contract. Land sellers understand what's happening in the
market, so conversations typically take a very collaborative approach.

I am extremely pleased to say that we have been successful in delaying well over 90% of the lots
scheduled for purchase in the near term. We would hope to have similar success as and when we need to
deal with contracted land positions scheduled to close in the future. In the rare situations where we have
been unable to agree on some form of extension with the land seller, we have walked away from the lots
and written off any associated option under pre-acquisition expense. In the first quarter, these charges
amounted to only $4 million. In a similar fashion, we are working to intelligently slow land development,
such that it is more appropriately aligned with the current sales environment.

At this point, our approach is focused on delaying development rather than outright mothballing
communities. The latter may become a tactic depending on how the slowdown plays out. But for now, we
want to continue turning assets even at a reduced rate. We've also implemented strategies to limit the
amount of capital we are investing in vertical construction. This includes contacting backlog customers and
reconfirming their status before beginning construction of that sold unit.

Having said that, between our existing spec starts and an elevated cancellation rate, we have spec units
in production that we are also moving on to a slower track. At quarter end, we had a total of about
3,100 specs in the pipeline, of which almost 40% were early enough in the build cycle that we were
able to suspend further construction. Depending upon the exact stage of production, construction on the
remaining spec units will be held, slowly advanced or completed on schedule and then sold. Given the
actions that we've taken to adjust land and house spend, we'll be able to postpone several hundred million
dollars in cash outflows for a number of months.

By effectively idling parts of our business, we can maintain strong liquidity while positioning our operations
to meet buyer demand. However, it develops over the remainder of 2020 and into the next year. It's hard
to envision a more difficult operating environment than what we're experiencing today, and I don't even
want to try to sugarcoat it. That being said, given the way that we have been running the business over
the past decade, I do believe that PulteGroup is very well positioned, both operationally and financially
to navigate the challenging and volatile market conditions we'll face until the impacts of the pandemic
recede.

Now let me turn the call over to Bob to discuss key elements of our first quarter operating and financial
results. Bob?

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Ryan, and good morning, everyone. Before starting my review, let me reiterate that we have
withdrawn our previous guidance relating to our 2020 results, and we'll not be providing any new guidance
at this time. This decision was driven by the dramatic impact coronavirus has had on employment, GDP
and consumer confidence, the result of which is that it's impossible for us to forecast how markets and
buyers will respond when conditions ultimately begin to improve. We are optimistic that buyer demand
has the ability to rebound, but there's too much uncertainty at this time for us to provide meaningful
guidance.

As Ryan indicated, given the dramatic change in demand dynamics and overall market conditions, I'm
not going to walk through our first quarter statements in the usual detail. I will, however, discuss Q1

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

results on a high level and in the context of how we expect the business to operate over the next couple of
quarters.

Looking at the income statement, home sale revenue in the first quarter increased 14% to $2.2 billion.
Higher revenues in the period were driven by a 16% increase in closings to 5,373 homes, partially
offset by a 2% decrease in average sales price to $413,000. The decrease in average sales price for the
quarter was driven primarily by changes in the product and geographic mix of homes closed. Product mix
continues to benefit from the expansion of our first time business, which increased to 33% of our closings
in the quarter, up from 25% last year.

In addition, 42% of our closings came from move up buyers and the remaining 25% came from active
adult buyers. In the prior year, 48% of closings were move up and 27% were active adult.

At 33% of closings, we achieved our stated goal of having first time represent about 1/3 of our business,
given our growing investment in first time and the fact that it was experiencing the strongest demand
prior to the slowdown, first time could increase slightly as a percentage of our overall business going
forward.

As Ryan noted, orders for the first quarter were up 16% over the prior year to 7,495 homes. By buyer
group, first time orders were up 31% to 2,476 homes, move up increased 13% to 3,345 homes and active
adult was up 5% to 1,674 homes. Driven in part by the 16% increase in orders, we ended the quarter with
12,629 homes in backlog, which is up 20% over the first quarter of last year.

Given the strong order rates over the past several quarters, we ended Q1 with 12,088 homes under
construction, which represents an increase of 17% over last year. The increase in production was driven
entirely by sold homes as spec production on a unit basis was down 1% from 2019 and represented
only 26% of homes under construction. Consistent with Ryan's comments, we have curtailed new spec
starts for the time being and are identifying opportunities to efficiently and safely pause construction of
spec units already in production. Ideally, this would entail holding units at the foundation stage, but we
can hold after they are dried in, if needed. While we are not providing guidance with regard to expected
quarterly or annual results, I think it's useful to share information on backlog performance and the current
state of our construction operations.

First, to date, buyers have wanted to close. Relative to the size of our backlog, we are seeing minimal
cancellations with most, as you would expect, driven by job loss resulting from the coronavirus. Through
the first 3 weeks of April, we've had 360 backlog units canceled, which represents only 3% of homes in
backlog. Based on these numbers and our experiences to date, it's clear that our homebuyers are willing
and even anxious to get into the safety of their new home.

Second, our trades want to work. We remain in close communication with our trades to coordinate
activities and ensure we are operating in compliance with all work rules and safety guidelines. As we have
had to adjust the cadence of starts and also production time line, ongoing communication with our trade
base is critical for maintaining production efficiency.

And third, we are having to proactively and intelligently manage the supply chain. The initial challenge
was adjusting to any disruption in materials and/or components from China. We were fortunate in that
we had recently conducted an extensive analysis of that supply chain in response to the U.S.-China tariff
issues in 2019. More recently, however, we are dealing with the closures of U.S. plants as a result of state
or municipal restrictions to keep people at home. The U.S.-based plants typically have less inventory
in the supply chain, so adjustments have to be made very quickly. For commodities and mechanicals,
like plumbing, electrical and HVAC, we can usually swap to an upgrade or identify a comparable product
manufactured by another supplier. It's much more difficult when the delay involves products, such as
cabinets, countertops and appliances, where colors and styles can be difficult to match.

In these instances, we are working with our customers to identify suitable alternatives or we may simply
have to wait extra days until the required product becomes available. As of today's call, delays across
the enterprise are relatively minor, but they can be disruptive within a specific community or market and
may cause delays in completing impacted homes. Continuing with my review of our first quarter results,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

gross margin for the quarter was 23.7%, which is up 30 basis points over last year and up 90 basis points
sequentially from the fourth quarter 2019. Gross margin exceeded not only last year, but our guidance
for the period. In addition to benefits resulting from the mix of homes closed, our improved gross margin
reflects the prior strength of housing demand and our ability to capture incremental pricing opportunities
as incentives decreased to 3.6% in the quarter. This was down 40 basis points from the first quarter of last
year and 20 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2019.

Broadly, we would generally tell you that prices have been holding. Unlike the back half of 2018 when
there were issues related to affordability, the issues today relate to the inability to leave your home, job
loss or simply fear. Price does not solve these issues. Price is also benefiting from low levels of new and
existing home inventory on the market. That being said, spectrum in the industry's production pipeline
are rising, and cancellations are resulting in inventory buildup in a number of markets across the country.
We focus on driving the best returns, which often leads us to solve for price over pace, but we need to
continue selling homes, and we will be competitive in the market.

Our SG&A expense in the first quarter was $264 million or 11.9% of home sale revenues. This is 110
basis points lower than the first quarter of last year, in which SG&A expense was $253 million or 13% of
home sale revenues. The improvement in overhead leverage was driven by the volume growth realized
in the quarter. As Ryan discussed, given the ongoing erosion in homebuyer demand witnessed across the
country, we recognize that we will need to make adjustments to our organization. Planning is already in
process that will result in furloughs and layoffs in addition to other general cost reductions needed in order
to rightsize our operations.

Moving on, you will see a line for goodwill impairment in our first quarter income statement. Given the
significant decline in equity market valuations, we determined that an event-driven impairment test on
the goodwill associated with our January 2020 acquisition of ICG was appropriate. This test resulted
in impairment totaling $20 million. This impairment was not the result of any factors specific to ICG's
operations, but rather reflects the broad-based declines in the market capitalization of publicly traded
construction companies during the period. Having now worked with ICG since the closing, we are even
more excited about the opportunities we see for such offsite production. Of course, accounting guidelines
don't factor in our excitement, but simply evaluate the recoverability of goodwill based on objectively
verifiable market data.

And as we all know, the equity markets have been under stress in recent weeks. Looking at our financial
services operations, the business generated pretax income of $20 million, an increase of 58% over
prior year pretax income of $12 million. This year's higher pretax income reflects an improved margin
environment, higher loan volumes consistent with growth in our homebuilding operations as well as a
higher capture rate.

Mortgage rate -- mortgage capture rate increased to 87% in the quarter from 80% last year. I would note
that given disruptions in the national mortgage market caused by COVID-19, we did have to write down
the value of our mortgage servicing rights in the quarter. Reported financial services pretax income for the
first quarter includes this adjustment.

Completing my comments on our income statement, our first quarter income tax expense was $60 million
or an effective tax rate of 22.8% compared with $50 million or an effective tax rate of 23% last year. Our
effective tax rate for the quarter was lower than last year and our recent guidance as we recorded benefits
related to equity compensation.

In summary, for the first quarter, our net income was $204 million or $0.74 per share, which is an
increase from prior year net income of $167 million or $0.59 per share.

Turning now to a discussion of our balance sheet, cash flows and uses of capital. We ended the quarter
with $1.9 billion of cash, which is up from $1.3 billion at the end of 2019. Our increased cash position
primarily reflects our decision to draw $700 million from our revolving credit facility in March. Given
the dramatic decline in global economic conditions and the uncertainty of future demand trends, we
drew on our facility in an abundance of caution. The incremental net interest expense related to these
borrowings, which will be reflected in interest expense, is approximately $1 million per month, so it's low-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

cost insurance as we move through the next few months. In the first quarter, we invested $619 million in
land acquisition and development. On a sequential basis, this is a decrease of $152 million from the fourth
quarter, and we are working quickly to adjust land spend to match the current operating environment.

Land acquisition spend in the quarter amounted to only $219 million, our lowest quarterly investments
since 2014, and will likely decline further as we work to defer future land purchases. In the first quarter,
we repurchased 2.8 million common shares for $96 million or an average price of $33.86 per share. As
business conditions eroded during the month of March, we elected to stop our repurchase activities. At this
time, we have suspended share repurchases consistent with our focus on conserving capital. In conclusion,
we entered this period of economic uncertainty in a position of strength. Our homebuilding operations
have proven to be efficient and highly profitable, and we maintain ample liquidity. We're operating in a
period of unprecedented job loss and economic contraction, but I'm confident in our ability to manage
through the turmoil and successfully exit the other side.

Let me turn the call back to Ryan for some final comments. Ryan?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Bob highlighted that we are dealing with this economic crisis from a position of strength. We've put
ourselves in this position by operating a highly profitable and high-returning homebuilding business
for a number of years. The strong operating result we delivered in this first quarter are consistent with
the strategies and tactics against which we have consistently operated. By the time we get through the
challenges of COVID-19, we will have adapted to a lot of changes. What won't have changed, however, is
the strategic and disciplined approach we take to running our business, which has delivered great financial
results in the past. Our work to maintain an exceptional culture and a committed team doesn't change.
Our ability to underwrite and develop outstanding communities designed to meet customer needs while
delivering high returns doesn't change. Our focus on delivering superior quality homes and outstanding
customer service doesn't change. So while a lot will change, the fundamentals that have made PulteGroup
successful remain solidly in place.

In closing, before we open the call to questions, I want to say thank you to our employees and our
suppliers who have been absolutely amazing throughout these past few weeks. In a period of heightened
risks and fears, where and when appropriate, you have been on-site and operating in our communities.

As required, you've quickly adapted to working from home and servicing our customers from a socially
acceptable distance. And through it all, you have maintained an upbeat attitude and a can-do spirit. It has
been impressive to watch. Let me turn the call back to Jim.

James P. Zeumer
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Great. Thanks, Ryan. We're now prepared to open the call for questions, so we can get as many questions
as possible during the remaining time of this call. [Operator Instructions].
I'm going to ask Joanne to explain the process and open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Alan Ratner from Zelman Associates.

Alan S. Ratner
Zelman & Associates LLC

Hope everyone is doing well within the organization and your families. My first question, if I could, and
maybe this is directed for Deb, but I'd love to hear and dig in a little bit about what's going on in the
mortgage markets today? I know the headlines have been kind of fast and furious about tightening in
terms of credit overlays being instituted by a number of investors and lenders, and I know there's a lot
of disruption on the servicing side as well. And I'm just curious what you've seen over the last couple of
weeks in terms of your ability to originate loans, to sell loans, to sell servicing rights and taking that a step
further, where are the current standards today that you're originating for your buyers?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Alan, thanks for the question. There's certainly a lot there. We are doing well. And I hope that everybody
at Zelman is healthy as well. Maybe, let me just start with some real broad overview comments, and
then I'll turn it over to Deb. Our Pulte financial services team has been absolutely outstanding. We do
have a very good liquidity. The operations of the mortgage company have really continued with minimal
interruption. There certainly are some challenges there. But I really do believe that Deb and her team
have effectively helped to navigate those. So with that, I'll turn it to Deb, and she can provide some
additional commentary.

Debra W. Still
President & Chief Executive Officer of Pulte Financial Services

Sure. Thanks, Ryan, and good morning, Alan. Yes, so certainly, disruptions. We've seen a lot of headlines.
I think one of the things that is important to note is, not all disruptions apply to all lender business
models. And so for Pulte, the majority -- for the majority of our loan programs, that Pulte Mortgage offers,
we're working with the same investors, we're working with the same buyers of servicing that we've done
business with for years.

For Pulte Mortgage, we are looking to add additional investor partners for our government loans, where
the environment has gotten more restrictive than the conventional market. And our strategy remains the
same, which is the sell our loans in the secondary market and to sell our servicing. The jumbo market,
you read headlines that it may be frozen. And while I think there's far fewer participants, we're partnering
with several banks and several credit unions that are still buying our jumbo loans and providing us that
liquidity. And so I'll stop there and see if you want to go into any more detail?

Alan S. Ratner
Zelman & Associates LLC

Yes. No. That's very helpful. I do have 1 or 2 follow-ups to that, if I could. I guess on the government
side, it seems like that's where we've seen some FICO and DTI overlays put in place. I know some lenders
have gone as high as 700, not going below that. Others are kind of more in the 660, 680 range. So I
guess the question is when you look at your book of business and you look at your backlog, it seems like
cancellations have been very modest. Are you still able to get an FHA, VA loan done at a, call it, 640, 660
FICO? And what percentage of your business actually falls into that criteria right now?

Debra W. Still
President & Chief Executive Officer of Pulte Financial Services

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Yes. So we still have credit available, certainly at the 640, 660 range. Some investors are requiring loan
level price adjustments for those credit scores. But for the most part, there's decent liquidity at that level,
Alan. Much like our product mix has been for many years, FHA and VA together are about 20% of our
book of business.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jack Micenko from SIG.

John Gregory Micenko
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Hope everybody is well on your end. I think part of this overlining here is you're coming into this with
a really, really strong backlog. And so I guess first question I have is, Ryan, what's -- what are the
regional heads doing to preserve that backlog? Any kind of strategies there? And then Deb, what's the
mortgage company doing proactively to kind of peel through that backlog? Is it a second set of eyes on
the underwriting? Is it a closer touch on the employment status? Just kind of curious how you guys are
managing. Because there is a lot of forward revenue there and preserving that, I would imagine, is priority
#1.

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Jack, it's Ryan. And we do really -- we really do believe that the size of our backlog is a real benefit
for us as we move through this crisis. The good news is that the majority of that backlog made a buying
decision prior to the effects and the impacts of COVID-19. And as Bob highlighted in detail, we've largely
seen most of those buyers anxious and ready to move to the closing table. We've certainly done a lot of
things in working with our Pulte financial services partners, inclusive of doing drive-by closings, where
we've been able to sign the majority of the documents virtually, and there's only a handful of things that
need a wet signature, and we've been able to do that without human interaction and contact, which has
been great.

In terms of tactics that our operators are taking to preserve that backlog, we're really working with our
buyers in a collaborative way to understand their specific needs. In the cases of job loss and things like
that, in some cases, we've had to take a cancellation, and that's reflected in the numbers that Bob shared
with you.

Certainly, we've got great partnership with our mortgage company on a number of fronts, and not only
does that help minimize risk, they provide just outstanding products and service. Our mortgage team
has been able to give us insight into concentrations of customers that might fall into a particular industry
but we are very careful not to violate any of the banking regulations that would prohibit the mortgage
company from sharing specific buyer data. So those are a few of the things that we've been doing to
manage the backlog.

John Gregory Micenko
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Okay. And then one for Bob. Looking at cash, stock buyback, slowing down the land spend, monetizing
backlog, cash position probably balloons pretty significantly into year-end, assuming -- it's a big
assumption, but I guess assuming a somewhat of a U recovery. How do you think about the cash 12
months out? I mean Ryan's comment sounded like, prepare for the worst, hope for the best, but you still
look at the cash numbers, $2.5 billion, $3 billion-ish kind of numbers, no debt coming due till 2021. If
we get to the other side of this, is this going to be buyback? Is It want to be reaccelerate the land spend
because the demand is there, and you've got to catch up? How do you think about this large likely cash
position at the end of this year?

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Yes, Jack, thanks for the question. And hopefully, we are wrestling with that particular question. I
think our view on this is we wanted to get as liquid as we could. We drew on our revolver, just from a
precautionary standpoint. So I think the first use of any cash would be -- as we get more comfortable
with this, we would seek to pay that down. You mentioned that we've got a maturity in March of next
year. It's not that far away. That would be a pretty high priority for our cash. Depending on market
conditions, would we refinance it? I don't know, it will depend. But other than that, I think the process
we'll go through is no different than what we've been doing for the last 5-plus years, which is evaluating
the opportunity to generate return from that cash. So if we think there's an opportunity in the land market
obviously that would be a place where we place primary importance on investing.

If we have excess capacity beyond that, we're always thinking about repurchase activity. We've obviously
stopped that. As time goes by, we will revisit whether that's appropriate. And we obviously pay a dividend.
We'll be in the course of normal discussion with our Board visiting what we do with that over time. So I
think the answer is, it isn't really any different. But I would tell you, obviously, the first thing we would
think about is the revolver and paying that down.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan.

Michael Jason Rehaut
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I hope everyone in the Pulte family, extended family are safe and healthy in this time. First question I had
was -- if I could try and get a little more clarity. Obviously, appreciate with regard to order trends in the
last 6 weeks or so and obviously, the -- appreciate all the detail that you've given. I think what a lot of
people are thinking about is trying to parse out in terms of the orders and the fall off in orders, where --
which markets and which segments maybe you've seen at the worst? You mentioned about a 50% decline
in sales pace versus the first quarter in April. And so I was curious if there's any additional granularity you
might have for us in terms of by market, which markets maybe you saw a greater drop-off in across your
3 major consumer segments where you saw it a little worse or better?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Mike, what I would tell you is that April started very slow as the majority of the country went into
shelter-in-place type orders. Some markets, very aggressive, late end of March, early part of April. And
then eventually, you saw the entire country go into that mode. As our sales processes evolve and caught
up to that, we went to a by appointment only for the protection of not only our sales team, but also the
customers. And then we quickly adapted to a lot of virtual selling practices with virtual tours, heavy use of
Microsoft Teams to engage with customers, where we could share documents and the various choices that
a buyer would have. And what we saw as we moved through April, each week, we were doing more virtual
appointments our team got more comfortable with it.

I think buyers got more comfortable with it. And so we were encouraged by that. We had -- as I shared
with you, we had over 900 sales in April to date, which in this environment, where largely the entire
country is still at home, to be able to sell that many homes virtually, I think, is a fairly decent result. We
are starting to see some pretty positive trends in our traffic data. Just starting this week as we think more
of the -- I think as more of the country is talking about reopening, we've seen certain states already take
action to reopen, and I think some of the understanding and the fears around COVID-19 are starting to
subside. We're seeing some positive traffic trends, which I think bodes well. In terms of consumer groups
and segments, the one that I would tell you was probably down the most early is the Del Webb consumer,
which I'm sure, as you can appreciate, is understandable.

Number one, that's an age demographic that is most susceptible and at the highest risk to the virus. And
so that's a buyer group that I think was early on the most cautious and probably continues to be. They're
also a buyer group that's heavily influenced by volatility in the equity markets, which we know there was
plenty of that in the back half of March. As that stabilized and as the virus starts to come under control,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

we started to see that buyer group rebound. It's a buyer group that's got great liquidity. They've got
strong wealth. They're not as dependent on the job market. And so we're actually starting to see some
nice trends from that group. What I'd tell you, though, Mike, is every buyer group is susceptible to the
impacts of this virus. I don't think there's any one group that is going to be untouched. They may go
through different phases as the impacts to the economy move through the entire system.

Michael Jason Rehaut
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Thanks, Ryan. I appreciate that answer. I guess for the second question, maybe if I could sneak in slightly
a 2 parter. Number one, you mentioned the virtual orders coming in. Of that 960, I was curious how --
roughly what percent was able to be counted as an order without the customer even physically walking
into the home. And conversely, you had mentioned in a prior question around the 360 cans in the first 3
weeks of April, I think, primarily driven by job loss. I just want to try to get a sense, again, going back
to the, I guess, if you want to call, backlog scrubbing, if you feel like that 360 represents fully the initial
job losses that we've seen across the country? Or if potentially, there might be an additional portion of the
backlog susceptible to the recent unemployment trends?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Mike, in terms of how many of the April sales we were able to do everything virtually. I don't have
that number at my fingertips. I would tell you, it was the lion's share of the process was done virtually.
There are some buyers that maybe they wanted to do at least 1 on-site visit. It wasn't required, however.
And we were set up operationally that the entire process could be handled virtually. So we feel really good
about that.

In terms of the cancellations, there are some number of cancellations that we take in a given month
just as a normal order -- normal course of business. And that's reflected in what is our kind of normal
cancellation rate. For those that we've seen in April, I would tell you, probably the majority were COVID
related in some way, shape or form. Most of those kind of relating to job loss or family health reasons.
As we move, kind of, through this, yes, I think there's certainly continued risk depending on how
deep and how prolonged the downturn is and then what the recovery looks like. So the job loss or the
unemployment claims today were a little better than they were last week. But over $4 million, it's still a
pretty big number. And we'll ultimately just need to see how that plays out over the coming weeks and
months.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI.

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

It sounds like you are doing as great a job as one could expect in this environment. There were some
very interesting things that you mentioned with respect to how things have been evolving very recently
so far in April. And I just wanted to knit a couple of things together that you said and just sort of get your
overarching view as to how the demand picture looks. I think you indicated that when you gave your
numbers for cancellations and the sales you were doing. Obviously, it seemed like it picked up relative to
the final week of March in terms of the gross orders. And now on top of that, your cancellation rate, if I
were to extrapolate that out to a full quarter looks like you're talking about a backlog can rate of maybe
12% or something like that for a full quarter's worth, which is like less than half of what you saw during
the global financial crisis.

You said price isn't really the issue and people are wanting to move in. And so with all of that said, I'm
curious as to how you think this buyer pullback compares to other demand pullbacks that we've seen?
Usually, for instance, when you see a demand pullback, there is kind of an immediate price response.
There's sort of a demand for that. And it doesn't seem like that's happening today, and you've seen a
pickup in traffic even before the states have opened up. So it feels to me almost as if there is like a fire

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

that's gone dormant because it had a blanket thrown over, and then the blanket gets removed, there may
be a spike in demand, and I'm wondering if you would be ready to capture that.

And if you think that that's even something that's worth preparing for or if it's more important to sort of
be defensive in the case that things get worse and linger? So my question is a little bit of complicated.
I apologize, but how are you seeing the demand potential to spike in the next, let's say, month or 2, as
things actually do open up? And what are some of the things that you're doing to position yourself to
capture that if, in fact, that happens?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Stephen, it's a great question. And I would tell you, we don't have a better crystal ball than anybody
else does in terms of what the recovery ultimately looks like. Is it U, is it V, is it an L, is it a square root
recovery. There's a ton of theories out there. We're looking and studying all of them. I think you made
a couple of interesting points that I would tend to agree with. Buyer desire to own a home seems to be
holding pretty strong and pretty steady and strong. The ultimate question, I think, is going to be when
does the economy start to reopen and how deep and prolonged are the job losses. We know that jobs are
a critical component of a homebuyer being able to make the decision to move and do something different.

If the job losses can be minimized, and the folks that have been furloughed are able to be called back, I
think that bodes well for housing. Different than, I think, other housing downturns, typically, there has
been a buildup of supply, which we don't have right now. There's not a buildup on the resale side. There's
not a buildup on the new side. And so I would tell you that's largely why we've seen price continue to
hold.

Bob's prepared remarks, I think, hit the nail right on the head, which is, this is something that is being
driven by partly fear, partly folks being at home and not being able to leave their homes, and price doesn't
necessarily solve that and so I think what you've seen from the industry for the most part is, there hasn't
been a lot of discounting other than in a few places where we've seen some co-broke type incentives to
move inventory that was finished. We haven't seen in the market broad-based price reductions on base
pricing, which I think is generally a positive. In terms of being opportunistic, Steven, I think our model
of having a very large backlog that is over 12,000 at this point, that puts us in a very good position,
assuming the cancellation rates remain where they're at. And for clarity, we're running at a level that
we're 3% for the month of April. I think that translates into something a little less than the number that
you quoted, but we'll see, kind of, what that cancellation rate ultimately trends to for full quarter.

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Stephen, just to maybe further clarify the cans. I think what you're going to see is based on the
sales level that we're seeing today gross and the cans against that 12,000 unit backlog, you will likely
see an elevated cancellation rate in Q2 because you're going to have a reduced sales environment. We've
highlighted that sales are down. Cans, while they are not huge against the total backlog are going to be
big against that relative number. So just -- I heard you say that we might have a lower can rate in Q2 or
net can rate, if that will not be the case.

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Yes. I was referring to a backlog can rate just so -- to clear because I think that's...

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Got it.

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Yes.

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. So yes, so that's great. I appreciate that. Sort of a -- to sort of kind of follow-up on that. I feel like
it would be interesting to hear, particularly that you're -- given you're headquartered in Georgia, how
you're planning on handling a reopening policy, which probably won't be unified across the country. And so
I'm curious as to how -- whether Pulte would be adopting kind of a across-the-country kind of a policy? Or
will it be determined locally? And I'm also curious if you could talk about this pricing issue. How you are
-- help price release and then initially, you're not seeing a lot of discounting. I'm curious is that whether
you're actually seeing any desire on the part of the people who are buying to actually -- in fact, maybe
upgrade, maybe. Are you seeing any increased demand for an extra bedroom, let's say, or maybe the
home office? And then lastly, are you seeing -- what -- can you give us a sense for what percent of your
buyers need to sell a home first? And how that's factoring into the demand picture today?

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Stephen, let me...

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

There's a lot there. Let me see if I can organize kind of my response.

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

It was the reopening the demand for extra maybe upgrades, and then what percent need to sell a home
first.

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So in terms of reopening, we are taking a coordinated effort from our corporate office and working
with our regional heads and our division presidents in terms of how we reopen, but it will be a customized
approach by state and by market, even by sales center or by active community in some cases. So in most
of the places, where...

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Well, let me back up, we will not open anywhere until we're permitted by state and/or local regulation.

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

That being said, we will open on the time frame that we believe is appropriate for us once permitted
by local regulation. So in Georgia, to your point, starting this weekend, a lot of the Georgia economy is
starting to reopen. We will be taking a phased approach in how we reopen our corporate office as well as
how we open our sales centers in Georgia.

In terms of upgrading, Stephen, I think what you'll likely see is a lot of folks that have been maybe living
in more confined spaces, whether it be apartments, condos. My guess is you're going to see an elevated
desire for maybe Suburbia and having a little bit more space. I think most of our homes do come with the
ability to have flex space and do things like home offices. And I'd absolutely see that being high on the list
of things that buyers would want.

And finally, as it relates to homes to sell, I don't know that that's necessarily changed from what the
historical trends were. And talking with a number of resale agents that I know here locally as well as

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

across the country, there's actually kind of a tough supply of good inventory on the resale market. And
so the feedback that I'm getting is if the home is priced properly and in good condition, they're actually
selling and selling fairly quickly.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of John Lovallo from Bank of America.

John Lovallo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I hope everyone is well. First question, Pulte and many of your competitors have talked about delaying
land purchases, which clearly makes sense. I'm wondering, though, are you anticipating any stress at the
land developer level? Are developers still able to access capital at this point? Any thoughts around that
would be helpful.

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It's a fair question. For the most part, we are self-developing, John. And so we are putting raw
parcels under contract. For the larger developers, we have not gotten any indication that they've got
capital constraints. I think they, like us, are looking at the phasing of development. So phases might be
a little bit shorter, might be delaying the next phase until we can work through the existing ones. So we
haven't heard of a lot of noise in the market from folks that we have development relationships with.
Everybody is focused on cash, as you can well imagine, but I think it's pretty coordinated at this point.

John Lovallo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then the labor challenges that some folks are seeing, mostly the smaller builders
and some of the social distancing that's going on job sites. I mean do you get the sense that this could
increase the demand or the interest for off-site building? And with your ICG acquisition, have you guys
seen increased inquiries into the business since COVID has hit?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, John, we're excited about ICG, as Bob mentioned. We've now been operating with ICG for just over 3
months. We're more excited today than we were at the time of acquisition as we've started to incorporate
ICG products and materials into our Jacksonville operation. It's really gone well. Just like we talked last
quarter, we really see the implementation and integration of offsite as being a long-term strategic move
for the company to address what we really believe are fundamental shortages in labor over time for the
industry. My guess is that as social distancing practices will likely continue well into the future -- I don't
think this is a 30 or 60-day time frame, we're going to be working on social distancing, I think, for a long
time to come. Even better opportunity to take advantage of the labor efficiencies that are created by using
off-site. So suffice it to say, we were excited then. We're more excited now, and we're looking forward to
continuing to see that expansion through our operation over the coming years.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Truman Patterson from Wells Fargo.

Truman Andrew Patterson
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I'm glad to hear you all are safe. So first question, you all have a proprietary pricing tool that's really
helped you achieve elevated gross margins. I'm just hoping you could shed some light on the existing
markets pricing. As I would imagine, there's a lack of inventory that you mentioned. There's also a lack
of foreclosures with forbearance, which I think is going to help support the existing market pricing. But

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

have you seen any local market pricing that started to crack or roll over? Or are there any local metros
that you're really watching near term?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Truman, it's Ryan. I think we addressed in some of the prepared remarks. We've actually seen price
hold pretty steady. The only pricing actions that we've really seen, there's a few spotter where certain
builders have had an elevated level of spec inventory and in an effort to move those they put some
financing incentives in place or some elevated co broke incentives, which I think, ultimately, at the end
of the day, is more of an advertising mechanism as opposed to a price mechanism. So underlying values
in this environment, I think have held steady. We haven't seen broad-based discounting on to-be-built
orders. I haven't necessarily even seen broad-based discounting on the resale side either. So knock on
wood, we'd hope that that can hold. For the time being, the results have the positive.

Truman Andrew Patterson
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Okay. Got you. So specifically, no real local metros that have really started to crack or anything
along those lines?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Correct.

Truman Andrew Patterson
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Okay. And then just hoping to get a bit of an overview on the broader land environment. But really,
what I'm hoping to understand is whether you all are restructuring any of your optioned land deals and
what those are starting to look like in those conversations. And then also if you could look forward maybe
1 to 2 quarters, what portion or magnitude of the option deals are possibly at risk of being written off?

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It's interesting. There isn't any particular form or fashion. Just like the way we've built the land
book, it is negotiation with individual sellers. And as we mentioned on the call, to this point, everybody
understands we had very limited impact. We had highlighted $4 million in write-offs pretax. And we've got
a normal run rate of 2. If you think about it every quarter, we usually have a couple of million dollars. So
it was slightly elevated, but not materially. So I think what that tells you is that the dialogue we're having
with our sellers is constructive. In some cases, we've deferred 30 days. In some cases, we've deferred 60
days. In some cases, 90. And I think we'll continue to evaluate as we go forward.

I don't know that there's any particular bucket of the contracts that we have in place today that are any
more or less at risk than anything else, quite honestly. The decision to move forward is going to be based
on how we see the market and whether we get the return we are seeking from the investment we're
making, and we'll make those decisions candidly community by community. So we are working with all of
the sellers. And I talked about development spend. We're suggesting to folks, hey, don't put more money
into it because we may need to wait a little while, and they understand that. So on balance, you never
know where this is going to go because demand will dictate how we operate.

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Truman. The only thing I'd add to that is, when we negotiate land transactions, we underwrite to
return. As I think you well know the 2 big variables in that are pace and price. And we've talked to price in
your first question, which is largely held pretty consistent. Pace is the unknown. And until we kind of come
out of this recovery and we start to see how things recover, that's what might ultimately kind of dictate

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

what happens to underlying land values. But we do believe based on the optionality that we've really
worked to put into our land book over the last several years. We're as well positioned as the company has
ever been to create some real optionality in how our land book comes on to our balance sheet or how we
ultimately purchase things over the coming months.

Operator

There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Jim Zeumer. Please go ahead,
sir.

James P. Zeumer
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Okay. Well, thank you, Joanne. I apologize. There were a few more questions. We just didn't -- we've run
out of time on this call. We'll certainly be available over the course of the day if you do have any other
questions. We did run a little bit long. We wanted to pry as many comments as we could in our prepared
script and hopefully answers many questions as we could that way. Thank you for your time, stay well,
and we look forward to speaking to you on the next call.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

