PVH Corp. NYSE:PVH
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, June 12, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(1.67)

(3.03)

NM

(2.04)

(2.58)

6.16

Revenue  (mm)

1348.09

1344.00

(0.30 %)

1238.54

7178.05

9038.82

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jun-12-2020 12:17 PM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.88

2.99

1.81

(1.67)

2.10

3.10

1.88

(3.03)

11.70 %

3.68 %

3.87 %

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PVH CORP. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 12, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dana M. Perlman
Senior VP of Business
Development & Investor Relations
and Treasurer

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating
& Financial Officer

Stefan Larsson
President

ANALYSTS

Dana Lauren Telsey
Telsey Advisory Group LLC

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Heather Nicole Balsky
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Jamie Susan Merriman
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Matthew Robert Boss
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PVH CORP. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 12, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the PVH First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like
to turn the conference over to Ms. Dana Perlman to read the safe harbor statement. Please go ahead,
ma'am.

Dana M. Perlman
Senior VP of Business Development & Investor Relations and Treasurer

Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the PVH Corp. First Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. This webcast and conference call is being recorded on behalf of PVH and consists of
copyrighted material. It may not be recorded, rebroadcast or otherwise transmitted without PVH's written
permission. Your participation in the question-and-answer session constitutes your consent to having
anything you say appear on any transcript or replay of this call.

The information to be discussed, includes forward-looking statements that reflect PVH's view as of April 1,
2020, of future events and financial performance. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
indicated in the company's SEC filings and the safe harbor statement included in the press release that is
subject of this call. These risks and uncertainties include PVH's right to change its strategies, objectives,
expectations and intentions and its need to use significant cash flow to service its debt obligations.

Significantly, at this time, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to have a significant impact on the
company's business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. There is significant
uncertainty about the duration and extent of the impact of the pandemic. The dynamic nature of the
circumstances means what is said on this call could change materially at any time. Therefore, the
operation of the company's business and its future results of operations could differ materially from
historical practices and results or current descriptions, estimates and suggestions.

PVH does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, including,
without limitation, any estimates or suggestions regarding revenue or earnings. Generally, the financial
information and projections to be discussed will be on a non-GAAP basis as defined under SEC rules.
Reconciliations to GAAP amounts are included in PVH's first quarter 2020 earnings release, which can
be found on www.pvh.com and in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC in
connection with the release.

At this time, I'm pleased to turn the conference over to Mr. Manny Chirico, Chairman and CEO of PVH.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Good morning, everyone. Joining me on the call is Stefan Larsson, our President; Mike Shaffer, our Chief
Operating and Chief Financial Officer; and Dana Perlman, our Treasurer and Senior Vice President of
Business Development and Investor Relations.

I'd like to take a moment and address all that is going on around us. Most recently, we have seen our
country ripped apart by the lethal effects of systemic racism. This has caused too many instances of social
injustice in our country.

At PVH, we are guided by our purpose, which is to drive fashion forward for good. And one of the best
ways we can do this is to fight for racial equality within the walls of our company, throughout our industry
and in society at large. We are creating forums to listening and learning. We are also updating our talent,
acquisition practices and training development programs to create new opportunities to grow so that we
can increase the representation across all levels and support our black associates for success in attaining
leadership positions across our company.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PVH CORP. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 12, 2020

Furthermore, the coronavirus pandemic has dramatically impacted our business over the past few months,
impacting every region of our business. The health and well-being of our associates, consumers, partners
and the communities where we operate, remain our top priority.

Throughout our almost 140-year history, we have been faced with many challenges. And I'm confident
that we will successfully navigate this backdrop as well. We have strong financial discipline; a healthy,
strong balance sheet with $1.8 billion of overall liquidity; and a wide range of global growth opportunities
driven by Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger. Our brand and our people are our 2 greatest assets, and they
were both on full display during the first quarter.

Our associates and business leaders truly demonstrated their passion, dedication and agility. And I would
like to thank each and every one of them to helping drive our business forward despite the challenges
that COVID-19 pandemic presented. From working to first efficiently close stores and then putting plans
in place to successfully reopen stores around the world, to those in our warehouses that have kept our
businesses moving forward and those working from home, it was truly a feat, and I cannot thank everyone
enough for their resilience and commitment.

Our iconic Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger brands has continued to experience excellent consumer
response over this period, demonstrating strong brand health and loyalty during the crisis. Each brand
attracted new consumers visiting our sites for the very first time with good conversion and strong
purchasing behavior over this period.

Operating a diversified portfolio of brands with strong geographic diversity has always been one of our
strong suites. And now more than ever, we have benefited from the diversification of our business. For
example, the foresight and expertise we've gained from our Asia teams have been incredibly valuable as
we navigated the coronavirus across other regions. This helped us get ahead of key decisions, such as
adjusting our marketing campaigns, the ways to engage with consumers and drive our digital business
during the temporary store closures as well as had us safely and most effectively reopen our stores once
restrictions were lifted.

Additionally, we were able to reallocate resources to better support what was opened during this period,
focusing on how to rescue our own and operated e-comm sites and also working with our third-party
digital partners. These competitive advantages, our people, our brands and our diversified business model
is what gives me great confidence in the long-term health of our business.

And now moving on to the first quarter financial results. We entered 2020 with strong brand health
and increasing momentum across Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein in the majority of regions where we
operate. Unfortunately, COVID-19 had a significant impact on our business during the first quarter as our
stores and our wholesale partners' stores were closed for over 6 weeks on average during the quarter.
This resulted in revenue in our own stores being down 50% to 65% depending on the region, while
our wholesale revenues declined about 40% as shipments to our wholesale partners were dramatically
reduced across all markets.

Our digital businesses, both our own and with our wholesale partners, had outstanding performance and
became our #1, most critical channel for business during the quarter. With our European digital businesses
being the strongest outperformer of any of our markets.

On the operating margin side, our gross margins and SG&A rates were under significant pressure as well.
While we tackled every expense line, including marketing and made difficult decisions relating to payroll
expense, most of these measures didn't get enacted until the end of the quarter.

In addition, we recorded about $100 million in reserves for future inventory markdowns and accounts
receivable write-offs. Given this operating environment, we have also been addressing our inventory
levels to reflect the current demand picture and are work closely with our suppliers in the event of any
meaningful shipping disruptions or delays.

Additionally, during the quarter, our licensing partners were significantly impacted with business
disruptions as well. We will continue to work closely with our licensing partners throughout the year as we
are planning for their businesses to experience similar pressure to what we are seeing in our business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PVH CORP. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 12, 2020

With our long-term vision in mind, we took prudent and proactive measures to strengthen our balance
sheet, preserve our liquidity and improve our financial strength to come out of the COVID crisis as a
stronger company. Overall, we ended the quarter with $1.8 billion of liquidity. Our CFO, Mike Shaffer, will
discuss the specific steps we took to strengthen our financial position in his comments.

As we navigate through the recovery phase, we will continue to evaluate how we can further strengthen
our balance sheet, optimize our businesses and identify efficiencies, which will allow us to operate smarter
and ultimately enhance our operating margin profile, which we believe will drive enhanced long-term
returns for our stockholders. I believe that these actions in totality will position us to successfully navigate
the COVID-19 pandemic and emerge in an overall stronger competitive position.

Before I hand things over to Stefan to go through our regions and brands initiatives, I would like to thank
Daniel Greider, who served as CEO of Tommy Hilfiger and PVH Europe, for all his contributions to the
company over his many years of service. I also want to congratulate Martijn Hagman on his promotion,
and I am confident that Martijn will successfully lead Tommy Hilfiger and PVH Europe into the future as we
capitalize on significant future growth opportunities for our business.

And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Stefan.

Stefan Larsson
President

Thank you, Manny. And when giving you all an update today from our regions and brands, I would like
to start with, as Manny mentioned in his introduction, that this has been a very different kind of quarter
where all of our brands and regions have been heavily impacted by the COVID crisis with our stores and
our wholesale customer stores closed for 6 weeks on average during the quarter. Mike will, later on the
call, share more details on how the numbers came out and give you an indication of Q2 trends.

What I would like to share with you is how we are successfully navigating our brands and regions through
the different phases of this crisis, what our key learnings have been as well as sharing some of the green
shoots that we're starting to see when gearing up to drive an accelerated recovery and to win with our
brands and consumer post COVID.

From a regional perspective, our regions came into this crisis at different times. Asia and China, in
particular, came in first and also recovered first. Then Europe was hit, closely followed by North America.

Starting with Asia and China, they have provided us with the best learnings for the recovery phase in
our other regions. Currently, all of our stores in China are open. Since China started to reopen, we have
been strong week-over-week improvements across the board. For example, our reopened stores are now
approximately flat to last year and our digital business up triple digits for both Calvin and Tommy. We're
experiencing very strong conversion and higher units per transaction in stores and lower overall traffic
trends. To drive transactions during the store closures, we offered virtual clienteling and engaged with VIP
shoppers through WeChat. We livestreamed our brands to connect with consumers, which led to significant
sales growth versus a typical day.

Then Europe followed closely after Asia, where we have also seen strong week-over-week improvements.
Currently, about 85% of our stores are open and trends are very encouraging. We're planning for the
U.K. market to reopen early next week. As we reopen stores, we have experienced strong conversion and
favorable full price trends with less promotions than planned. We have faced lower overall traffic trends
that have improved more in smaller cities versus big cities as consumers are shopping closer to home. We
have applied a data-driven approach to be able to offer targeted promotions to increase sellouts while also
keeping margins relatively stable.

Overall, we believe that Europe's recovery will be about one calendar quarter behind the trends we're
seeing in China. For wholesale, our full order books that were up mid-teens pre-COVID, are now down low
to mid-teens for each of our brands as we work with our partners to consolidate product seasons to better
match demand and to end the year as clean on inventory as possible.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PVH CORP. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 12, 2020

And lastly, North America, stores here were the latest to reopen, and we will be at 85% reopen by next
week. We are pleased to see how the consumers are coming back. In our own stores, small doors are
performing very well. Our domestic consumers are over indexing, and it will be critical to target that
domestic consumer for the remainder of the year as international consumers are traveling much less and
we don't expect this trend to materially improve this year.

Our wholesale partners saw business improve with the introduction of curbside pickup and ship-from-
store. Digital conversion is significantly higher than last year, and we are attracting a lot of new consumers
shopping on sites. We believe that the recovery in North America will follow a slightly slower recovery
trajectory than Europe, and we expect that promotions will be elevated. Also, similar to Europe, our
wholesale partners stopped accepting shipments in March, which has been a headwind to the business.
And we have only seen replenishment orders start flowing again.

Across regions and brands, when we were hit by the COVID crisis, we had a very strong focus on
the short-term navigation through the immediate crisis, the health and well-being of our teams and
consumers, cash preservation, expense reduction and inventory decisions to adjust to the current
demand situation. We're using multiple approaches to manage our inventories, such as canceling orders,
repurposing and reflowing goods, re-platforming fabrics, consolidating future collections and packing away
certain core items where we can achieve strong margins in upcoming seasons.

In parallel to hunkering down from a cash, cost and inventory perspective, we redirected our focus early
on to demand creation to where the consumer was shopping. We have supercharged our e-commerce
channels across all brands and regions, both own and operated, and we are collaborating very closely with
Tmall, Zalando and Amazon, among others, in ways that moves us to where the consumer is going, both
in terms of live events, product launches as well as connecting our inventory from our bricks-and-mortar
stores to serve our own e-commerce as well as partner platforms. What is exciting to see is that our
consumers have expressed a strong demand for our brands across all digital platforms. A few examples:
our own digital businesses had excellent performance during the first quarter. Calvin's digital revenues
were up 40% and Tommy's own digital business up over 60% with triple-digit increases in the second
quarter to date.

Our Calvin North America e-commerce business turned a quarterly profit for the first time in ck.com's
history. In Asia, we furthered our partnership with Tmall by featuring a virtual exhibit for our CK One
product drop and our CK One Tmall Club Day saw a strong consumer demand and sell-throughs. In
Europe, we accelerated the rollout of connected e-commerce with Zalando and About You, and our ship-
from-store penetration reached double digits for Zalando in April and May.

North America, our Amazon business benefited from significant growth in Prime memberships. And this
month, we will participate in their summer sales at Soft Lines as they move their Prime Day to October.

In the product assortment across brands and regions, we have seen the consumers in an accelerated way
going towards cash on essential products. There is a big increase in demand for our essential categories
like underwear, loungewear, t-shirts, hoodies, athleisure, activewear as well as jeans. All these categories
are core strengths of both brands. We have redirected big product introduction and product collaborations
to e-commerce and done some of them purely digital. Our CK One launch had an Instagram reach of 57
million people. We also launched our Tommy Jeans Looney Tunes capsule in a livestream partnership with
Tmall, achieving over 45 million impressions.

Lastly, this crisis has made it clear that our product lead times have come down across the board to
better match inventory to the current demand trends. Our marketing has also been redirected towards
social and digital to reflect the time we are living in. For Calvin, we hosted monthly live stream session
from WeChat using local talents in the campaigns. Calvin recently launched its Pride 2020 campaign,
#proudinmycalvins, across social, digital and e-commerce in over 20 markets. Initial sell-through is strong
and the campaign and collection had a plus 89% increase in average comments per post.

At Tommy, we livestreamed our spring collections with the ability for consumers to purchase directly from
the event for wear now product. Tommy also hosted 4 celebrity livestreams on short video platform,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PVH CORP. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 12, 2020

GoWin, which secured 1.5 million views and helped us convert both new and existing consumers to
purchase.

All our brands have refocused on engaging with the consumer in a more interactive way than any time
before.

I would also like to take a step back and give some global brand highlights, starting with Calvin. Calvin
Klein began first quarter with strong brand health, including very strong global awareness. The Calvin
Klein lifestyle is truly resonating with consumers during this time, particularly our underwear, loungewear,
activewear and wear now offerings. We adapted our marketing message to reflect this through our
#athomeinmycalvins campaign. Our efforts were successful as we saw significant growth in new consumer
shopping our sites, and we continue to focus on new consumer acquisition as well as retention and
conversion. For example, our CK One launch, which is our replay of the iconic genderless collection from
the 1990s cater to the younger consumer and now represents 10% of our CK underwear sales in Asia.

Before COVID crisis hit, we had already started the work with setting the forward-looking brand direction
for Calvin Klein. And I'm pleased to share that the team has completed this work, and we are looking
forward to take you through it in detail at a later time. So now I would just like to share that the evolved
brand direction is built around going back to the iconic DNA of the brand and reconnecting it to the
consumer and culture of today. It's focused on serving clients unique strengths as one of few authentic
global lifestyle brands and will be a very strong foundation to drive consumer engagement and profitable
growth for the years to come. The response from our own teams and external collaborators has been very
strong.

Moving on to Tommy Hilfiger. Tommy entered 2020 with a strong underlying momentum. I would like to
start with welcoming Martijn as our COO for Tom Hilfiger Global and PVH Europe. Martijn has been the co-
pilot behind the Tommy Hilfiger brand and business success over the last few years. He is a very strong
leader and value creator.

Tommy Hilfiger was recognized in the top 20 on Vogue's business index for the top 50 luxury brands,
which ranks brands across consumer sentiment, digital presence, omnichannel performance, sustainability
reporting and financial performance. We also had exceptional sell-through of collaboration launches
throughout the quarter, including Tommy Jeans Looney Tunes capsule, which shows that our differentiation
is a true advantage, especially in a market like China.

Moving on to Heritage. We are pleased to close on our sale of the Speedo business to Pentland in April
for approximately $170 million. And we will look for additional opportunities to streamline and/or exit
businesses that are non-core to us. Our Heritage Brands business was under significant pressure, although
the online businesses from our wholesale partners was a partial offset. The cash realization trend that's
being accelerated by COVID, that's working for us in both Calvin and Tommy, is working against us in
the more formal wear to work product categories in Heritage. We are addressing these challenges by
managing inventory levels more prudently, lowering our cost base, evaluating our store portfolio and
reviewing additional ways to optimize and streamline the business.

Finally, as Manny mentioned, navigating through this crisis has made us even more aware of the many
unique strength we have to build on coming out of COVID. We have 2 of the most iconic brands in the
market globally, in Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein, both with very strong global awareness as well as
big, strong consumer bases around the world. We also have a very strong multichannel presence in North
America, Europe and Asia, and we are increasingly matching our reach towards where the consumer is
voting to shop. And the crisis has made us move faster and get even closer to the customer. And what
we have realized navigating through the immediate crisis is that many of the key learnings from doing
the crisis work are very tightly connected to what it will take to win post COVID. Overall, we see that the
COVID effects in our business reflects big accelerations of existing underlying consumer market trends and
increased focus on e-commerce, product relevance and consumer engagement will be core priorities as we
are driving towards an accelerated recovery.

And with that, I would like to turn it over to Mike.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PVH CORP. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 12, 2020

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Thanks, Stefan. I want to briefly touch on the first quarter 2020 results, then move on to the current
state of the business. As expected, our business was significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic
as the majority of our stores and our wholesale partner stores were closed for 6 weeks on average during
the quarter. As a result of the widespread store closures, revenues from our retail stores were down
approximately 50% to 65% depending on the region.

Shipments to our wholesale customers sharply reduced as well, resulting in an overall decline of 41% in
our global wholesale revenues. Our directly operated digital e-commerce businesses were fully operational
during the quarter, and we experienced strong revenue growth in all regions, up 40% versus the prior
year with double-digit to triple-digit revenue increases during the period while our stores were closed. This
growth in e-commerce partially offset declines in our brick-and-mortar and wholesale revenues.

Overall, our reported revenue was down 43%. Tommy Hilfiger revenues were down 39% with international
down 32% and North America down 51%. Calvin Klein revenue was down 46%, with international down
40% and North America down 54%. Heritage revenues were down 47%.

In addition to the revenue decline, our results were under significant pressure in the quarter due to a $97
million increase in accounts receivable write-offs and inventory reserves and a significant deleveraging of
expenses. We continue to pay certain retail associates for all and most of the time our stores were closed
and the measures we are taking to reduce expenses didn't take effect until the end of the quarter.

The unprecedented revenue and earnings decline as a result of the pandemic resulted in a loss per share
on a non-GAAP basis of $3.03 for the first quarter. On a GAAP basis, due to the pandemic and reduction
in our market cap, we took noncash goodwill and intangible asset charges of $933 million. Also, we took
noncash impairment charges totaling $16 million related to store assets and $12 million related to an
equity method investment.

Moving on to the current state. Our second quarter and full year 2020 results will continue to be
significantly negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and we expect that our revenue decline
in the second quarter will be more pronounced than the first quarter. The duration and extent of the
pandemic remains highly uncertain. Our results could be impacted in ways we are still not able to predict
today and as a result, we are not in a position to issue more detailed guidance for the second quarter or
for the fiscal year.

We are continuing with our Phase 3 opening of our stores in the U.S. and around the world. By mid-June,
over 85% of our stores will be reopened globally. Although most of the stores are operating with reduced
hours and occupancy levels, while sales remained down across all regions on a year-over-year basis,
traffic and sales trends are improving each week.

Second quarter-to-date we're seeing same-store sales for our brick-and-mortar stores that have
reopened, running about down 25% from North America, down 20% for Europe and down 25% for total
Asia, with China flat, and China was the first country to close and the first country to reopen with the
pandemic. All in second quarter-to-date for our total direct-to-consumer business, including stores that
were closed for a portion of all of the second quarter-to-date and our directly operated digital commerce
sites, we are running about down 65% for North America, down 25% for Europe and down 11% for total
Asia, but China is up 25%.

Additionally, most of our wholesale customers have now reopened in the majority of their locations across
all regions. However, due to the significant levels of inventory that remain in stores, the majority of
our North American and European brick-and-mortar wholesale partners stopped accepting shipments
beginning in March, which has not materially improved into the second quarter.

In response to the pandemic, we are taking every proportion to reduce our expenses and working capital.
These actions started in mid-April and are continuing into the second quarter and the rest of the year. We
are reducing payroll costs, including salary and incentive comp, furloughs, decreased working hours and
hiring freezes as well as taking advantage of applicable government relief programs. We are eliminating or

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PVH CORP. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 12, 2020

reducing other discretionary and variable expenses, including marketing, travel, consulting, and creative
and design costs. We are also tightly managing inventories, including reducing and canceling inventory
commitments, redeploying basic inventory items to subsequent seasons and consolidating future seasonal
collections as well as negotiating extended payment terms with our suppliers.

I want to emphasize that our priority has been on cash flow and liquidity. We ended the quarter with $1.8
billion of liquidity, including cash of approximately $800 million and $1 billion of available borrowings
under our revolving credit facilities.

As previously announced, we moved quickly to reinforce liquidity in response to the pandemic. We
suspended share repurchases under our stock repurchase program in March, following approximately $110
million repurchases we completed in the first quarter, and we suspended our cash dividend beginning with
the second quarter. We entered into a new $275 million 364-day revolving credit facility and issued an
additional EUR 175 million, of 3.625% senior notes due 2024.

Importantly, we obtained a waiver of the leverage and interest coverage covenants under our senior
credit facilities through and including the first quarter of 2021. We are cutting capital expenditures to
approximately $190 million in 2020 from $345 million in 2019, with capital expenditures only from
minimum requirements in our retail stores and for projects currently in progress related to our systems
and warehouses.

Additionally, we closed on the sale of our Speedo North America business to Pentland Group PLC, the
parent company of the Speedo brand, in April for proceeds of about $170 million. We will give guidance
for future quarters in the year once there is more clarity on the impact and duration of the COVID-19
pandemic.
And with that, operator, we will open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PVH CORP. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 12, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll now take our first question in the queue. This comes from Erinn Murphy from
Piper Sandler.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I guess my first question is on the virtual composition on the other side COVID-19. You referenced in
the script kind of good trends in that leisure/comfort, curious how durable you see that? How is Denim
performing, particularly with your expectations? And then on the Heritage business, does it still make
strategic sense in a post-COVID world?

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Yes. So Erinn, when it comes to the cash utilization trend in product, it's a trend that we saw pre-COVID
and we see the COVID effect accelerating that. And everything we see in the data and how the consumer
is shopping is saying that, that trend will continue. And it's core to -- what excites us there is that the big
casual product categories like underwear, t-shirts, hoodies, including veteran suits, those are all core to
our 2 big brands.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

I guess on the Heritage side, Erinn, I would say is we're taking a hard look. You could see that in the
decision to sell the Speedo business, which was a good business, but just didn't fit strategically when we
were moving the company. And I think we'll take a hard look at continuing to prune the Heritage business
back and look for streamlining opportunities in the future. We are not seeing the return on our investment
and return on invested capital. So I think we will continue to be aggressive in that area.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then, I guess, my second question is just around -- with the strength of digital,
have your views around the retail footprint or your own retail, have those evolved? And do you expect to
be kind of a net closer or a net opener of stores over the next few years? And then just any comment on
tourist stores because I know there's a bit heavier hit? Where do you see that role going forward?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

I think when we look at the store portfolio, I think we're taking a hard look at how that needs to develop.
And I think those stores that were 6 months ago, 4 months ago cash flow positive, marginally profitable, I
think those stores with the pressure that's been put on from the pandemic and the shift to digital is really
pointing to the need to reevaluate those stores and look to streamline the portfolio. And I think that will
continue, though, particularly here in the United States, and I think to some degree, in Europe as we look
at that portfolio.

In Asia, where we are underdeveloped from a retail point of view, China, it's just about every market in
Asia, we've got a good brand positioning. Well, there seems to be brick-and-mortar opportunity there. So
I think there will be a net opener. And I think in the more mature markets, we'll probably be a net closer
over time.

The second question, as you could imagine, we're seeing tremendous results, positive results in our
permanent population stores, smaller cities, cities that really are driven by -- stores that are really driven
by the consumer in that geographic market, both here in Europe, Asia and in North America. And we are
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PVH CORP. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 12, 2020

being dramatically hurt by tourist location stores. And we just think about the biggest Orlando, Las Vegas,
Guam in Asia, Hong Kong, that market that drives off of it in Europe, Paris, Milan, London, those stores
which are big profit producers, without that international tourism, those stores are down significantly more
than the overall averages and our permanent population stores across the board are much positive to flat
to ultimately down slightly.

Operator

We'll now take our next question from Bob Drbul from Guggenheim.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just from the perspective of inventories, I was wondering if you could give us your view on the
progression towards supply demand getting back in balance, both within your business, but also within
many of your customers, just in terms of like a time line or how you really see it playing out? And then the
second question is just can you talk a little bit about distribution around door closures and wholesale door
closures and how you're approaching that sort of as you think through the rest of this year and into next
year?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Yes, I'm going to make Mike speak to the inventory question, and I'll come back on distribution.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

So you know Bob, in each region, we have this period of closure. Good when the pipeline goods were
flowing, and you see that in our inventories. Our inventories are not reflective of the second quarter
demand and there our balances are reflective of goods that we will be liquidating throughout the year. Our
expectation is that we will get cleaner each quarter as we move through the year, but we will carry some
goods over. Basic core spring product, white T-shirts, underwear that don't change from -- that will not
have a significant change, and we believe can sell next year, we will carry, pack and hold and put into our
spring assortments for next year. So -- and that number is going to be, let's call it, around $250 million.
So in effect, I don't think you will see the inventories truly reflect demand for some time in the first half of
next year.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

I think, Bob, when you think about distribution, we're clearly watching it closely. Distribution, meaning
that we know the wholesale channel, the department store channel that we sell into worldwide, Europe
and North America, specifically, we saw the tremendous pressure. And I think inevitably, we're going to
see store closures and contraction in business. We've already seen bankruptcies, and we'll be repurchasing
real estate and consolidation. And I think it's clear to us that this is not an environment where you want to
get too far from an inventory point of view and a demand point of view for fall. We're being very cautious
how we're buying for fall. Based on what we're seeing in our order books, we are not planning on excess
replenishment within season. As Mike said, we got plenty of core to support the most profitable sides of
our business that underway our basic business, our basic sportswear business. Those businesses, plenty of
inventory to support that and meet the demand. But when it comes to fashion sportswear and things like
that, we're really buying very, very tightly. And that's going to continue as we watch both the coronavirus
impact, but also just the inevitable acceleration of the virus is causing to close it then. So we'll see how
that all plays out.

Operator

We'll now take our next question from Michael Binetti from Crédit Suisse.

Michael Charles Binetti

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PVH CORP. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 12, 2020

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I think Manny said, related to your comment that calvin.com just turned profitable. As we look at your
overall digital business, I know you've been ramping up your digital shops in recent years than the past.
I think you really relied on your wholesale partners to capture the digital consumer for you and all the
spending that it takes to drive traffic to the sites and the digital CapEx that goes with it. Can you talk a
little bit about how quick you think you are today if your output of this whole period and the consumer
engaging directly with the brands online after this? How does your digital business overall influence your
gross margins, SG&A and operating margins?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

I think impacting the first quarter profitability, the digital business, both our own sites and our pure-play
digital players with our partners like Tmall, Amazon, Zalando, those wholesale partners, pure-play, those
are some of our most profitable businesses. And what we -- some of the efficiencies that we've built into
our own e-comm business and scale, which has really turned those businesses much more profitable for
us. So really the e-comm business had no negative impact at all on our profitability in the first quarter.
That profitability impact was really driven by the reduced sales volume, the expense initiatives that really
began late in the fourth quarter as the stores closed, and we continue to pay people for a month before
we started to furlough and take other initiatives hoping that this would be quicker. So I think you'll see
those start to become more in line as we get to the second half of the year, the expense ratios. And
our margins were impacted by the reserves we took in total $100 million. A big portion of that towards
margins for future markdowns that we're anticipating in the second and third quarter. So I think that
would have much more impact on our profitability margins and the loss that was generated.

And then finally, I would just say is, as this demand curve on e-commerce continues, we are seeing our
profitability significantly improved in that channel of distribution both from a direct-to-consumer where we
are doing everything and selling directly and particularly where we're working with our third-party players
that by far is our most profitable business.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I guess just as a follow-up to that. At scale, is that business going to be your own digital business? At
scale, is that going to be a positive to your long-term margins? I know at a certain point, it's going to be
a very highly variable cost structure. I guess -- and I do want to ask one follow-up. I'm curious about
the -- we've heard a number of wholesalers packing away inventory, you said about $250 million, what's
the response from the factories while they're seeing you and your peers packing away inventory, which
inevitably means they're going to have capacity issues over the next year? Do you need to support them
in any way to make sure the capacity is there when you need it? And do they need to start taking physical
assets out of your system for the new normal? How should we think about that?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Okay. So you want to take the second point, Mike? On the suppliers and how we're trying to support them
and...

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Yes. Look, we are working with our suppliers in every way, shape and form to keep them healthy, to keep
them on track. Our supply base, in general, consist of bigger players rather than smaller players. So
there is some stability in that mix. We do have a financing program that allows us some flexibility with
our vendors as well. So it is -- there is pressure in the whole supply base as people have been canceling
orders and doing the pack and hold. So the only offset to that has been that many of the factories were
closed and demand was down. We now see our factories back to pretty much a normal level of -- they're
open, but still dealing with social distancing and some of the issues around the pandemic less efficiency.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PVH CORP. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 12, 2020

And they just continue to make adjustments to try to work in the new world, and we're doing everything
we can to help.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

And communication is key, which we're communicating responsibly so we can adjust, modify, do whatever
they can, trying to work together. But I don't believe it's going to require any significant material support
above and beyond what would be in a normal course.

Stefan Larsson
President

And Michael, coming back to your question on e-commerce, the redistribution choices we will make going
forward will follow where the consumer is going. And we see big opportunities, both for own and operated
e-commerce. And as Manny mentioned, the third-party e-commerce and the connections between the 2.
Scale will continue to improve our profitability in those channels as well as our continuous improvements
in execution in -- and that's something that I mentioned in my notes that we are very pleased to see
how our teams across the world are leaning into e-commerce, and as you know, it's about continuous
improvements on multiple parts. And we see both the demand being there and us increasingly profitable
tapping into that demand.

Operator

We'll now take our next question from Jay Sole from UBS.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just a follow-up on the comments about gross margin and the sort of $97 million on inventory, accounts
receivable that was taken, the charge that was taken this quarter and also the fact that on SG&A, some of
the actions that you took came at the end of first quarter, so we didn't see a whole lot of those impact in
Q1. Can you just give us a little bit more directional color on how you see gross margin in 2Q playing out?
And how you see SG&A dollars trending in Q2 relative to where they went in Q1?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

On the gross margin front, I think we're going to see a leveling off year-over-year. You should see it. And
based on the response that we're seeing -- the favorable response that we're seeing as we open our stores
and not needing to be as maybe as promotional as we anticipated, we're encouraged by that, and we
think that there's a positive impact that we'll see overall compared to first quarter in -- from a margin
perspective. And then in addition, if you think about our business from a gross margin point of view, the
mix of business in the second quarter, in particular, that will shift more so to a retail model given the fact
that wholesale in the second quarter would be under more pressure. That will also have a positive impact
on margins overall, offset by the world and the promotional nature, just in general, what should be out
there as everybody is clearing spring/summer inventory through the second quarter instead of early third
quarter.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

And on the expenses, it was -- the spread between the prior year and this year, as you said, is only -- we
didn't have a full quarter of savings in Q1. In Q2, you will see that spread get wide. We'll see additional
savings as we get the full quarter of the benefit rather than on a partial quarter.

Operator

We'll now take our next question from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group.

Dana Lauren Telsey

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PVH CORP. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 12, 2020

Telsey Advisory Group LLC

Regarding the topic of product lead times that Stefan mentioned, how do you frame that in terms of the
target? And what it means for margin and inventory levels going forward?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Stefan, do you want to talk to that?

Stefan Larsson
President

Dana, thank you for the question. It's an important one and one that's being very clear coming out of the
crisis work that we will continuously help to improve the lead times. And as you know, there are multiple
components on lead times. There is lead times connected to core replenishment that can get us down to
1 to 2 months replenishment. And then there is read and react capabilities to seeing when demand trends
take off to then react to those versus being bought up front. So we are working, then there are the overall
product development lead times that have to come down and will come down. And both in Calvin and
Tommy and the Heritage division, we're working with digitalizing the supply chain and the sourcing and
product development. So that will cut lead time. So we'll come back later on with specific targets, but it's
very clear that it's a combination of those 3 activities.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

And Dana, I'm just going to add that this is an area that Stefan has been working with our product teams,
our sourcing teams and our logistics teams. And I think pre-pandemic, we were very optimistic about
being able to demonstrate some of those benefits going into second half of 2020. Unfortunately, those
benefits that will be there, I think, is going to get masked from a financial perspective this year because of
all the noise around the pandemic because of the issues and the need to carry excess inventory. And so it
was not to stuff the channels with excess goods. But I think as we get into 2021, we really could start to
see some of the benefits that Stefan has brought to the company, working with our teams very closely to
really get those benefits on lead times that should enhance margin and hopefully, over time, reduce our
inventory carrying.

Operator

We'll now take our next question from Heather Balsky from Bank of America.

Heather Nicole Balsky
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

There are a lot of questions with regard to the reshaping of your distribution footprint given the COVID
crisis with wholesale closures being accelerated and the shift to online accelerated. Can you help us
understand the bigger picture about what this all means from a growth algorithm perspective where
wholesale is a pretty high EBIT margin channel, but e-commerce sounds like it's strengthening, and just
how you're thinking about it?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Well, Heather, I think Stefan said really well is we need to move where the consumer is moving. We
need to go where the consumer is shopping. Trying in the midst of this crisis to try and give you and our
investor group specific guidance about sales growth and what will be shrinking, what will be growing,
what -- if we could do it, we'd be giving guidance right now. It's just a -- it's coming at us very fast.
We're reacting to it very fast. We're using common inventories in wholesale, retail and the digital channel.
We're not like we had been in the past that we can use inventories across channels. And I think that's
allowing us the flexibility to react. And it's also built in a level of conservatism, at least, for the next 6
to 9 months that we just can't be chasing goods or growth the way we might have in a different time

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PVH CORP. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 12, 2020

frame on a different economic situation. So I'd love to give you more color. I'd like to have more color
exactly what's going to happen. But I think in some ways, this is going to be how agile every -- we can
be, our competitors are going to be in order to react what's going to be coming at us from the wholesale
department store channel, what's going to be coming out in the brick-and-mortar retail channel and
having the system capability and logistics capability to take advantage of the growth on digital, which, this
year, will grow from 2019, which we thought we had a good year. We grew about 12% of our business.
This is going to be a significant growth for us, driven by the demand and also driven by the pressures that
we're seeing in retail channel.

Stefan Larsson
President

Yes. Just to build on what Manny just said as well, it's the consumer -- we have to start with the consumer
and the consumer shops across all channels increasingly. So there is an e-commerce piece and there is a
brick-and-mortar piece, and there will continue to be a bricks-and-mortar piece. We see when we open up
our stores again that the consumer is coming back slightly ahead of our internal forecast. And so for us,
it's going to be about the omnichannel across to say in a shopping region, how is the consumer shopping
across digital and physical channels and to Manny's points, we're going to match where the consumer
demand is.

Operator

We'll now take our next question from Jamie Merriman from Bernstein.

Jamie Susan Merriman
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Stefan and Manny, you both talked about being where the consumer is. And it sounds like in the quarter
as you emphasize those omnichannel capabilities, you speed up some capabilities like ship-from-store and
curbside pickup relatively quickly. I'm just wondering, are there systems investments that still need to
be made to support those omnichannel activities over the longer term? And how should we think about
those?

Stefan Larsson
President

Just to start answering your questions, we -- you're right. This quarter, the crisis drove us to move faster
on connecting digital with physical stores. And we were pleasantly surprised on how fast we can move
on that. And one big aspect was to connect the inventory in physical stores to serve our digital channels.
So when it comes to investments, again, we -- anybody in this -- everybody in this industry has to
continuously invest into those capabilities. When it came to the-ship-from-store capability, it was a lower
investment and faster impact than what we have expected. But over time, we will have to continue to
invest in those capabilities coming back again to where the customers go.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Yes. Look, I would just add, we had -- we gave our guidance on CapEx is $190 million. In there, all the
investments on the capital side that we're making on e-commerce, omnichannel should come to all those
pieces. And those were really redeployed. We basically have moved investments that we would have made
in other business into that sector.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

And I think that the deployment will continue into future periods that, again, the $195 million is
significantly lower than our historical cap spend. But I think if you're thinking about our cap spend, it will
be in line with what our historical leverage has been in dollars and as a percentage of sales.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PVH CORP. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 12, 2020

Our next question comes from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan.

Matthew Robert Boss
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Manny, maybe any material difference in demand recovery from here that you're planning for as we think
about Europe versus the U.S. based on what you've seen so far on the openings? And with that, what's
the level of promotional activity that you're seeing necessary to drive demand in Europe versus the U.S.
today?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Let's talk about the promotional level. As always, the promotional level is lower in Europe than in
the United States. And I think that this hasn't changed that. We're seeing in Europe, very strong full-price
selling across the board and -- in our full-price stores and in our other channels, we've really targeted our
promotions very efficiently. In the U.S., when initially opened, we came out of the box very strong from a
promotion point of view. We were anticipating even higher promotions than what actually is happening in
the stores today. We have since backed off of that initial promotional cadence. And since we're doing on a
POS basis, that gives us the flexibility. As we saw demand exceed our expectations, we have pulled back
on the promotional cadence overall. I would compare the promotional cadence in the U.S. to be slightly
more than it was this time last year, but not nearly as promotional as we is going to be going forward. So I
hope that gives you some color.

Okay. And I think with this we're going to take our last question, as right now, it's just about -- it's after
10 and we're going to try to get back to business. So last question, operator?

Operator

We'll take our last question from Omar Saad from Evercore.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Two quick questions. Number one is a bit of a technical question. So I think about the stores that were
open in the first quarter versus second quarter, are stores and kind of the percentage versus the total
overall possible store hours, if you will, is that percentage going to go up or down in 2Q? My assumption
is stores are less open in 2Q overall versus 1Q, but I want to kind of get confirmation from that. And then
second question, Stefan, I was really curious here you talked about Calvin Klein, the work you guys have
done there on the brand. You're hinting at the DNA, hearkening back to the kind of iconic DNA, maybe a
little bit more information insight around that? Are we talking about Brooke Shields? Are we talking about
Marky Mark? I would appreciate your color there.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

I'll give Stefan a chance to put the marketing campaign together, but all kidding aside, thanks for the
question, Omar. On -- clearly, as we go through the second quarter with the stores, if you take the month
of February out of the equation, we're going to be significantly more open in the second quarter than we
were in the first quarter as we move forward. Right now, I think, as we say in all our disclosure, we're
about 85% open mid-June. So by the end of this weekend, about 85% of our stores will be opened. Store
hours are less. I think that store hours on average are probably down 15% to 20%, robust number to
give you a sense that it's cut. It's also store capacity is down. So we can only let so many people in at a
time. And in some locations, we have lines outside the store. All of those things are impacting us, where
our store traffic is down significantly more than our sales traffic, and I think that's driven by a couple of
things. Consumers -- customers that are out and shopping are out and shopping with a purpose. They
need something they're out there. They're shopping. They're not just browsing. They're shopping. And
secondly, I think we're being very effective on how we are converting customers. We're offering strong
value in our product, which we really saw in February and coming out of the fourth quarter, we saw

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PVH CORP. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 12, 2020

tremendous momentum in our spring product globally at Calvin and Tommy Hilfiger. And that momentum
as the customers come in and they're voting, they're really hitting that target. I think Stefan is not going
to give, as you know, in the Calvin organization. We don't announce marketing campaigns way ahead of
time until they're ready to be announced. But I think he'll give you just a flavor of what we're trying to.

Stefan Larsson
President

Just coming back to what I shared earlier, it's what the team has done really well is to go back and decode
the Calvin DNA covering some of those talents that you mentioned. But what they do from there is to
make sure that they understand what made the brand iconic and resonate and become a $10-billion
brand. And then they connect those components, those DNA components to the consumer and culture
today. You will see it gradually coming out. You will see it in social media. You will see it in collaborations.
You will see it in an increased folk of modern essential. So if you think about it, Calvin's brand philosophy
-- Calvin was 20 years ahead when he focused on the essential products. One thing Calvin kept back --
kept coming back to what's the meaning of each product, what's the intent behind each product, and it's
never been more relevant today. So you will see, as Manny mentioned, you will see it over time.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, everyone. We really appreciate it. Thank you taking the time on this call. We look forward to
speaking to you in August with our second quarter results. Everyone, please stay safe and healthy. Have a
great day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

PVH CORP. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 12, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

