PVH Corp. NYSE:PVH
FQ3 2022 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, December 02, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2022-

-FQ4 2022-

-FY 2022-

-FY 2023-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

2.06

2.67

29.61

2.00

1.94

9.30

9.25

9.86

2403.85

2332.50

(2.97 %)

2358.99

-

9088.26

-

9619.35

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Dec-02-2021 1:49 PM GMT

FQ4 2021

FQ1 2022

FQ2 2022

FQ3 2022

CONSENSUS

(0.34)

0.83

1.20

2.06

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

ACTUAL

(0.38)

1.92

2.72

2.67

SURPRISE

NM

131.33 %

126.67 %

29.61 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PVH CORP. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 02, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dana M. Perlman
Chief Strategy Officer & Treasurer

James W. Holmes
Executive VP, Interim CFO &
Controller

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Brooke Siler Roach
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Tracy Jill Kogan
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PVH CORP. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 02, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day and welcome to the PVH Q3 2021 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this
time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dana Perlman. Please go ahead, ma'am.

Dana M. Perlman
Chief Strategy Officer & Treasurer

Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the PVH Corp. Third Quarter 2021
Earnings Conference Call. Leading the call today will be Stefan Larsson, PVH's Chief Executive Officer; and
Jim Holmes, EVP, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Controller.

This webcast and conference call is being recorded on behalf of PVH and consists of copyrighted material.
It may not be recorded, rebroadcast or otherwise transmitted without PVH's written permission. Your
participation in the question-and-answer session constitutes your consent to having anything you say
appear on any transcript or replay of this call.

The information to be discussed includes forward-looking statements that reflect PVH's view as of
December 1, 2021, of future events and financial performance. These statements are subject to risks
and uncertainties indicated in the company's SEC filings and the safe harbor statement included in the
press release that is the subject of this call. These risks and uncertainties include PVH's right to change its
strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions and its need to use significant cash flow to service its
debt obligations.

Significantly, at this time, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to have a significant impact on the
company's business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. There is significant
uncertainty about the duration and extent of the impact of the pandemic. The dynamic nature of these
circumstances means what is said on this call could change materially at any time. Therefore, the
operation of the company's business and its future results of operations could differ materially from
historical practices and results or current descriptions, estimates and suggestions. PVH does not undertake
any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, including, without limitation, any
estimates or suggestions regarding revenue or earnings.

Generally, the financial information and projections to be discussed will be on a non-GAAP basis as defined
under SEC rules. Reconciliations to GAAP amounts are included in PVH's third quarter 2021 earnings
release, which can be found on www.pvh.com and in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished
to the SEC in connection with the release.

At this time, I'm pleased to turn the conference over to Stefan Larsson.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Thank you, Dana. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today.

For the third quarter, we delivered another strong quarter of high-quality growth, driven by the disciplined
execution of our accelerated recovery priorities across both Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger: driving brand
and product strength with increased pricing power, supercharging e-commerce to win in the digitally led
marketplace, where we are on track for a 25% digital penetration of our total business for the full year,
double pre-pandemic levels, all while increasing our discipline in driving cost efficiencies and investing in
growth.

All this has resulted in much better-than-expected EBIT margins and EPS, which significantly exceeded
our guidance, with EBIT margins for the quarter above pre-pandemic levels and our gross margin rate up
300 basis points versus 2019. Our international businesses continued to execute very well across brands,
with increased product strength and strong consumer engagement, both online and in stores. This resulted

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PVH CORP. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 02, 2021

in strong sales growth, significantly increased pricing power and margin expansion compared to both last
year and to pre-pandemic levels.

In North America, despite worsening logistics disruptions, including U.S. port delays towards the very
end of the quarter, which shifted revenues from the third to the fourth quarter, the region is still on track
to deliver against the full year plans. Without this shift of revenues to Q4, we would have exceeded our
overall revenue guidance for the quarter.

Looking ahead at the full year. Despite the COVID-related disruptions we are all currently navigating,
based on the strength of our underlying performance trends and most recently through early positive
reads of the start of our holiday season, we are affirming the upper end of our revenue guidance and are
increasing our earnings guidance for the full year.

We are raising our EBIT margin guidance to nearly 10%, which is above 2019 and pre-pandemic
levels. Our guidance is based on the knowledge we have of the COVID situation today and how we
have successfully navigated through previous COVID resurgences, yet we are carefully monitoring
developments around the new COVID variant and its impact on the consumer.

Let me now turn to our regional update, starting with Europe. Our Europe team delivered another very
strong quarter with continued market share gains. Both Tommy and Calvin generated strong double-digit
revenue growth compared to pre-pandemic levels, with gross margin expansion above 2019 levels driven
by strong full-price sell-throughs, which, combined with ongoing cost efficiencies, drove significantly
higher operating margins well above pre-pandemic levels.

The region's strong results highlight how we are successfully meeting the consumer through a digitally
led omnichannel approach and continuously elevating the brand positioning through having the best hero
products in the market for both Tommy and Calvin. Continued demand for our brands and products drove
higher conversion and sell-throughs, with strong sales in both our owned and operated channels as well as
our wholesale channels.

We generated digital sales growth of 23%, which included double-digit growth for both our owned
and operated channels and third-party partners, especially with digital pure players. Our investments
in building direct digital consumer connections through our own digital business continue to drive
engagement and fuel high-quality growth.

Our brick-and-mortar retail business significantly outperformed our plan and impressively delivered
double-digit growth above pre-pandemic levels. Demand in our core replenishment business remains
strong, on top of future order books for spring 2022 across brands, which, as a reminder, are up double
digits. I visited over 40 stores across 4 countries in Europe this past quarter, and it was incredibly exciting
to see the key drivers behind the region's performance and to meet and learn from the teams that are
directly driving these strong results.

The way we focus on the consumer, drive brand elevation, product strength, pricing power and winning
across the marketplace, led by digital, all serve as a blueprint for the type of top-tier execution and
financial performance that we will, over time, be able to deliver for Calvin and Tommy across all our
regions. While we are closely monitoring the recent COVID resurgences in multiple markets in Europe, our
business there has demonstrated strong resilience during previous COVID resurgences, with our ability
to pivot to where the consumer is going faster than most of our competitors by leveraging our connected
retail capabilities.

Moving on to Asia. I remain excited about the progress and the underlying performance in the region.
Results were led by China, which outperformed our plan, while revenues for the region overall were in
line with pre-pandemic levels, and trends were consistent with the prior quarter. This is despite facing
additional COVID resurgences across markets, which was particularly pronounced in Australia. For a
significant portion of the quarter, over half of our stores in Australia were closed. And we are now pleased
that strong consumer demand has returned as the market has been able to open up again.

In Asia, we continue to invest in driving growth and building awareness for our brands, focusing on
key consumer moments, strengthening product storytelling for key categories and hero products and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PVH CORP. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 02, 2021

enhancing the consumer experience in our stores. With our focus on driving brand and product relevance,
our regional and local marketing campaigns are resonating with consumers as we saw strong performance
of our fall and winter collections.

And we continue to build brand heat and strong engagement, particularly around key holidays. For
example, China's 11/11 Singles' Day outperformed our plan with double-digit sales increases for both
Tommy and Calvin, with strong full-price selling which follows a nice improvement of traffic in the market.

We also continue to further enhance the consumer experience, both online as well as off-line, through new
concepts. Ahead of Singles' Day, we hosted a CK Jeans House of Denim pop-up in Shanghai. This event
showcased brand storytelling and featured interactive consumer engagement activities, driving significant
social media exposure with over 300 million impressions.

Online, our interactive experiences on Tmall and live streaming events are achieving high viewership and
engagement. And we're excited about the upcoming special product capsules and 360 digital activations
in honor of the Chinese Lunar New Year. In addition, inventory levels continue to be very lean as we are
buying inventory closer to demand.

Turning to North America. The region continued to face pressure from the lack of tourism, which, pre-
pandemic, accounted for 30% to 40% of our total revenues in the market. In addition, towards the end of
the quarter, as I mentioned earlier, we experienced worsening U.S. port delays in October, which pushed
some of our revenues from Q3 to Q4.

Inventory receipt delays have also impacted our retail businesses in this region, especially for Tommy
Hilfiger, which has a higher penetration of seasonal product offerings. However, there are some early green
shoots, and we saw borders start to reopen. In the quarter, I had the opportunity to visit 30 stores in 5
regional markets in North America. And I remain very encouraged about the multiyear opportunity to
unlock a sustainable, increasingly profitable business for both brands.

Given the lack of tourism due to COVID, our teams are leaning in to our accelerated recovery priorities
with a much increased focus on the domestic consumer, particularly with the Gen Z and millennials, and
driving towards an increased product strength with pricing power and supercharging e-commerce while
winning in the whole marketplace in a balanced and sustainable way. Some proof points of our progress
this quarter include: we continue to drive less discounting and higher AURs as domestic consumer
responded well to newness in our fall product, especially in our focus categories and iconic hero products
such as knits, fleece, denim, underwear.

For example, ahead of the holiday season, Calvin partnered with Amazon Fashion, Amazon Live and
Amazon Music to deliver a shoppable live stream holiday special with platinum-selling hit rapper, Saweetie.
The event drove the highest-traffic day on the CK brand store on Amazon Fashion outside of Prime Day.
Overall, as we have shared before, we know we have the most work to do in the North America region to
unlock the multiyear opportunity ahead. This is something we are leaning into with full force, and we'll
keep you updated along the way.

Next, I'll share a few brief global brand highlights, beginning with Calvin Klein. Global brand health
remains strong, with a recent increase in purchase intent, along with continued strong global awareness.
This past quarter was great globally for hero products in our key focus categories, with double-digit
growth in sales and much higher AURs. Our global fall campaign, The Language of Calvin Klein, resonated
very well with our consumers, featuring regionally relevant ambassadors, including Jennie Kim, Damson
Idris and Kaia Gerber, and focus on hero products in support of key seasonal categories like underwear
and jeans.

We also continue to connect our iconic Calvin Klein brand to people who shape culture by launching the
second chapter of the brand's collaboration with designer Heron Preston. The response has been very
positive. And as we saw with the first drop, many styles sold out very quickly. Celebrities and influencers,
including Squid Game star, Ho Yeon Jung, continue to wear and organically post our products.

The collection continues to deliver higher AURs, higher sell-throughs, high conversion and highlighting
the strength and relevance of our collaborations when we connect our brand to culture and the younger

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PVH CORP. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 02, 2021

consumer. We're looking forward to the upcoming holiday season, and we have a strong social media-
based campaign planned for this key selling period.

Moving on to Tommy Hilfiger. Consumer connection, brand awareness and brand relevance remain strong,
with the unique DNA of Tommy as a key growth engine for our business globally. Consumers responded
very positively to our seasonal collections. For menswear, the expansion of hero product programs, such
as the 1985 Menswear Essentials Collection, continued to drive strong results.

Our recent collaboration with Timberland has been very well received. This unique iconic collaboration
drove brand heat and exceeded expectations in traffic and sell-through, with an authentic focus on
sustainability and inclusivity. In Europe, we saw strong double-digit increases in traffic in activated stores
and on tommy.com, and we achieved a 100% sell-through within 2 weeks. The collaboration is attracting
new audiences, with 40% of site visits being made by new users. And we experienced a significant
increase in average spend.

In North America, the capsule is gaining momentum. Over 200 million consumer impressions were
generated across media in 2 weeks. And significant buzz was generated at ComplexCon through a
dedicated brand activation during the event. Lastly, the brand recently kicked off its WORLD OF HILFIGER
Holiday campaign, which welcomes the holiday spirit, embracing traditions, fresh beginnings and the
brand's New York City routes.

In closing, as I have shared previously, when the pandemic hit, we first set out to successfully navigate
through the initial phase of the COVID crisis, which we did, and to do that in a way that sets us up to
drive an accelerated recovery, which we are now driving, all while positioning us to win in the new normal
coming out of it. We look forward to sharing more of how we will win in the new normal when we present
our multiyear growth plan at our upcoming Investor Day in mid-April.

It will be the first Investor Day for PVH in over 10 years, and it will be an important moment for us to take
you through our strategy and long-term performance targets as we look ahead to tapping into more of
our full potential: focusing in on our core strength, connecting them closer to where the consumer is going
than any time before, all with the goal to win with the consumer, drive long-term profitable growth while
driving fashion forward for good. On Investor Day, I look forward to introducing you to our regional and
brand leaders, who are key drivers on this journey.

Before I turn the call over to Jim, I would like to thank all our associates around the world for your hard
work and critical contributions this year. And I wish everyone a happy, healthy and safe holiday season.
And with that, I would like to hand the call over to Jim.

James W. Holmes
Executive VP, Interim CFO & Controller

Thanks, Stefan. The comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results and are reconciled
in our press release. Overall, revenues for the third quarter were up 10% compared to the prior year
but below our previous guidance due to worsening logistics disruptions in October, including significant
U.S. port delays, which resulted in a 4% negative impact from an unplanned shift in the timing of U.S.
wholesale shipments from the third quarter into the fourth quarter.

Absent this shift, our revenues for the third quarter would have exceeded our guidance. Third quarter
revenue also reflects a 4% reduction from the sale of the Heritage Brands business, which closed on
the first day of the third quarter, and also the exit from the Heritage Brands retail business that was
substantially completed in the second quarter of 2021.

Our retail stores faced continued pressure during the third quarter, with the majority of stores temporarily
closed in Australia for most of this year's quarter. Owned and operated digital commerce increased 21%,
and our overall revenue through our digital channels grew approximately 15% on top of exceptionally
strong growth in the prior year. The impact of foreign currency translation on our revenues was immaterial
for the quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PVH CORP. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 02, 2021

Looking at our segments. Tommy Hilfiger revenues were up 12%, with international up 11% and North
America up 13% versus third quarter of 2020. Calvin Klein revenue was up 22%, with international up
19% and North America up 27%. Our Heritage revenues were down 36%, which included a 40% decline
from the Heritage Brands transaction and the exit from the Heritage Brands retail business.

Gross margin was very strong at 57.7% for the quarter as compared to 52% in the prior year and an
increase of over 300 basis points compared to 2019 pre-pandemic levels, which drove operating margin
expansion. The improvement was primarily due to increased full-price sales and a favorable shift in
regional sales mix, which more than offset higher freight costs, including an increase in airfreight.

Inventory was down 7% at the end of the quarter compared to the prior year, primarily due to the
Heritage Brands sale and the exit from the Heritage Brands retail business. However, within our total
inventory, our on-hand levels were down mid-teens versus last year while our in-transit inventory levels
increased over 50% due to extended lead times from supply chain and logistics disruptions, including U.S.
port delays, which drove the shift in timing of U.S. wholesale shipments from the third to fourth quarter
that I mentioned earlier.

Despite the unplanned shift of timing of U.S. wholesale shipments, we significantly exceeded our earnings
guidance for the third quarter. Notably, the shifted shipments were lower-margin, seasonless goods that
we did not use airfreight to transport them.

Earnings per share was $2.67 compared to $1.32 in the prior year period, beating the top end of our
previous guidance by $0.67. The beat was primarily due to business outperformance for approximately
$0.50, driven by gross margin and expense improvements. Also included in the beat is an approximately
$0.17 favorable impact from taxes due to our mix of earnings.

Notably, our EBIT margin continued to be very strong at 11.4% for the quarter, exceeding 2019 pre-
pandemic levels, driven by continued strength in our international business. Additionally, we made over
$100 million of voluntary term loan payments in the third quarter, bringing voluntary payments to over
$800 million for the first 9 months of 2021. And we repurchased approximately 149 million of common
stock and reinstated our cash dividend.

Moving on to our outlook. We are providing our 2021 outlook despite the continued significant uncertainty
due to the pandemic, including the Omicron variant and related supply chain and logistics disruptions
globally. We continue to be encouraged by our international businesses, which are expected to continue to
exceed pre-pandemic levels in the fourth quarter.

We expect North America to continue to face the ongoing challenge of reduced international tourism,
which was the source of approximately 30% to 40% of pre-pandemic revenue from the region, and higher
for Tommy Hilfiger than for Calvin Klein. We are not planning for international tourism to return to any
significant levels in the fourth quarter. In addition, North America has been and continues to be the region
most challenged by supply chain disruptions, including higher airfreight costs and lower-than-optimal
inventory levels on hand in stores.

For the full year, we are reaffirming the top end of our revenue guidance range and are projecting revenue
to grow approximately 27% to 28%, as reported, and approximately 25% to 26% on a constant currency
basis compared to 2020. We expect gross margin will continue to show significant improvement for the
remainder of the year due to more full-price selling and a favorable shift in regional sales mix compared
to the prior year, with our higher-margin international businesses making up a larger portion of total
revenue. We expect our fourth quarter gross margin rate will be relatively in line with the prior 2 quarters.

We now expect our full year EBIT margin will exceed our 2019 pre-pandemic level and will reach nearly
10%. However, our EBIT margin in the fourth quarter is expected to be below 2019 levels and also to the
first 9 months of 2021 as the fourth quarter is more heavily impacted by incremental airfreight as well
as planned increases in marketing and other investments. We expect our interest expense to decrease
in 2021 to approximately $105 million compared to $116 million in 2020. Our tax rate for the year is
estimated at 16% to 17%.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PVH CORP. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 02, 2021

For the full year in 2021, we are projecting non-GAAP earnings per share to be approximately $9.25,
which is an increase compared to our previous guidance of $8.50 and compares to a loss per share
of $1.97 in 2020. The increase versus previous guidance was primarily due to better-than-anticipated
gross margin expansion and operating expense efficiencies worth approximately $0.60, along with an
improvement in taxes of approximately $0.15.

For the fourth quarter, our revenue is projected to increase 11% to 14%, as reported, and 16% to 19% on
a constant currency basis compared to the prior year. Compared to our fourth quarter previously implied
revenue guidance, this reflects the positive impact of the shift of U.S. wholesale shipments from the third
quarter into the fourth quarter and a 2% negative impact of foreign currency translation, primarily due to
the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar compared to the euro. The underlying business performance
has not changed compared to our previously implied guidance.

Fourth quarter non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to be approximately $1.94 compared to a loss
per share of $0.38 in the prior year period. Our fourth quarter guidance reflects an incremental $0.10 of
expected airfreight costs versus our prior expectations.
And with that, operator, we would like to open it up to questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PVH CORP. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 02, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Bob Drbul of Guggenheim.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Two questions for me, if I could. The first one is, I don't know if this is for Jim or Stefan, but can you
talk a little bit about -- you mentioned price increases, really, what you've seen so far from a consumer
receptivity or your wholesale partners on either prices that you have taken higher at this point or plans
that you have sort of in the coming months and quarters?

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. We definitely are moving into an inflationary period and coming back to our accelerated recovery
priorities where we have leaned in since the beginning of the pandemic on brand relevance, product
strength, and we really see the results of that coming through in pricing power. So we see increased AURs.
We see increased gross margin rates.

So looking forward, Jim can give you a little bit more of the details of what we expect in terms of AUC
increases, but we are confident from a product strength perspective that we will continue to drive AUR
increases. And then overall, looking at the inflationary environment we're moving into, we are looking at
both pricing power, sourcing mitigation, and we are looking at cost efficiencies overall. So Jim?

James W. Holmes
Executive VP, Interim CFO & Controller

Yes, Bob. Just to add to what Stefan alluded to, as we head into spring 2022, some of the cost increases
we're starting to see is about mid-single digits. But we do see great strength in our products. So we'll
be looking to mitigate that through different supply chain initiatives, but also through increasing pricing,
particularly in key categories where we see a lot of strength in the business.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. And the other question I have is, can you talk a little bit about the denim trends that you're seeing
within the brands and how you feel you're positioned in some of the denim cycle commentary that we see
out there?

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes, definitely. So we see denim trending up in the market with the consumer. We are excited by that
because we have strengthened denim in both Tommy and Calvin. It's in the DNA of the brand. It's one of
those power categories that we are leaning into. So it's an exciting consumer trend that we are leaning
into, and you will see that increasingly going forward.

Operator

We will now move on to our next question from Michael Binetti of Credit Suisse.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Just a quick one on the near term. I think we had a -- before coming into today, we had a fourth quarter
implied guidance. And you had talked about stepping up marketing in the back half, so we knew about
that. But then excluding the wholesale shift and the FX changes, it looked like the underlying sales for

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PVH CORP. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 02, 2021

fourth quarter pretty much where you thought they'd be, but the SG&A looks like it stepped up a little bit
more for fourth quarter. Maybe help us think about, if that's right, what might have stepped up.

And then Stefan, as we spoke through this year, we talked a little bit about how much opportunity you see
to realign work streams and accelerate product lead times in these different brands. As the shift moves
away from just navigating COVID here globally, maybe you could just help us think about the size of the
opportunity you see there, where the company is at on some of those processes. And what are the biggest
initiatives that you think we'll see as we talk over the next year or so that you'll start working on as far as
like the biggest opportunity for the financials as you start to kind of put some of those changes into play?

James W. Holmes
Executive VP, Interim CFO & Controller

Yes, Michael. I'll start. I'll take your Q4 question and turn it over to Stefan. Really, in Q4, if you just start
with the revenues, the first thing we did is we narrowed the revenue guidance. And really, we increased
it at the bottom end of the range, and we reaffirmed at the top end. In Q4, with revenues, the underlying
business is pretty much held, and we were able to cover some weakening of the euro. The euro did
weaken against the U.S. dollar, particularly we saw that in the last month.

As far as when you get below revenue, really, the main changes we had to incur an additional $0.10 --
$10 million, $0.10 of airfreight costs in Q4. But really, everything underlying, we're still generating very
strong gross margins, just like in Q3, continuing to gain expense efficiencies.

The marketing that I alluded to was always planned to always be very heavily weighted to the second half
of the year, particularly to Q4, where we really wanted to connect those -- that spending to some of the
consumer moments that we have, particularly Black Friday and Singles' Day.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Jim. And when it comes -- Michael, when it comes to your product question, there are
multiple components that we drive coming back to our accelerated recovery priorities, which will lead
into our long-term strategy, which is about focusing in on the key categories where we have the right to
play to win with the consumer. Within that, then develop an increased focus on hero products, the most
essential products in the consumers' wardrobe.

Every single product has to have an intent, then cutting the assortment tail. So we have done a good first
job on that. We will -- looking ahead, coming back to your question, we see opportunities to continue
to cut the unproductive assortment tail. And then there is a big value unlock over time in planning and
buying closer to demand.

Operator

We will now move on to our next question from Erinn Murphy of Piper Sandler.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

My first question is for Stefan. I would love if you could share a little bit more about your outlook for
China. And then specifically, what's the current dynamic on the ground there between global versus
national brands?

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes, Erinn. Thanks for your question. When it comes to Asia, we had another strong quarter in Asia. We
see it more than what you see because of the COVID resurgences that we keep going in and out of in
different countries in Asia. When it comes to China, this quarter, we outperformed our plan. It's very much
driven by leaning into Calvin and Tommy and connecting them even closer to the consumer, and digital is
a key part there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PVH CORP. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 02, 2021

So when we look at 11/11, as an example, the Singles' Day that's now way beyond the day, we performed
really, really strongly. And then -- so digital is an important component, leaning into the different
consumer moments like the 11/11, and then it's the product focus on making sure that we play into the
right big categories that matters the most. And then we see that the hero products that we have been
developing over the last year is really resonating in China with the Chinese consumer and leading to
higher sell-throughs and higher AURs.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

That's great to hear. And then maybe just one for Jim and following up on Binetti's question. If you were
to see upside in the fourth quarter relative to your plan, would that come more from sales or the margin
front?

James W. Holmes
Executive VP, Interim CFO & Controller

Yes, Erinn. We see great strength right now in the gross margins. We had -- we started the fourth quarter
pretty strong. We're very pleased with our performance in Singles' Day and Black Friday on the top line.
But our inventories are leaner than we would ultimately like. So we're seeing real continued strength in
AURs, that pricing power that we're seeing flow through in gross margin. So I think the opportunity is
even more so in gross margin than they have been in the past.

Operator

We will now move on to our next question from Jay Sole of UBS.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I guess I just want to follow up on the gross margin. I mean is there -- within the guidance, I mean, do
you have a sense of what -- how you feel like the gross margin should land in 4Q? And within that, with
the changes in the Heritage business in Q3, can you just talk about what impact that had on gross margin
and SG&A?

James W. Holmes
Executive VP, Interim CFO & Controller

Yes. So Jay, just in my notes, I alluded to our gross margin per se in Q2 was 57.7%. Our gross margin
in Q3 was 57.7%, and we're right now anticipating Q4 to be about the same. So really, about 3/4 of that
sustainable pretty high gross margin, so we feel pretty good about that.

If we talk about Heritage, yes, it has helped the gross margin somewhat. Smaller -- the Heritage business
was a much smaller base, so it's not moving the PVH needle that much, but it is a slight improvement.

But also, just maybe some of the offsets to that improvement in Q3, and particularly in Q4, is the
airfreight cost. So we called out about $45 million of additional airfreight cost, which is all hitting in the
second half. So we've been able to cover that as well, which would be more impactful than any benefit
that we get from Heritage.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

And what's exciting, Jay -- what's exciting from -- this is Stefan, from my perspective, from a strategy
perspective is that when we lean into Calvin and Tommy and into product strength and hero products, we
see that we are able to drive higher AURs. And that's a sustainable path -- and that drives a sustainable
path towards increased gross margin rates. So that's very exciting from my standpoint.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PVH CORP. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 02, 2021

Got it. And if I can ask one more. The company -- you're paying down some debt, buying back some
stock. What's the plan for the balance sheet going forward? Because the long-term debt levels are back
down to near pre-pandemic levels, and there's still a lot of cash in the balance sheet. What's the outlook
for that?

James W. Holmes
Executive VP, Interim CFO & Controller

Yes, Jay. We're really pleased with our liquidity position and the strength of our balance sheet. First and
foremost, we're going to use our cash to invest in ourselves. That's always going to be our priority. Absent
that, our debt paydown so far are more than the debt we took out during the pandemic. So now we're
able to also -- we want to continue to pay down debt.

But also, we reinstated our share repurchases. So we're calling out about -- we'll have about $350 million
of share repurchases for the year. We've also reinstated our cash dividend. So we feel really, really good
about the strength of our balance sheet and how we're really turning inventories and using our working
capital and turning them into cash.

Operator

We will now move on to our next question from Brooke Roach of Goldman Sachs.

Brooke Siler Roach
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

PVH has seen particularly strong profitability in both brands internationally. But I was wondering if you
could perhaps talk to the drivers of the increases that you've seen this year and your outlook for those
margins in a perhaps somewhat more inflationary environment, where demand and supply are in better
alignment going forward.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Brooke. Absolutely. And this quarter, I spent a lot of time on the road. I saw over 40 stores in
4 different countries in Europe, as I mentioned in my remarks. And what's so exciting there is to see the
consumer focus, the brand focus, continuously elevating the brand position, driving very strong product
execution and AUR coming out of that and then having a multichannel, omnichannel approach to winning
with the consumer.

So when we see European markets resurgence in COVID, we see that we have been better than most
in the market to pivot to where the consumer then how the consumer acts because the consumer is
resilient and the consumer is strong. So even though we have a fourth wave now, we see that in countries
where we have COVID restrictions coming in, we start to see a pattern from having navigated successfully
through a number of waves.

So we see brick-and-mortar foot traffic slightly come down, but we see conversion go up in brick-and-
mortar, and then we see the consumer immediately pivot to digital. Because when I look at the consumer
in Europe and overall is that the consumer is starting to get back to life as we knew it. So we are 1.5
years, almost 2 years, into COVID.

And so we see the consumer continue to shop. And in Europe, we are very good at meeting that consumer
where the consumer shops. So those are some of the key drivers we see, and those are also the key
drivers for our accelerated recovery priorities across the regions.

Brooke Siler Roach
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And it sounds like there's a lot of momentum and confidence in the gross margin and AUR momentum
of the brands, driven by your hero product strategy. Perhaps we could pivot a little bit to the SG&A cost
structure as you look forward. Can you talk to the puts and takes of this as you look ahead? Where do

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PVH CORP. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 02, 2021

you see the most leverage on your cost base? And where are the opportunities to optimize that expense
structure as you continue to roll out this strategy?

James W. Holmes
Executive VP, Interim CFO & Controller

Yes, Brooke. Cost efficiencies and finding continued cost efficiencies is one of the key priorities on our
accelerated recovery priorities that Stefan had alluded to. Really, we see opportunities everywhere,
particularly as we -- as our international revenues really are sort of -- we were seeing outsized growth.
We may start to see some real leverage there to go along with those revenues. But the expense, actually,
efficiencies can be optimal and really point our investments to the growth vehicles are really across the
board, across both brands and across all regions.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

And it's -- to build on what Jim said, Brooke, it's about -- the way we drive cost efficiencies is we start
with what it takes to win with the consumer. And the consumer has moved over the last few years. So we
need to make sure that we invest in where the consumer is going and driving our accelerated recovery
priorities.

And then we have to divest to invest. So we are increasingly going to lean into cost efficiencies to make
sure that we invest enough in where the consumer is going and that we free up cost efficiencies to do
that, and that we'll flow through some of that to the bottom line.

Operator

We will now move on to our next question from Kimberly Greenberger of Morgan Stanley.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Stefan, I wanted to ask you about the ways in which you're changing how you work with your wholesale
accounts to improve the full-rice sell-through of Calvin and Tommy. And can you just remind us how
you're augmenting your wholesale strategy, both domestically and internationally, to help your profit
improvement initiatives?

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. Thank you, Kimberly. Definitely. So it starts with the assortment strength, and it starts to inviting
our wholesale partners on the journey for Calvin and Tommy and say, "Here are the key categories, here
are the hero products, and here is how we bring those to life in the experience." And e-commerce is
an increasingly important component, that we bring our brands to life through our wholesale partners
increasingly well in e-commerce and then that we do it as well in brick-and-mortar, and that we -- just like
we look through continuously to cut the unproductive assortment tail, we also look at the productivity -- to
do our productivity with wholesale partners.

But overall, it's a partnership that builds on our core strength and focus areas around assortment and
product and pricing power, and then it's tapping into their strengths. And we have deep experience of
doing this over time, and it's just great to see. And the digital opportunity for us is big in terms of owned
and operated, and it's equally big when it comes to our wholesale e-commerce opportunity.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Great. And just one follow-up on the gross margin, if I could. Could you just quantify for us, Jim,
the amount of total airfreight and basis points or dollars in gross margin here in the third quarter? And
I know that the fourth quarter is coming in $0.10 more freight impact. But if you could just give us that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PVH CORP. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 02, 2021

total airfreight impact also, either in basis points or dollars, for the fourth quarter that's embedded in your
plan, that would be helpful.

James W. Holmes
Executive VP, Interim CFO & Controller

Yes, Kimberly. We were calling out -- so in total this year, and really all in the second half, an additional
$45 million of airfreight. And how you think about it by quarter, it's pretty almost evenly split, 50-50,
which is -- and just one thing, just to add, during the last quarter, we had called out $35 million. So we
have an additional $10 million now than we thought we would have last quarter.

Operator

We will now move on to our next question from Omar Saad of Evercore.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I wanted to ask a question on the inventory situation. You mentioned plus 50 in transit, it obviously is
an elevated number. How do you see -- do you have visibility into the timing of the shipments and the
receipts and when these goods are going to flow through to the retail and to the consumer? Or is there
any chance that they're going to come too late and may need markdowns to deal with after the season?
Help us understand your visibility into the receipts and the timing of inventory flow.

James W. Holmes
Executive VP, Interim CFO & Controller

Yes, Omar. So some of the challenges that we saw worsened in October, particularly due to the U.S. port
delays, which caused a shift of shipments from Q3 into Q4. Those goods are out now. We got back in line
with them. They went out in November, so we feel pretty good.

Inventories are still generally pretty lean. But as we work through the year, it will start to get a little
better, still challenged. But as we move through, we should be getting better positioned. We don't see
things where we would have to have heavy markdowns because generally, we're lean to begin with. And
we feel pretty good. And also, that's why we are deploying so much airfreight. We're pretty much ensuring
that the goods are getting here in time for the holidays.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Great. That's super helpful. And then maybe, Stefan, could you talk about -- a little bit about this kind
of demand for denim and fashion and broader -- the apparel? Are we at peak levels here, do you think?
Given your early thoughts on demand levels into 2022, is there room for your consumers to spend more
on Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein?

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

So thank you, Omar. Yes, we are confident in the strength of the consumer and the strength of our brands
with that consumer. So -- and back to the denim trend, we see that as starting to grow. And denim has
always been important to the consumer, and we see that trend continuing into 2022.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we'll move to our next question from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Stefan, by region, so you mentioned work remaining in North America and you mentioned leaning into this
with full force, could you just elaborate on the unlock opportunity you see in the region maybe across each
brand? And how best to think about the time line from here?
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PVH CORP. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 02, 2021

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. So when it look -- when we look at North America, first and foremost, we have the 30%, 40% of the
business that used to be tourism. That's -- for the last 1.5 years, we haven't seen much of that tourism.
Over time, that will come back. And this quarter, we were also hit by the shift from the U.S. port situation
from Q3 to Q4. So that's macro.

We are focusing on what we can impact, which is to win more with the domestic consumer. So what the
green shoots that I mentioned that I'm excited about is that we are leaning into product strength -- hero
product strength. Pricing power is up. So we see pricing power -- we see North America right now driving
up pricing power and discounts down.

And we see increasing strength in our focus categories and hero product execution. And then we are
driving in -- we are leaning in to drive high-quality e-commerce growth as well. So that's -- it's the
same accelerated recovery period, it's just a tougher macro given the tourism and, in Q3, given the port
situation.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. And then, Jim, just multiyear on sustainability of gross margin as we think about next year, are
there any givebacks at all to consider? Or should we think about this year's gross margin as a new
foundation to build on from here?

James W. Holmes
Executive VP, Interim CFO & Controller

Yes, Matt. We're projecting now, even with Q4, we're going to have 3 quarters in a row of sustainable
gross margins at that very high 57% range. So not necessarily giving guidance going out to next year, but
we feel pretty good about, so far, the sustainability of our gross margins.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Because -- and the reason -- just to build on what Jim just said, Matt, the reason why we feel good about
the sustainability of the gross margin is how we execute product strength and pricing power. That's -- we
see that across both brands and across all regions.

And operator, we'll have to ask for the next question to be the last question for this call. Thank you.

Operator

And our final question comes from Paul Lejuez of Citigroup.

Tracy Jill Kogan
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

It's Tracy Kogan filling in for Paul. I had a follow-up on the wholesale business. I was wondering how your
partners are reacting to the delays. Have you seen any material increase in cancellations? Or are partners
really just taking basically whatever inventory they can get at this point? And then I do have one follow-
up.

James W. Holmes
Executive VP, Interim CFO & Controller

Yes. So I'll take that, Tracy. So as far as -- we are not seeing any cancels. And one of the things with the
delays we had in the shift of our shipments is it was really seasonless goods that we would not deploy
airfreight and lower-margin goods. So they got hung up in the ports. But since it's seasonless, it's out
already. We are not seeing cancels.

Stefan Larsson
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PVH CORP. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 02, 2021

CEO & Director

And we are really in a situation, Tracy, where demand outpaced supply, which is a good place to be.

Tracy Jill Kogan
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

And then my second question was just looking at your business or your customers internationally versus
the U.S., just wondering what the demographics are like of your customers internationally versus in the
U.S., the local customer, obviously, not the tourists here.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

We have a similar consumer base for Tommy and Calvin across the world. And it's the strength -- so when
I was out in all these markets and saw all these stores in Europe and all these stores in North America, I
just get so encouraged. Because having 2 of the most iconic brands in our sector and seeing the consumer
we have, it's all in our hands when it comes to executing, making sure that we execute those brands
to the highest possible relevance through the product strength, through the consumer engagement,
collaborations and through the disciplined channel execution.

Well, thank you very much, Tracy. And thank you, everyone, for joining us for this call this morning. And I
want to wish you all -- and we want to wish you all a happy, healthy and safe holidays. Looking forward to
catching up again in 2022. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PVH CORP. FQ3 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 02, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

