Quest Diagnostics Incorporated 

NYSE:DGX
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 30, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.60

1.67

4.38

-

6.49

6.56

1.08

6.65

1918.10

1926.00

0.41

1945.13

7717.41

7726.00

0.11

7890.24

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-30-2020 1:04 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

1.38

1.68

1.71

1.40

1.73

1.76

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1.45 %

2.98 %

2.92 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

FQ4 2019

1.60

1.67

4.38 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

3

 
QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

Shawn C. Bevec
Vice President of Investor Relation

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Adam Chase Noble
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Ann Kathleen Hynes
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Brian Gil Tanquilut
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Donald Houghton Hooker
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Erin Elizabeth Wilson Wright
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jack Meehan
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Lisa Christine Gill
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Matthew Richard Larew
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Michael Anthony Newshel
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Ralph Giacobbe
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Stephen C. Baxter
Wolfe Research, LLC

Unknown Analyst

William Robert Quirk
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Quest Diagnostics Fourth Quarter 2019 Conference Call.

At the request of the company, this call is being recorded. The entire contents of the call, including
the presentation and question-and-answer session that will follow are copyrighted property of Quest
Diagnostics with all rights reserved. Any distribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form
without written consent of Quest Diagnostics is strictly prohibited.

I would now like to introduce Shawn Bevec, Vice President of Investor Relations for Quest Diagnostics. Go
ahead.

Shawn C. Bevec
Vice President of Investor Relation

Thank you, and good morning. I'm here with Steve Rusckowski, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;
and Mark Guinan, our Chief Financial Officer.

During this call, we may make forward-looking statements and we'll discuss non-GAAP measures. We
provide a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures in the tables to our
earnings press release. Actual results may differ materially from those projected. Risks and uncertainties
that may affect Quest Diagnostics' future results include, but are not limited to, those described in our
most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and
current reports on Form 8-K. For this call, references to reported EPS refer to reported diluted EPS from
continuing operations and references to adjusted EPS refer to adjusted diluted EPS from continuing
operations, excluding amortization expense. References to adjusted operating income for all periods
excludes amortization expense. Finally, growth rates associated with our long-term outlook projection,
including total revenue growth, revenue growth from acquisitions, organic revenue growth and adjusted
earnings growth are compound annual growth rate.

Now here is Steve Rusckowski.

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Shawn, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Well, this morning, I'll discuss the fourth
quarter and review progress on our 2-point strategy. And then Mark will provide more detail on the
results and take you through our 2020 guidance. But we had a solid fourth quarter and ended the year
by delivering record revenues, earnings and cash from operations. Strong volume growth from expanded
health and planned network access, combined with outstanding execution of our operational excellence
strategy helped us offset significant reimbursement pressure.

For the fourth quarter, we grew revenues 4.8%, and reported EPS was $1.86, and adjusted EPS was
$1.67, up nearly 24% from the same period in 2018. Volume growth remained strong at 4.1%. For the
full year of 2019, revenues grew 2.6%, reported EPS grew 16% to $6.13, and adjusted EPS grew 4% to
$6.56, and volume grew 4.3%.

In addition, we are increasing our quarterly dividend by nearly 6%. And this is the ninth increase since
2011. Before getting into more details of the fourth quarter, I'd like to discuss how Quest fits squarely
within Health Care's AAA as well as comment on PAMA, and the recent passage of the LAB Act. So many
providers within health care are focusing on health care's AAA, which is all about improving medical quality
and the patient experience, while reducing the cost of care.

Quest is dedicated to providing great medical and service quality. One example is that we drive Six Sigma
quality in our logistics performance by tracking specimen pickups. We're proud that our quality enabled us
to become a member of UnitedHealthcare's preferred lab network.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Second, over the past several years, we've made great strides on improving the patient experience.
Investments in digital platforms and our patient service centers as well as our partnerships with retailers
such as Safeway and Walmart are helping to drive patient satisfaction scores above 90%.

Also our Net Promoter Score exceeds 80%, which is very high, particularly in health care services. Finally,
Quest offers the best value in the lab industry. Test prices for many of our smaller boutique and hospital
competitors can be 2 to 5x higher than our prices and sometimes even more. So taken together, our
medical quality, patient experience and competitive pricing delivers a value proposition that is second to
none in our industry.

I'd like to update you on 3 fundamental changes to the marketplace, which I believe favor Quest.
First, PAMA. This is the largest cut to Medicare reimbursement this industry has ever seen. Second,
we see health plans focusing on the wide variation in price for health care delivery. And they are
looking at opportunities to work with fewer, higher value providers. Our expanded network access with
UnitedHealthcare and the implementation of the preferred lab network are perfect examples of this. And
then third is the increasing consumerization of health care. Consumers are shouldering more and more of
the cost of health care, and they're looking for the best value. We believe Quest Diagnostics is the best
deal in town.

I'd like to quickly comment on PAMA and the latest development regarding the passage of the LAB Act.
We were pleased to see the LAB Act become law in late December. And it is the first step in fixing CMS'
deeply flawed data collection process. The Lab Act will delay the data reporting period for 1-year, to the
first quarter of 2021. It will also require MedPAC to identify a better way to collect the data that reflects
private market rates as Congress initially intended.

As many of you know, the 1-year delay now means that CMS will delay on the existing fee schedule for the
basis of cuts in 2021. Despite the increase in reimbursement reduction caps from 10% in 2020 to 15% in
2021. We expect the PAMA headwinds in 2021 to be relatively consistent with 2019 and 2020.

Additionally, ACLA, our trade associations, continues its legal challenge against HHS. Both sides have
submitted their briefs to the courts and the matters in the hands of the judge. We expect a decision
sometime this year.

Now turning to our recent performance in progress. The first part of our 2-point strategy is to accelerate
growth, which has 5 elements: grow more than 2% per year through accretive, strategically aligned
acquisitions; expand relationships with health plans and hospital health systems; offer the broadest
access to diagnostic innovation, be recognized as the consumer-friendly provider of diagnostic information
services. And then finally, support population health with data analytics and extended care services.

Now let me take you through a few highlights from our strategy to accelerate growth. Our acquisition
pipeline remains strong. During the fourth quarter, we announced the acquisition of Boston Clinical
Laboratories, a small regional laboratory in Massachusetts. We also recently announced 2 new
acquisitions, the first, Blueprint Genetics. It strengthens our leadership position in advanced diagnostics
through proprietary bioinformatics, which is often a bottleneck in next-generation sequencing. Blueprint's
proven platform in specialty genetics, especially variant interpretation and reporting is expected to
significantly speed the average rate -- time of interpretation. We also announced a multifaceted long-term
collaboration with the Memorial Hermann health system, one of the largest not-for-profit health systems in
Southeast Texas.

As part of the agreement, Quest will acquire Memorial Hermann's offering/services business and manage
all of 17 of its inpatient hospital labs in Greater Houston under our professional lab services agreement.
The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter.

And then finally, we recently signed a professional laboratory services agreement with an 8 hospital health
system in Tennessee. We continue to see accelerating revenue and volume growth as a result of our
expanded health plan network access. The sequential acceleration in volumes demonstrates our ability
to drive continued market share growth. We look forward to the further rollout of United's preferred lab
network featuring $0 out-of-pocket cost for members.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

The test growth drivers in the quarter and full year include drug monitoring, tuberculosis testing of
both QuantiFERON and T-SPOT, HemePath, our blood cancer test and Cardio IQ. Each of these test
categories posted solid contributions to revenue growth. Overall, our gene-based and esoteric testing grew
approximately 5% for the year, an acceleration from low single-digit growth a year ago.

And then our second part of our 2-point strategy is to drive operational excellence. We delivered on our
2019 goal to reduce our cost base by 3% by continuing to drive increases in productivity. We see more
opportunities ahead to drive further productivity gains, while enhancing the customer experience. So
here's 3 examples. First, for our immunoassay platform consolidation is expected to provide greater
throughput, autonomy and more efficient footprint, while saving us approximately $35 million annually
when fully implemented.

Second, we are optimizing our lab network through investments in our new flagship laboratory in Clifton,
New Jersey. When operationally active in 2021, our new lab is expected to consolidate 3 regional hub
labs, double our average throughput and provide 30% more capacity. And then third, we're using digital
technology to enhance the customer experience. Nearly 9 million patients have downloaded the MyQuest
digital platform, which enables them to make appointments and receive their results.

Now let me turn it over to Mark to go through the results. Mark?

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Steve. In the fourth quarter, consolidated revenues were $1.93 billion, up 4.8% versus the
prior year. Revenues for Diagnostic Information Services grew 5.1% compared to the prior year, driven
by strong volume growth, an easy compare and acquisitions, partially offset by higher reimbursement
pressure. Volume, measured by the number of requisitions, increased 4.1% versus the prior year.
Excluding acquisitions, volumes grew 3.4%.

Importantly, we continued to see a sequential acceleration in organic volume growth in the fourth quarter
after considering the benefit of the extra revenue day in the third quarter. Revenue per requisition
increased 1.2% versus the prior year primarily driven by an easy compare partially offset by higher
reimbursement pressure. Unit price headwinds were approximately 2.5% in the fourth quarter. This
includes the impact of PAMA, which amounted to a headwind of nearly 120 basis points.

As a reminder, the PAMA impact includes both direct cuts to the clinical lab fee schedule as well as modest
indirect price changes primarily from Medicaid. Reported operating income was $363 million or 18.8% of
revenues compared to $220 million or 12% of revenues last year.

On an adjusted basis, operating income was $329 million or 17% of revenues compared to $295 million or
16% of revenues last year. The year-over-year increase in adjusted operating margin was primarily driven
by strong volume growth and ongoing productivity improvements related to our invigorate initiatives,
partially offset by higher reimbursement pressure.

Additionally, patient concessions were down approximately 40 basis points year-over-year. Reported EPS
was $1.86 in the quarter compared to $0.92 a year ago. Adjusted EPS was $1.67, up approximately 24%
from $1.36 last year. Cash provided by operations was $1.24 billion in 2019 versus $1.2 billion last year,
and capital expenditures were $400 million in 2019 compared to $383 million a year ago.

Now turning to guidance. Our outlook for 2020 is as follows: revenue is expected to be between $7.8
billion and $7.96 billion, an increase of approximately 1% to 3% versus the prior year; reported EPS
expected to be greater than $5.51 and adjusted EPS to be greater than $6.6; cash provided by operations
is expected to be between $1.25 billion and $1.3 billion, and capital expenditures are expected to be
between $375 million and $400 million.

There are several considerations that I will review as you think about 2020 and beyond. First, we will
continue to face significant reimbursement pressure this year, in large part due to the ongoing headwinds
from PAMA. Total reimbursement pressure in 2020 is expected to be slightly more than 200 basis points,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

of which, PAMA and associated impacts are expected to be approximately $80 million to $85 million. We
estimate a similar impact from PAMA in 2021.

Second, it's no secret that the tightening labor market has resulted in rising wage pressure. And to
remain competitive, we are investing in employee pay and benefits. The incremental cost is included
in our guidance. Third, despite the continued reimbursement headwinds, we are making disciplined
strategic investments in our advanced diagnostics capabilities, that we expect will be slightly dilutive to
our earnings in 2020 by roughly $0.15. A portion is related to our acquisition of Blueprint Genetics. The
remainder is related to investments in liquid biopsy and next-generation sequencing automation.

Fourth, our revenue guidance contemplates some M&A carryover plus the 2 deals we recently announced.
And finally, our revenue guidance includes contributions from the PLS relationships that Steve mentioned
earlier. Keep in mind that revenue and volume contributions from PLS typically take a couple of quarters
[for rent].

I will now turn it back to Steve.

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO
Well, thanks, Mark. Well, to summarize, we had a solid fourth quarter and ended the year by delivering
record revenues, earnings and cash. Quest is well positioned in 2020 to grow revenues and earnings,
despite another year of meaningful reimbursement pressure. And then finally, our guidance for 2020 is
realistic and achievable. Now we'd be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ricky Goldwasser, Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

M&A obviously is an important component of your guidance. And when we think about the transactions
that you announced recently. It seems the pace has slowed down in the last 12 months. What are you
seeing in the environment that you think is driving the relative slowdown? Is it that you're seeing less in
the pipeline? Or are the labs waiting to see what PAMA results is? Or is it more on your end? And then one
follow-up to that is just given the headwinds that you're going to see this year around reimbursement,
wage pressure and the additional investments, should we still assume that the cost cutting, the invigorate
program would drive a net benefit to the top -- to the bottom line.

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So thanks, Ricky, for the question. So to remind everyone, we have a long-term goal of having 1% to
2% of growth through acquisitions as part of our 5 strategies to accelerate growth. What we have shared
is that we made good progress against that over the last several years. And because of the 3 elements
that we see at play in our marketplace. We do believe that it affords us an opportunity to consolidate the
market. So last fall, we did increase our expectation and our goal to get to about 2% through acquisitions.
And if you look at 2018, we beat that number. If you look at what we just reported for '19, we're a little
light. But if you look at '18, '19, we're about that 2% level. And then that 2% is a CAGR. Because as you
know, all acquisitions are somewhat lumpy. We're going to have some stronger quarters.

We're going to have some weaker quarters in terms of acquisition growth, but we're shooting for that
2%. So what we just announced in the last several weeks, we think are good indications that we continue
to work on our pipeline. We believe Blueprint Genetics is a good opportunity to invest in advanced
diagnostics, that will provide some growth and some capabilities to organizations that we think are helpful
to accelerate growth.

And then second is what we also announced around Memorial Hermann is a great example of what we
have done in the past, and we'll continue to do more of. And we're actively engaged with many other
integrated delivery systems around that concept. And to remind you, it's comprehensive, where we're
helping them with their hospital laboratory, making them more efficient. In that regard, we're helping
them with their reference testing for the hospital. And then finally, in the Memorial Hermann case,
we bought their outreach business. And so what we have shared in the past, our funnel is strong. But
these deals become more complicated. They're big systems. They have many hospitals, there's many
stakeholders. So this is just taking more time. So funnel is good.

And we just announced 2 deals. And so we think we're starting 2020 with a good pop of acquisitions, and
we're also hopeful there will be more to come throughout the year. So Mark?

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

And on your invigorate question, Ricky. Thank you. When you think about the pieces that are headwinds
and tailwinds. You mentioned the headwinds, certainly, we've got the pricing pressure, we talked about
200 basis points we've got our typical wage inflation on about a $3 billion wage bill, and then we said
there's incremental pressure on that. And then you've got the investments. So the 3% productivity we
drive order of magnitude through our invigorate program alone would not be enough to offset all of
that and drive bottom line growth. But importantly, the other tailwind is organic volume growth and the
contribution of other acquisitions between -- besides Blueprint.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

And so that's really -- it's all fungible. But that's how we're able to grow our bottom line. So invigorate
alone, about 3% productivity, you take 2% price, you take a couple of hundred basis points against our
wage bill of $3 billion, you take the advanced diagnostic investments. They're larger than just invigorate.
So it's really the organic growth of our business and the contribution of the profitable outreach acquisitions
that really help us to grow the bottom line.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo with UBS.

Adam Chase Noble
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

This is actually Adam Noble in for Kevin. I know it's still pretty early in the year, but could you talk to what
type of share gains, volume growth you're seeing from United and some of the other 2019 new access
plans year-over-year so far in January? And are you still seeing them outcomp the rest of your book? And
if yes, do you have any visibility where those share gains are still coming?

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, let me provide a little bit of color, then Mark will add to it. So what we shared throughout 2019. Given
the volume growth and what we just reported the volume growth, we're picking up share. And yes, we're
picking up share from United, as we had expected. And then second, we'll we pick up share for United, we
believe we're actually picking up share from other payers and other portions of the business. We also have
managed our Aetna relationship quite well. It continues to be a strong partner of ours with them letting
back into the network of one of our competitors had an effect there as well. So we feel good about the
progress made in '19. And what I say is implied in our guidance for 2020 is a continuation of that market
share gain program in our acceleration of growth strategy.

As we said back in Investor Day 2018, we believe that the new access changes that we now have afford
us about $1 billion worth of opportunity. We have a good start on that in '19. And clearly, we have more
opportunity in 2020 and beyond. Incumbent at all that assumes that we're going to pick up share. And as
I said, there's a lot of aspects of that, and we're just getting started with -- for a lab network for United.
And so therefore, implied in our guidance is picking up share again, and some of that will come from the
United. Mark?

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So when you look at our performance last year, we would say that the typical nonnetwork access
piece was probably similar to our historic and historically, over the last couple of years or get roughly 50
to 100 basis points of growth. And so the growth beyond that, you can pretty much attribute to network
access. And I want to remind you that it's not just United, we also got into Horizon Blue Cross in New
Jersey. We got into a portion of Anthem in Georgia. And as Steve mentioned, while the United and the
other 2 plans access increased helped those specifically, it also helped us grow in other payers as well.
So we are definitely growing share, and that share is coming from multiple competitors, not just our chief
competitor.

The other thing I'd say, you asked about January, well, we're not going to comment on January,
specifically, obviously, we're almost 1/12 of the way through 2020. And if we were in any way concerned
about that progress, we certainly would have built that into our guidance. So we're considering January
performance thus far as we communicate guidance today.

Adam Chase Noble
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Got you. And if I could just sneak in one more. Is there anything you could share at this point with regards
to the assay vendor consolidation, any timing of that? And it would just be super helpful.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, sure. We actually did a very thorough job of evaluating all the different alternatives. We have selected
a vendor for that. And we've started the deployment of the systems that we have to deploy to allow us to
achieve that eventual $35 million in savings. And so we've started to deploy those as some of our larger
facilities.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.

Lisa Christine Gill
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I just wanted to follow back up on the comments around continued reimbursement headwinds. I know
when I saw you a couple of weeks ago in San Francisco, you did talk about pressure on the commercial
market as we think about that? And Mark, I think you talked about continued reimbursement headwinds
being roughly $0.15, can you maybe just give us a little bit more color around where you're seeing that
from a commercial market perspective? And then I just wanted also just an update on how you're thinking
about your retail strategy?

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure, let's get...

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So Lisa, I don't recall $0.15. I don't think that's something that would represent the reimbursement
pressure. So when you're looking at non-PAMA related headwinds. As we've shared over the last 18
months or so a lot of that is not coming from third party, the traditional payer reimbursement, but it's
increasingly coming from the portion of our business that is direct to client bill. And the largest piece
of that is hospitals. It's the high end testing we do, what we typically refer to as reference work. And
we've described how when you think of the set of criteria that a hospital might base its decision in terms
of relationship, test menu, quality, history and price, there's been more of a shift to price over the last
several years. And we're speculating a lot of that is driven by some of the pressure they're under.

So whereas in the past, you might extend the contract with the understanding that you had a good
reasonable price, and they had good quality and all those kind of things. More and more of these are going
to RFP, where there's an opportunity for price competitors to come in and compete on price very highly. So
that's one of the dynamics that have definitely increased is the hospital-based client build.

The other one we've talked about is in several states where there are no anti markup laws. Physicians can
actually send work to us. And bill the third-party themselves. And you basically mark up the work that
we do. And that is a direct bill, this an office that we compete. And you can imagine that if there's profit
motive for those customers, any nickel they can save from any lab is something that's attractive to them.
So that is definitely a source of a lot of our pricing headwinds. And then there is a small piece in third-
party payer as well as some older contracts are getting renegotiated and getting more in line with the
current pricing environment.

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, on the retail strategy, it goes back to, as I outlined our 5 strategies to accelerate growth. And it's
all part of our consumer strategy and the consumer strategy is those multiple strategies. And 1 piece
of it is we want to have better physical presence. And so we've been working on getting better physical
presence for a number of years. To remind everyone, we have about 2,100 patient service centers. We
have over 4,000 phlebotomists in physicians' offices. So excess of 6,000 access points. And with those

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

patient service centers, when we started down this strategy, we had about 20% and we're retail-like
settings, more strip malls, community locations, not in medical office parks. And our goal is to get to 50%.
So we want to have 50% of our centers in more retail-like settings.

And so to help us with that, we actually have formed some partnerships with Safeway, relationship has
gone well. We're in about 150 stores. We then added to that, our joint venture with Walmart. We continue
to make progress there with their patient service centers. You also might see that Walmart is making
some other moves in health care. We're engaged with them on that.

And then finally, as we continue to talk to you and have relationships with other retail-like partners in
health care as they continue to advance their strategies as well. So [building] about 20%, we're about
30% now with retail-like settings. We've got more work to do to get to the 50%, but that's our goal. We
believe it's important that we have more retail-like settings because, as I said in my introductory remarks,
this market is getting more and more consumer-oriented every day. We believe that the consumer will
look at the value proposition, we'll look at the triple aim.

To remind you, it's great health care, it's great experience at great pricing, and we think our strategy
delivery really points us to the right direction. The physical presence and the convenience of walking into a
Quest diagnostic facility we think is part of that. So progress made, but more work to do, and we're really
fortunate to have some of the partners we have, and we think we're on the path of getting to that 50%.

Operator

Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America.

Unknown Analyst

This is Ivey for Derik today. Appreciate the color on the guide so far. While you talk about the incremental
headwinds on the wage bill from the labor cost. Can you help us size the pressure on margin from that
labor cost?

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, you'll get a little bit of color, operationally and Mark reviewed some of what's implied in our guidance
within reason. First of all, it's a very strong labor market. And then it separate our exempt workforce,
our professional workforce for nonexempt. Our nonexempt workforce is where we feel the pressure.
Nonexempt workforce -- there's various areas of our value chain. We have about 12,000 phlebotomists.
We have over 3,500 couriers, running our logistics operations in automobiles. We have thousands of what
we call specimen processors. And so if you look at the front end of our value chain, that's where we see
some pressure. So what we're finding, and it's all very local is that we have pressure in some of those
geographies to up our wages more than we have historically because we have to be competitive with other
competitors, if you will, for those resources. So that's putting pressure on our wage bill. So Mark, do you
want to give a perspective on what that means in terms of scale?

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So we're not going to size that specifically. But as Steve mentioned, this competition for those areas
doesn't just come from the lab industry or specifically for health care. Obviously, with phlebotomist's, it's
health care. But when you think about couriers, people drive vehicles are desired by multiple industries.
And then the same thing for the specimen processing, which generally is, I don't like the term, but
unskilled labor. And so there's many, many other industries as well that might be a target for that labor.
And so are not really responding.

I'll answer a question that you didn't ask, but might be in people's mind to increases in minimum wage.
We don't generally have people at minimum wage. It's really more responding to market forces in the
specific markets where we were finding higher levels of attrition and finding it harder to attract the talent
that we need. So really, as we look at this in the nearer term, it's an increase to our annual wage inflation.
But in the longer run, we see the value coming back in lower turnover and higher quality employees.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Unknown Analyst

That's helpful. And then just on the $0.15 dilutive from the investments in Advanced Diagnostics. Can you
help us unpack that impact? And then just a bit more details on how to think about the margin trends for
FY '20 and beyond?

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

If I heard that question correctly, you're asking for some color around Blueprint Genetics of the $0.15. And
just provide a little bit of strategic logic and operation in how this will work? So again, we're investing in
Advanced Diagnostics. We have shared that we want to continue to accelerate it. We just reported that
if you look at our genetic ancestor testing was up by about 5% last year. We continue to invest in that
in a number of areas. And specifically, we believe the acquisition of Blueprint Genetics, brings some nice
capabilities and a proven commercial organization into Quest. It brings us some nice capabilities typically
related to the variant interpretation that I talked about in my remarks.

And then also specifically, applying that to some of the specialty categories. They have over 200 panel
tests today. And so if you look at their coverage, okay, and their depth of interrogation of the data. It
provides us a nice capability to leverage what they've already done, but also bring to that where we want
to do more, typically around rare diseases where we like to interrogate the data to find the insight. So
we're really encouraged about the capability we're just onboard. And Mark?

We talked about the impact on our earnings in 2020. Do you want to provide some color to it?

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, sure. So I would differentiate these investments from the wage inflation, and arguably, the wage
inflation has increased in our long-term cost structure, all other things equal. And the reason we call these
out is because we don't expect these to be long-term dilutive, certainly, Blueprint, not only will turn from
being dilutive to accretive over a period of time but as Steve mentioned, the capabilities that it brings to
us to actually create value in other areas, including being more competitive, winning more business, but
also reducing the cost structure in other work that we do in this space. The work we're doing on liquid
biopsy is something that will come to a point within the next couple of years.

And so either we will stop investing or hopefully stop investing and be successful. So it will no longer be a
drag on our earnings. And then certainly, the work we're doing around low-cost sequencing is also a short-
term investment and we're highly confident that that will be successful and certainly will no longer be a
drag on our earnings. So these are really temporal investments that doesn't mean that there won't be
other things that we invest in, in a couple of years. But these specific investments will be fairly short term.

Operator

Our next question comes from Erin Wright with Crédit Suisse.

Erin Elizabeth Wilson Wright
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Are the preferred lab networks at this point, really helping to steer volume? Can you describe some of
the efforts that UNH is implementing to incentivize physicians and patients to actually use the lower cost
preferred providers here under the PLN? And then my second part of the question would be, can you
elaborate on your lab stewardship program and how that's helping to position yourself as a strategic
partner with the hospital labs? And can you give us some metrics, maybe how that traction is going with
that program?

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Yes. So Preferred Lab Network, we've said in the past, it really got started in the fall where
UnitedHealthcare, where their fully insured books started to play, some of the principles of deferred lab
network. And then beyond that, it's really just getting started in 2020. And we're optimistic that that will
provide us, again, to gain share. So Mark, specifically to...

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I'd say, thus far, what's publicly shared by United, and we've talked about is they're starting last
August. They're really focusing on how to network usage. And they've done a number of things to try to
reduce that, including sharing that information with members of the PLN, where we can go out and target
some of those accounts and explain to the physician, why there's a benefit in steering that to a preferred
member, including, importantly, the quality and other things that really limited the number of people that
were included in the Preferred Lab Network.

But they're also doing some other things with the physician directly that you probably should ask United
about that they've shared with us that they're giving incentives for them to above and beyond what we
might do when we go and call on them and explain why it's in the patient's best interest, they're also
doing some things to make in the physician's best interest to move away from using out-of-network
providers. And there's a fair amount of out-of-network in amongst all of the major payers that is a source
of higher cost. And quite often than not the quality that you'll find in the members of the PLN.

In terms of the PLN itself, as we shared, there were a couple of states that were rolled out in their fully
insured book. Beginning in January, they're small accounts, they expanded more broadly. And then
the middle of the year, there's going to be -- you know pretty much a full rollout, including their larger
members and their fully insured book. Look, throughout that time, they still have to sell the members,
where ultimately, even though it's fully insured over time have to agree because it could have implications
for premiums and so on, all of that takes time. And then there's the sponsored plans, which is the next
step.

So this is a long-term initiatives that certainly is reaping some benefit. But it's not in terms of the step
change, where this is going to overnight move volume dramatically. And that's why we talked about a
multiyear tailwind for a lot of the efforts because some of this is going to take some time. So all in the
right direction, but something that is going to take a while to get to where its ultimate level would be.

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

So Erin, you asked about the lab stewardship program. And let me bring it back to, again, we're actively
working our strategy to build relationships with health systems, hospital health systems. We've been
actively working on this for a number of years. And when we go into a health system, and it is at the
C-suite. We talked about our ability to help them make their hospital more efficient and effective in
diagnostics. And then secondly, as part of that, the sophisticated testing that is sending out, we could
do more for them and we can do a better job of how we manage that. And then thirdly, when we always
get into those conversations, we then now with PAMA and with the pressure for commercial rates have
conversations around their outreach business. Does that continue to make sense for them to have it.

In the case of Memorial Hermann, there was an example where, again, a hospital sold us their business.
So as we get in there, it's all about building a relationship. We help them manage their diagnostics. And
our last stewardship program is being deployed through many of our good accounts, our good accounts,
it's going quite well. And this is all about getting smarter about diagnostics. And it goes back to the
notion of a triple aim, it's about better health care, it's about better experience and that's at lower cost.
And what we're finding as you get more analytics, like everything, what you find out is there's over
utilization and we need to get rid of that to make them more efficient. But what we're also finding is
there's underutilization.

And so we become more of a consultative adviser in terms of diagnostics. And one thing that we like to
talk about is there's nothing more expensive than a biodiagnosis for a hospital setting. And so with their

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

lab stewardship program and with the relationships, we're working proactively with our partners to be
able to deliver a better answer for the tertiary [ care centers ]. And again, Memorial Hermann is a great
recent example of them listening to our story, understanding what we're going to do for them, and now we
have a new partner in one of the largest cities in the United States. So we're really encouraged about the
progress we've made over the number of years and the prospects in front of us.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bill Quirk with Piper Sandler.

William Robert Quirk
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I guess a multipart question here, Steve. So first, we appreciate that there's considerable pushback by
some providers concerning the executive order around hospital pricing transparency. However, since this
does include diagnostics. Should we be thinking about this as a potential added risk from a long-term
reimbursement standpoint? And then also and separately, given the interest in the Preferred Lab Networks
by a number of payers, not just United, should we expect additional announcements in '20 concerning
some of the new formation of these?

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So thanks, Bill. The first part of your question has to do with transparency and surprise bills and
pushback from providers about that, and it's complex, as you know. But going back to my prepared
remarks, we believe, if you just look at the value proposition we are bringing to the marketplace, we'd
like to get more and more exposure to the prices that are out there for us because, as I said, with the full
confidence, we believe we're the best deal in town. And so making sure consumers see that, making sure
physicians see that, making sure that plans are working with us to move more of their laboratory services
to a great value provider like Quest Diagnostics is what the strategy is all about.

And so the more visibility of that is a good thing for us. And we're doing this with the plans and the
Preferred Lab Network is part of that. We're also doing this with employers with the plans. Because as
those employers look at their employee cost of health care, they're looking at what they can do to help
their employees out, and we believe our category is a good example of where they can do that. But if they
do it for us, they could do is also other health care services like radiology and physical therapy. So we
think it's a good opportunity for us. And then finally, you asked the question about Preferred network. We
continue to work with other partners.

We have the nationals, but we also have a number of regionals. And as you know, we enjoy a large
presence in Florida. If you look at Florida Blue Cross Blue Shield, even though, they haven't announced a
Preferred Lab Network, we are very strong in Florida, and we have a great relationship with them. So in
essence, you could say they are our preferred labs, even though, we haven't announced it. So as we work
through where we go with this long-term, you'll see what others are willing to provide publicly. But this will
continue to be a trend that we'll keep on working. Mark?

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

And when you think about the Preferred Lab Network, whether or not another major payer is very overt
in announcing a Preferred Lab Network or not, you will see. But some of the elements within the Preferred
Lab Network we already had with some payers before our relationship with United, and some of them have
actually expanded some of those. So when you touch on what are some of the advantages of the Preferred
lab network one of them is, when I described the out-of-network usage and having the payer actually
partner with us to educate physicians around the cost of prescribing high -- the high price out-of-network
labs and how that impacts our patients with deductibles and how it could impact denials and so on and so
forth.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

So we're doing that with a number of payers. There's also a plan, very large managed Medicaid plans that
had put in some pre-authorization requirements for certain test categories where they were concerned
about the size of the panels and the appropriate clinical appropriateness of some of the offerings. And
because we -- and then some others, not us alone do it appropriately. I've actually created, in essence,
what they call a gold card, which means that we're exempt from that pre-authorization. So not only does
that avoid a headwind for us. So that's the second thing, it makes it easier for physicians to order from us.
They don't have to go through pre-auth.

So actually, in essence, it should steer more work to us. And then finally, another one I'd comment is,
in the past, as we described it, we do outreach acquisitions. It was a huge windfall for everybody. Other
than us, certainly, we would still get great economic benefit, as I've laid out in the past at Investor Day
about how they're very, very accretive despite the pricing dissynergies. And so what we've partnered
with a number of payers on is that actually we share in some of that price savings initially. So it's not all
a windfall for the payers and others. But actually, some of that value comes to us. A less severe pricing
dissynergy headwind for the first couple of years. So that's just a couple of examples that you may not
hear a very, very overt announcement about a Preferred Lab Network and where the payers are partnering
with us in the areas that they know we bring critical value to really drive more volume towards us.

Operator

Our next question comes from Donald Hooker of KeyBanc.

Donald Houghton Hooker
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

So on the heels of this sizable Memorial Hermann PLS deal. I just was hoping to maybe get a sense kind
of maybe looking back and looking forward of kind of the momentum you're seeing in the PLS business? I
think a couple of years ago, you loosely sized it for the investor community, saying it would be maybe 50
basis points of top line growth that might be, just correct me if I'm wrong, but that was a couple of years
ago. Maybe can you update kind of what your thinking there and the current conditions in the market?

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, yes. So thank you for the question. And our professional lab services business is something we've
built over time. We've got a nice referenceable book of business and great clients that we continue to build
on. We actually did say in our prepared remarks that we announced another relationship in Tennessee.
Memorial Hermann is yet another example. And what I'll share with you -- you'll hear more about -- where
professional and lab services business going forward. In our 2019 results, we did have some growth from
it. I'll have Mark comment on the specifics around that.

But we believe it's an important element of, again, walking in and having an engaged conversation with
[different] delivery systems around their lab strategy. And helping them make their hospital laboratory,
better, more efficient and more effective as an important part of that. And so now we have a proven
trucker, being able to do it. We have augmented that with their lab stewardship program, and then we also
have logged with that with our clear ability to be able to acquire outreach businesses. It provides more of
the sophisticated testing, particularly around advanced diagnostics. So it's moving along nicely, and it's
becoming a real strength of us and delivering the growth that we expected. Mark?

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

And I think the 50 basis points is plus or minus, a reasonable number. Certainly, as we look at the last
couple of years, the contribution, that could accelerate because we do some PLS deals, as we mentioned,
this one in the state of Tennessee that are just PLS deals stand-alone. But then as part of what we really
still believe will be increasing as these broad deals with hospital partners around selling the outreach,
around getting that reference work and doing the PLS deal, especially if some of these are larger systems.
And we have a very deep pipeline. PLS contribution could grow to be larger than that. Certainly, we'll talk

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

about that as we see that happening. So yes, the 50 basis points is reasonable, very happy with it, and
that's something that we're hoping and certainly could see accelerating down the road.

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, the interesting thing too that we mentioned in the press release for Memorial Hermann, but many
of these systems also have their own plans, their own health plan. So what we're finding is kind of a
secondary benefit is we become their preferred or their exclusive provider laboratory service within
their plans. And Memorial Hermann is a good example of that. So it's an added benefit of having these
relationships.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matt Larew with William Blair.

Matthew Richard Larew
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Yes. I wanted to ask on the retail side. As that footprint continues to grow. Could you characterize
with that volume in terms of just site shift versus incremental market share shift, as you alluded to on
the network access side? And then in the past, you've described potential opportunities to expand the
relationships with some of those retail providers in terms of the services that you're involved in, any
progress that you anticipate there?

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Yes, absolutely. Yes. So first of all, if you think about our value chain. We actually do the draws for
about 40% of our volume, okay? That's done through our phlebotomist that are either in patient service
centers or in physician offices. That trend is actually moving more to our site. So we're doing more and
more draws. It's a small gradual shift to us, which says 60% is still provided by physicians or our clients
in hospitals. So think about the our front end, if you will, of the value chain that way. What we believe
is if we have a better experience and in better locations, we're going to be able to get share. And so we
believe that we're we are growing the front end that we deliver ourselves faster than our overall growth
because of this shift in the marketplace and also the experience being good as well.

And as far as other relationships, all -- this is a health care service providers are looking at their strategy.
We mentioned Walmart, Mark earlier, they're a big player in health care. They're getting bigger with the
opening of some clinics. We have great partnership with Aetna, they have now merged with CVS. CVS
Health is building up pumps, which is an extension of what they've done with their MinuteClinics. We were
a partner of theirs with MinuteClinics. And as that strategy evolves, we'll have a presence with them and
others as we go forward.

So -- and also we will continue to organically to do some of the retailization, if you will, of our fleet
of patient service centers because we do see opportunities within local geographies to do some of it
ourselves. So it is a multiyear strategy that we keep on making progress against and partnerships
continue to be an important part of it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies.

Brian Gil Tanquilut
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Yes. So my question is on Memorial Hermann. So do you think that with this -- it's one of the largest
hospital systems out there. Do you think this is finally the proof that outside of UMASS, you're starting
to get traction on the hospital side? And then I guess if you guys don't mind just giving us kind of a view

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

on what the tail benefit is from these comprehensive PLS deals where you're buying the outreach, you're
getting the reference and basically the whole lab business for the whole hospital system?

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So first of all, as we said, I think we have a lot more interest today than we did 2 or 3 years ago with
integrated delivery systems. But what we just announced with Memorial Hermann is complex, and so
these deals just take a longer period of time. We do already have, over the years, a number of significant
systems. If you remember, when we bought the outreach business from Dignity, which is a major player
on the West Coast. PeaceHealth is another example. I'll remind you, we have a long-standing relationship
with UPMC in Pittsburgh. We have a long-standing relationship with Integris in Oklahoma City. So we
have a long history of working actively with these great delivery systems long before the deal before with
UMASS.

And I would argue this is a good example of a large system in a large city coming in our direction. And a
good proof point that there will be more like this to come. And the reason why Memorial Hermann chose
us is because we have this proven history of being able to pull it off. We can help them with their hospital.
We can help them with the reference work, we can buy their outreach business. We can integrate it. We
could tie in to their physicians, we can help them with their health plan. So we have a long-standing
history and credibility with a referenceable book of clients that serves us well.

Because laboratory testing is an essential part of running an integrated delivery system, it's 2% of costs,
70% health care decision-making. It's critical that when working with a partner, they get it right. So Brian,
I think we do continue to see this as a good indication that there will be more to come. And this is a major
system that we're happy to be able to announce.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.

Ralph Giacobbe
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Just -- I was hoping you can give a little bit more on sort of the underlying volume and pricing mix
assumptions just embedded in guidance? And then secondly, just quickly, wanted to clarify the wage
pressure comment I thought, Mark, I heard you say a couple of hundred basis points higher, just want to
make sure I heard that right?

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So let me address the wage piece, and then I'll turn it back to Steve on the volume and the guidance.
So no, a couple of hundred basis points of the total wage pressure. So what we're saying is that,
historically, it was at a given level. And we were pretty consistent with how we did our annual merit
increases. And then this year, we're funding more increases. So in total, it's several 100 basis points.

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. And so if you look at our initial guidance of 1% to 3% contemplated in 1% to 3% growth are the
acquisitions that we've talked about, which we historically have done, which says that there's organic
growth in there. We've also said that we have less reimbursement pressure in 2020 than we had in 2019.
We've sized that to be about 200 basis points to give you an idea of the scale. That helps us on, okay? We
then have these new deals. That we just talked about, they're going to provide PLS. As we said, they're
going to start to ramp, particularly in the second quarter. So that will help us with some of the growth.
And so therefore, when you go through all the math, we have to have volume growth. And we have to pick
up share, and that's implied in our guidance.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

So entirely consistent, okay? What we've told it to you before is that '19 was a good start. But it doesn't
start with '19. We're going to continue to build on that momentum. And we will continue to see access
improvement of gains in share with the Preferred Lab Network with the other payers that we brought into
our fold last year and that implied in our guidance is grow through acquisition. And growth through market
share gains related to work with payers and other parts of our strategy.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mike Newshel with Evercore.

Michael Anthony Newshel
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Can you just comment on seasonality for 2020? We have the extra day from leap year in the first quarter,
but are there any other calendar effects or comp issues just to call out?

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean it gets a little bit complicated. So there's an extra calendar day in Q1. But it's actually not
really a full day because of the day of the week it is. So it gets a little bit complicated. So there's -- in
the year, there's definitely an extra day. There's a chunk of that in the first quarter. If you recall, in 2019.
We called out an extra day in Q3. So you should think about that when you size Q3 because that will not
repeat the way the calendar is falling. And then there's the typical seasonality around some of the floating
holidays. And then the last thing I'd point out is that some of the fixed holidays in terms of the day of the
week matters.

So when you look at where things like the 4th of July and Christmas and New Year's fall, there can be a
difference, the worst being, if those are a Tuesday, Wednesday, and the best thing if those are weekends.
So I'd point to those being some of the things. But you -- I'm sure you can imagine that within a 200 basis
point range of revenue guidance, we've contemplated all the scenarios that might play out there.

Operator

Our next question comes from Stephen Baxter with Wolfe Research.

Stephen C. Baxter
Wolfe Research, LLC

So obviously, a lot of moving parts in the guidance today, including the investments you're making. I was
hoping you could help us understand a little bit more explicitly what the guidance is embedded from an op
margin perspective? If I looked at this year and took out the United out of network impact. I would have
seen margins, I think, roughly stable year-over-year. So do you think that's achievable again as we go
into 2020? And if you can add on any expectations for below the line items, the interest expense, tax rate,
anything we should be considering there that would be different than 2019 in our models?

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

So let me address the latter. Interest expense and tax rate will be pretty consistent. The other area
where we've had a number of people ask questions recently is equity earnings. And that growth has
been certainly largely driven by our JV with IQVIA, our Q Square JV that we set up several years ago
that have been continuing to drive earnings growth. One of the investments that we called out, our
liquid biopsy investment actually comes to us through a investments that we have with a third party.
And the accounting rules dictate that we have to take our share of those losses and even though it's an
investment in this company. That will be in the equity earnings line, so that will dampen somewhat the
equity earnings growth, but it's all, again, in that $0.15 that I called out earlier. So I'll turn it back to
Steve for the other part of your question. Margins?

Stephen H. Rusckowski

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, margins, we've been consistent where we haven't guided around margins because we have a mix
of businesses. We're driving growth, and we're driving a return on invested capital. And we had provided
outlook around growth and earnings per share. We think that's the best way for us to drive shareholder
value. So we're not going to really comment on what the margins will be year-on-year. But we go through
the math, you can get it from private markets could be based upon the top line growth and what we have
guided as far as our EPS growth.

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

And the other thing is that margins are not a given. So if we're at the low end of that revenue guidance
versus the high end, it will have impact on the margins because, as we've shared previously, that organic
revenue growth comes through a higher drop-through than our fully loaded margin. And we're depending
on that, as I shared with Ricky with her initial question. Our invigorate program alone can offset in a large
proportion of the headwinds. But really, the bottom line growth and the margin -- any margin expansion
will come through that organic revenue growth.

Operator

Next question comes from Jack Meehan with Barclays.

Jack Meehan
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

One clarification and one strategic question. Clarification on the fourth quarter. I was curious if you could
weigh in on how much might have contributed, I know that Hooper Homes acquisition last year had a little
bit of that? And then strategically, just given the dilution associated with the Blueprint acquisition, that's
obviously unusual in terms of the framework of deals that Quest has done in the past. I'm curious if you
could just weigh in just the appetite for deals like that versus I guess what we're accustomed to in terms
of tuck-ins on the outreach side?

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, the flu was a small competitor. As we've shared in the past, a lot of flu testing is point of care, we
certainly get some flu testing when the flu season spikes. So yes, it was a little bit of tailwind, but not
anything notable. In terms of our strategy around acquisitions...

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

So Jeff, we're always looking at aligning our adjustments around our strategy and having a balanced
approach. And related to acquisitions, we are -- typically, what you're seeing for us is acquisitions falling
in 1 of 3 categories. One is regional laboratories. We've talked about Boston Clinical last fall, regional
laboratory we just acquired. We did one in Missouri last year. So we'll continue to pursue those. Second
hospital -- outreach businesses, Memorial Hermann is a good example of that. We like those deals are
accretive to our earnings. They provide real growth. We really like the stickiness, if you will, of the
customer relationships we take on board, and then capability building.

And so Blueprint Genetics is an example of capability building. We thought it would be prudent for us to
make an investment there. We think it's very consistent with our strategy. It's modest in size, but it's
going to give us a nice capability around bioinformatics, around the variant interpretation that I spoke to.
It'll allow us to achieve that strategy of accelerating growth in advanced Diagnostics, which is a category
as we shared in the past, our definition is genetics and molecular, we do over $1 billion. And we believe
that that is prospectively a great opportunity for us to continue to invest, and that's why we made it.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

So we will continue down that path of a balanced approach, consistent with our strategy with deals that
we can make money for shareholders and trust that when we are making any deal, including the ones we
just announced, we have a path to value creation for our shareholders.

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

And just one final comment. I mean typically, Jack, with our acquisitions, the value creation has to come
directly from the book of business we're buying. And while certainly, the book of business we're buying
from Blueprint will become better from a profitability standpoint. Really, the value creation goes well
beyond that book. And as we've mentioned earlier, capabilities it brings will benefit everything we do in
that space. And so the capability, a description that Steve gives really means that it's going to create
better margins and better competitiveness in space outside the Pacific test menu and book of business
that we're acquiring. Thank you.

Operator

Our last question comes from Ann Hynes with Mizuho Securities.

Ann Kathleen Hynes
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

I just want to ask about cash flow beyond 2020? I know your CapEx is a little higher just because of the
new facility, should we assume that CapEx run rate goes down after 2020?

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

Typically, I don't give any kind of guidance beyond the current year-end at hand. But what I will say is that
this is the largest year for Clifton, 2020, we're expecting to be operational in 2021. The Clifton facility has
been the driver, certainly this year. Last year and even back into '18 in the increase in our relative level
of capital spending. We haven't announced any similar plans like that. So you might infer from that that
capital spending might come down a little beyond 2020.

Ann Kathleen Hynes
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Have you disclosed how much you've been investing in CapEx for Clifton?

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

We haven't, by year, what we have disclosed that it was about $250 million investment over 3 years.

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

You might have seen as well that we recorded a gain on the property sale. You want to talk about that?

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So we sold our Teterboro property, and we're going to lease back right now until we exited and moved
to Clifton and that was a big contributor to the year-over-year GAAP earnings gain. We adjusted that out
of our adjusted income, but it was a nice cash inflow. And as you know, and that goes into financing, not
into operating cash flow. And actually, the tax on the gain actually goes against operating cash flow in
2020. So from an accounting perspective, it's a little bit disconnected. But we actually got quite a bit of
cash from the sale of Teterboro in the fourth quarter of 2020.

Mark J. Guinan
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Yes. So when we built the business case on this Clifton investment, we assume the certain sales price for
the Teterboro facility, we greatly exceeded that expectation. So we feel good about the business case and
what we're putting our capital budget against.

Stephen H. Rusckowski
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. So thank you very much. Appreciate your engagement. We appreciate your support and look
forward to seeing you in our travels. Have a great day.

Operator
Thank you for participating in the Quest Diagnostics Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Conference Call.
A Transcript of prepared remarks on this call will be posted later today on Quest Diagnostics website at
www.questdiagnostics.com. A replay of the call may be accessed online at www.questdiagnostics.com/
invest or by the phone at (866)357-4210 for domestic callers or (203)369-0125 for international callers.
Telephone replays will be available from approximately 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time on January 30, 2020,
until midnight Eastern Time on February 13, 2020. Goodbye.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

