Roper Technologies, Inc. NYSE:ROP
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 28, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.88

3.05

Revenue  (mm)

1292.83

1353.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-22-2020 10:38 AM GMT

5.90

4.65

2.90

12.55

13.69

1279.12

5444.77

5728.04

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.05

3.21

3.34

2.88

3.07

3.29

3.39

3.05

0.66 %

2.49 %

1.50 %

5.90 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

Robert C. Crisci
Executive VP & CFO

Zack Moxcey
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Alexander M. Blanton
Clear Harbor Asset Management,
LLC

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Joseph Craig Giordano
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Robert Paul McCarthy
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

The Roper Technologies First Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call will now begin. I will now turn
the call over to Mr. Zack Moxcey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Zack Moxcey
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you all for joining us as we discuss the first quarter financial results for Roper
Technologies. We hope everyone is staying safe and healthy. Joining me on the call this morning are Neil
Hunn, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Crisci, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer; Jason Conley, Vice President and Controller; and Shannon O'Callaghan, Vice President of Finance.

Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. The press release also
includes replay information for today's call. We have prepared slides to accompany today's call, which are
available through the webcast and are also available on our website.

Now if you'll please turn to Slide 2. We begin with our safe harbor statement. During today's call, we will
make forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, including the impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic. A description can be found on this page in our press release and in our SEC filings.
You should listen to today's call in the context of that information.

And now please turn to Slide 3. Today, we will discuss our results for the quarter primarily on an adjusted
non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures can be found in our press release
and in the appendix of this presentation on our website.

For the first quarter, the difference between our GAAP results and adjusted results consist of the following
items: amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and purchase accounting adjustments to
acquire deferred revenue.

And now if you'll please turn to Slide 4, I will hand the call over to Neil. After our prepared remarks, we
will take questions from our telephone participants. Neil?

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Zack, and good morning, everyone. First and most importantly, we hope that everyone that is
joining us this morning and your families are staying safe and are in good health.

With that in mind, our first quarter was quite good: 4% organic revenue growth; expanding gross and
EBITDA margins; and very strong cash flow coming in at 13% above last year. After a brief run-through of
Q1 results, I'll turn the call to Rob, and he will discuss our P&L, our balance sheet and our cash position.
We find ourselves in the very fortunate position to have $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet and a
completely undrawn $2.5 billion revolver. Then I'll turn to discuss our operational status and our response
to the COVID-19 situation. To this end, all of our product businesses are deemed essential, and all our
nonproduction workforce are being productive working remotely from home.

As we turn to our segment discussion, the majority of our comments will focus on a detailed view of how
our businesses and business models should perform through the current situation. The impacts we're
seeing across our diverse set of businesses range from a pause in new license sales for some of our
high recurring revenue software businesses, to a positive spike in demand for Verathon's critical medical
products, to sharp declines in our industrial and process technology businesses. Following this, we'll break
down our Q2 and full year organic revenue guidance. In the midst of this global economic shutdown, we
are guiding our full year organic revenues be plus or minus flat. This is a remarkable testament to the
durability of our business model.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

During the discussion of our guidance, we outlined for you the assumptions that would cause our earnings
to be on the low or high end of our guidance range. I'll then turn to discuss our outlook for continued
capital deployment and end with a summary of a few of the Roper companies that are on the front lines
responding to the COVID-19 virus. Finally, we'll turn to your questions.

Now let's turn to a brief run-through of our Q1 results. Next slide, please. Q1 was quite good for us. Our
businesses continue to work hard to execute strategy and talent offenses and Q1 is another good data
point that what we're doing is taking hold.

Revenue grew 4% organically with solid organic growth in 3 of our 4 segments. Gross margins and
EBITDA margins expanded nicely, and DEPS came in at $3.05, $0.05 above our guidance range. And as
we've said for nearly 20 years, cash is the best performance measure with free cash flow being up 13% in
the quarter to $353 million, which was 26% of revenue and 76% of EBITDA.

Now I'll turn the call over to Rob to discuss our detailed financial performance.

Robert C. Crisci
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Neil. Good morning, everyone. It's really great to have the opportunity to connect with all of you
today.

Turning to Page 6, Q1 Income Statement Metrics. As Neil mentioned, organic growth was a very solid 4%,
which was better than we had expected coming into the quarter. We did have positive organic growth in
3 of the 4 segments, led by Network Software & Systems at plus 9, and Application Software at plus 5.
Once again, really strong margin execution by our business leaders in the quarter, driving strong operating
leverage while continuing to invest for future growth. Gross margin expanded 50 basis points to 63.5%.
EBITDA margin also expanded 50 basis points to a record 34.5%, driving very solid 7% EBITDA growth for
the quarter.

Earnings before taxes increased 7% to $408 million. As a reminder, last year, we had a $43 million
discrete tax item in Q1, resulting in a $0.41 benefit, which drove our tax rate last year below 10%. This
year, our Q1 tax rate was a more normal 21%, which resulted in DEPS of $3.05, which was well above
our guidance range, as Neil mentioned. So in summary, a really strong operational quarter for Roper and
really great execution by our business leaders.

Next slide. Turning to cash flow. Q1 operating cash flow of $364 million was a 10% increase versus prior
year. Q1 free cash flow was $353 million, a 13% increase versus prior year. So looking on the right, you
can see over the past 2 years, our Q1 free cash flow has compounded a very strong 14%.

As Roper -- at Roper, as Neil said, and as we've all said, as you know, hundreds of times over the past 2
decades, we really do believe cash is the best measure of performance, and that was really another great
cash quarter. We've consistently converted our EBITDA to free cash flow at a rate well above 70% over
the past several years, as you can see 76% conversion in Q1, and we certainly expect that strong cash
conversion to continue moving forward.

Next slide. So turning to Page 8, asset-light business model. Once again, we exited the quarter with
negative net working capital, negative 4.4%. That was aided by consistently strong working capital
management across the enterprise and increasing deferred revenue across our portfolio of niche market-
leading software businesses. Roper's focus on cash flow and working capital will be especially important as
we work our way through the pandemic. While we certainly could see some negative short-term impacts
from delayed payments in some affected end markets such as acute health care, we are well positioned
overall given the durable end markets we serve. Our large deferred revenue balance gives us a very high
recurring revenue base, limiting earnings volatility.

On a cash basis, our renewals are spread across the independent businesses and rather evenly throughout
the calendar year, limiting any impact of attrition on our cash conversion.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

So in closing, we expect our working capital to remain negative and our strong cash conversion to
continue in 2020 and beyond.

Next slide. So turning to the balance sheet and the strong financial position. This is always a very
important slide, but even more critical in today's economic environment, dealing with really the
unprecedented shock to global economic activity around the pandemic. We will first look at the numbers
here, and then I'll spend a little time on the following slide to talk more about our outlook and the steps
we've taken at Roper to prepare ourselves to continue to execute on our disciplined capital deployment
strategy.

In short, Roper's liquidity position and balance sheet are very strong. We currently have over $1 billion
of cash on hand, and our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility remains fully undrawn. As a reminder, we
divested our Gatan business in the fourth quarter, and the cash proceeds remain on our balance sheet.
We do have approximately $200 million of cash taxes yet to be paid on the Gatan divestiture, and that
payment is now not due until July with the postponement of tax day.

So in summary, at the end of the quarter, gross debt sat at $5.3 billion against nearly $2 billion of trailing
EBITDA for a gross debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.7x. However, taking into account our unusually large cash
balance, net debt was only $4.3 billion.

Next slide. So turning to Page 10. I wanted to take a moment really during this unprecedented time
and review, we think -- what we think are the many benefits of Roper's unique business model. The
diversification we have across 45 independent, high-margin, asset-light businesses operating across
many different niches results in excellent credit profile. We are not dependent on specific end markets
and almost nothing is centralized, limiting the overall financial impact of any facility closures or industry-
specific economic shocks.

So aided by our business model and diversification, we are confident the Roper enterprise will continue to
generate high levels of cash flow in nearly all conceivable macroeconomic scenarios. As mentioned earlier,
we currently have over $1 billion of cash on our balance sheet, which, as you all know, is a very unusual --
unusually high number for Roper. I think long time shareholders realize how unusual this is. Typically, we
hold a limited amount of cash and draw on our revolver to fund acquisitions. This is, however, fortunate
timing given the pandemic and something we want to take advantage of with an eye toward future cash
flow compounding.

So over the last couple of weeks, we initiated and completed an amendment process with 100% support
from our bank group to modify our gross debt-to-EBITDA covenant to receive credit for this cash.

It was fascinating as Shannon and I went through the process with the banks. We are one of the only
companies to come to the amendment process as a purely offensive move. This process really was an eye
opener to just how unique our company is. My thanks to Shannon and also our high-quality bank group for
all the work to complete this amendment quickly and successfully.

So under the new calculation, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio currently sits at 2.1x, which is about a half
a turn lower than under the old calculation compared to the covenant of 3.5. So in summary, we remain
very well positioned with significant financial capacity to take advantage of our large pipeline of high-
quality acquisition opportunities.

So with that, I'll turn it back over to Neil.

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Rob. It's worth underscoring the strength of our balance sheet and borrowing capacity. Also a
great job by Rob and Shannon and adjusting to a net debt covenant. This further strengthens our capital
deployment capacity and the ability to play offense at the appropriate time. Also, thanks to our lending
group.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Now let's turn to how we're responding operationally to COVID-19. First, from an employee health
perspective, we are blessed to have very few COVID-19 cases, each of which has recovered or is
recovering. From an operational readiness perspective, we are also fortunate. All of our businesses with
manufacturing facilities have been deemed essential and have remained operational, delivering the vital
products that our customers need during this time. And the remainder of our workforce has successfully
transitioned to working from home.

Our portfolio of niche businesses are characterized by having meaningfully reduced cyclical exposure
having high levels of recurring revenues, low asset intensity, low levels of fixed costs and high levels
of operating cash flow. We operate this portfolio in a highly decentralized operating structure that
enables rapid, nimble execution. Our locally driven, bottoms-up approach to business planning performs
exceptionally well in any environment. And clearly, this is an unprecedented one. Given this, there've not
been any top-down mandates or mandatory targets, but rather a few guiding principles to consider and an
incentive system that promotes investments in long-term organic growth.

We did ask our businesses to assess the short- and medium-term impacts to their demand drivers and
take a sober view of each. Based on this, each business deployed appropriate cost countermeasures
with emphasis on 3 items: First, each business worked to manage their margins appropriately with
always vigilant management of cash flow. Second, each business targeted mostly temporary cost
countermeasures. And third, each business continues to make no-regrets investments in innovation and
talent, all of which have a mind's eye towards an offensive-oriented posture upon recovery.

Also important and often under discussed is our direct channel access in the vast majority of our
companies. Rarely does Roper have a business that relies on third parties or distributors for market
access. Given this, we remain engaged with our customers in good times and bad. We learn. We adapt.
Most importantly, we stay connected. This typically enables market share capture in the difficult times and
accelerated benefits during the recovery cycle. And in all times, our leaders keep an intense focus on cash.

Having worked through this process over the last several weeks, I'm incredibly proud of how our leaders
have reacted and managed through the current situation. And I'd like to thank each and every one for the
work, hard decisions and difficult conversations you have had to endure. Thank you.

As we turn to our first quarter segment results, I'll start with our Application Software segment, briefly, a
quick run-through of Q1, which was quite strong.

Revenues were $405 million, up 5% on an organic basis. EBITDA was $156 million or 38.6% of revenue.
The quarter was highlighted by continued strength at Deltek for consistent factors: strength in GovCon
execution, nice wins at the enterprise level and certain professional service markets and continued cloud
or SaaS adoption. However, based on the impact of C-19 sheltering, Deltek did see a slowing in perpetual
deal activity during the last couple of weeks in the quarter.

PowerPlan was also strong in the quarter. The sales pipeline build that we discussed in prior quarters
executed nicely. CBORD and Strata were strong. In CBORD case, due to their integrated security and
subscription-based software sold into higher ed markets; and for Strata, much of the same, continued
solid sales execution and adoption of their hospital-based cost accounting and financial planning solutions.

As we turn to outlook considerations, we want to provide an overview of the business model drivers for
the businesses in this segment. To start, about 10% of the revenues in this segment are derived from
perpetual software licenses. Within this bucket of revenue, new sales are derived principally from 3
sources: new logos; add-on product sales to existing customers; and finally, seat or volume expansions.
Given the current economic outlook, we expect the vast majority of new logo sales to meaningfully slow
down for the balance of the year. However, we do expect some volume of add-on product bookings to
continue. Typically, during economic slowdowns, some level of selling activity does occur within this bucket
of license revenue. These types of projects are smaller dollar and sold and delivered remotely.

The next bucket of revenues are tied to service delivery. Service revenues arise from 2 sources: new
product implementations or existing product upgrades. The first bucket is tied directly to new license
sales, either new logos or add-ons. The second bucket or services upgrade run independent of new license

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

activity. The services book of business runs off a 6- to 12-month backlog. To date, the vast majority of our
service projects continue, albeit at a slower pace, given both our customers and our delivery teams are
adjusting to working remotely. We expect this revenue stream to be minimally impacted during the course
of the year.

Finally, the remaining 70% of revenue is tied to recurring maintenance or SaaS-based revenues. Our
companies in this segment service end markets that are expected to perform relatively well versus a
broader economy: government contractors, law firms, health care and education. Given we mostly serve
larger enterprises and less-affected end markets, we do expect retention rates to remain high.

Now let's turn to the next slide to discuss some specific business impacts. Our Application Software
businesses have proven to be extremely durable and consistent organic growers and will continue to do
so once customer access and activities begin to come back online. However, in an environment where
we essentially -- where essentially all businesses on a global basis are closed, these businesses will be
modestly impacted.

As we look at Deltek specifically, we expect the government contractor market to continue to perform well.
New lead generation and pipeline build have continued during the last few weeks. On the other hand, we
do expect the slowdown in new logo bookings and their professional service markets as the companies
they serve are in meaningfully impacted segments and tend to be SMB sized. PS revenue and retention
should perform well across both GovCon and professional service markets.

Turning to Aderant, PowerPlan and CBORD. We believe these businesses will be impacted in a similar
fashion. We expect some net new logo bookings to slow for the next few quarters as these businesses
tend to rely on face-to-face interactions to drive enterprise-level new logo sales. These activities will likely
be limited for the remainder of 2020. The smaller, add-on-type product sales are expected to maintain at
some level, albeit at a lower level of sales activity. All 3 of these businesses have done a fantastic job of
shifting their implementation and service activities to be remotely delivered. Recurring revenue retention
should perform well.

As we look at our 4 businesses who sell into the hospital setting, we are experiencing and expect to
continue to experience limited physical access to hospitals. Also, given the financial duress most U.S.
health systems are facing, we expect hospital capital spending to be meaningfully down in 2020. That
said, labs are extremely busy and proving their value to the world over right now. Our teams have been
busy enabling all the new COVID-19 tests and will continue to do so.

As a direct result of COVID-19, the Sunquest project in Queensland has been canceled. Strata should
continue to grow, albeit at a slower pace. We expect continued strong demand for Strata solution, which
help hospitals identify and manage costs and help model and execute financial plans.

Finally, we do anticipate a possible acceleration to the cloud on the back end of the current environment.
As customers have had to implement their DR plans, they are likely returning with an increased appetite
to offload remote IT management of their core systems. Time will tell. Next slide, please.

Turning to our network segment. Q1 revenues grew 9% organically to $441 million. EBITDA was $185
million or 42% of revenue, a solid quarter, indeed.

TransCore's work for the congestion pricing infrastructure project continued in the quarter as it has been
deemed essential work by the state of New York. Network software was strong and highlighted by iTrade
and DAT. iTrade grew high single digits on the back of strong renewal and cross-sell activity. DAT continued
to expand their network and successfully completed the market launch of rate forecasting and book-it-now
capabilities. Finally, RF Ideas did very well due to their identity management solutions.

For this segment, approximately 60% of the revenues are driven by our network software businesses,
85% of which are recurring. These businesses have very strong network effects and generally serve less
impacted end markets such as health care, life insurance, logistics, food and media and entertainment.
Given the core software functionality value and strong network benefits, we expect retention rates to hold
up well across these businesses.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Relative to TransCore, as mentioned, the New York City congestion pricing infrastructure project continues
and is deemed essential. Over the course of the last couple of weeks, New York state and the MTA budget
moved the congestion pricing toll revenue into the operating budget versus the MTA capital budget. Our
view is that this modestly increases the urgency of this project. All this being said, we have pushed the
project to the right a bit, moving approximately $25 million into early 2021.

For the balance of TransCore, project activity continues and will continue, but we do expect some projects
to be pushed into 2021. Over the longer arc of time, the business case for all electronic tolling may
accelerate as a result of the current health pandemic. Essentially, human-to-human contact paying a
toll may be greatly reduced, if not eliminated. TransCore will be ready to execute if this demand driver
accelerates.

Next slide, please. Turning to some company-specific impacts for the software businesses in our network
segment. First, our DAT and ConstructConnect. Both of these businesses have subscription-based revenue
models. Both have some exposure to small- and medium-sized businesses, but also work directly with
large enterprises. Both businesses have network benefits that typically exhibit countercyclical behavior.
For example, and specific to ConstructConnect, the core product is a lead -- is a project lead identification
source. As more contractors look for fewer projects, they tend to enter our network to source and bid for
new project business. In the first 3 weeks in April, it's encouraging to see the ConstructConnect network
expands modestly. For DAT, the brokers stay connected to the network and take advantage of lower spot
rates versus contracted rates, and carriers stay connected to find load volumes.

ITrade is quite busy connecting food retailers. With an increasing number of grower shippers, we expect
minimal disruption here. iPipeline has been super active helping their life insurance customers adapt their
products and their underwriting processes in this environment. The outlook remains stable here as well.

Relative to Foundry, content creation continues. There is a large pipeline of post-production work that is
currently being processed as well as continued new animation content creation. As a potential early read
for western productions, Chinese live action has restarted on a limited basis.

Finally, our alternate site health care businesses will perform relatively well but are not spared from some
level of impact. Both SHP and SoftWriters customers are being impacted by the lack of hospital-based
procedures and the associated outpatient recoveries. For instance, new starts of care for home health are
down 30% to 35% versus a year ago. We expect these customers to likely pause buying new products
until their patient volumes return. Retention, however, should remain high as our products are needed for
core operations.

And finally, MHA's revenues are tied to pharmaceutical utilization across long-term care settings. Starting
now and likely for several quarters into the future, new admissions into long-term care settings will likely
slow. However, this should only modestly impact the growth rate of MHA.

Next slide, please. Turning to our Measurement & Analytical Segment. Q1 revenues grew 3% organically
to $365 million. EBITDA was $123 million or 33.6% of revenue. The quarter was highlighted by strong
growth at Verathon amid the COVID-19 outbreak. Unrelated to C-19, Verathon saw continued traction in
their new single-use bronchoscope products.

Additionally, Northern Digital and Neptune continued their solid string of growth. Also, we did experience
declines, as expected, in our short-cycle industrial businesses with some further weakening in the quarter
due to COVID-19.

Turning to the outlook. This segment can be analyzed across 4 areas: Verathon, other medical products,
Neptune and industrial. At Verathon, we are experiencing truly unprecedented demand for their
GlideScope family of products. Intubation procedures have skyrocketed due to COVID-19. Verathon's video
intubation products enable the caregiver to intubate a patient with appropriate spatial distance from the
patient, making the intubation procedure meaningfully less risky for the caregiver. The demand for these
products is global and has been sustained since the middle of March.

Our other medical product businesses, which grow organically MSD like clockwork in virtually all
environments, are likely negatively impacted based on the global nature of historically lower hospital-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

based volumes and the associated economic impact. Hospitals have never been forced to defer all
nonemergency cases.

Neptune is a very stable growth business due to consistent required meter upgrades and replacements.
Given the shelter-in-place requirements, limited access to indoor meters and municipality budget
uncertainties, some level of sales activity will likely push to the right with the most acute impact being in
the second quarter.

Finally, our industrial businesses are negatively impacted and generally tied to industrial output. Our
industrial products are critical to industrial production processes. There are some pockets of strength,
Dynisco, Hardy and Hansen, but for this group, our revenues for these businesses will be tied to the
pacing of plant reopenings. And as a green shoot, we are seeing strong activity across Chinese end
markets as our markets come back online.

Next slide, please. Turning to our Process Technologies segment. Revenues were $142 million in the
quarter, down 10% on an organic basis. EBITDA was $46 million or 32.4% margins. This was a difficult
quarter for these businesses, and we expect the outlook to remain extremely poor for the balance of 2020.
We saw our upstream businesses decline in the high teens in the quarter. Also, CCC was weak based on
the inability to perform field service work, all related to C-19.

One bright spot in the quarter was Zetec, up mid-single digits based on growth from their new
nondisruptive testing products. The outlook for the balance of the year is going to be an extremely
challenging one. About 60% of the segment's revenue and about 6% of Roper's revenue is related to
oil and gas. We will be hit the hardest, down approximately 50% in the second quarter in our upstream
businesses. For the year, upstream revenues will be less than $100 million or roughly 2% of Roper. We
do not expect the recovery at all in 2020. Our mid- and downstream businesses are also meaningfully
negatively impacted but less so than our upstream businesses. Pace of recovery here will be gated by
CCC's ability to get into the field and perform field service work and the recovery of fuel refining for PAC.

Next slide, please. As we turn to our guidance, we are initiating DEPS guidance for 2Q in the range of
$2.50 to $2.70 and updating our full year DEPS guidance to be between $11.60 and $12.60 per share.
Embedded in this guidance model is an increased full year tax rate of 23%. We built this model, as we
always do, on a business-by-business, bottoms-up analysis. We have summarized the organic outlook for
each segment for the second quarter and the full year with the underlying material assumptions.

For Application Software, we see second quarter revenue down MSD, with full year revenue plus or minus
low single digits. Where we settle for the full year is dependent upon the volume and timing of add-on
perpetual deals, the pacing of services work and sustaining high-recurring revenue retention rates.

For network systems, we've seen second quarter organic revenues up low single digits and full year
up mid-single digits to possibly low double digits. The largest variable is the pacing of the New York
congestion pricing project.

For MAS, we see this segment down mid-single digits in the second quarter and flat to up mid-single digits
for the year. Principal factors for this segment are the sustained nature of Verathon's demand spike, the
timing of medical procedures coming back online, the nature of water municipality budgets and the ramp
of global industrial production.

Finally, our process segment will be materially and negatively impacted. We expect 2Q revenues to be
down at least 30% and full year down in the 20% to 25% range. Again, we do not expect a recovery this
year. When you roll all this together, we expect our consolidated organic revenues to be down mid-single
digits for the second quarter. And for the full year, organic revenues are expected to be plus or minus low
single digits. Again, this is a remarkable testament to the durability of our businesses and business model.

Our teams did a good job responding to the demand shock and placing cost countermeasures in place,
the vast majority of which being temporary. This enabled us to remain -- this enables us to maintain high
margins as we work through the demand shock, retain virtually all no regrets investments in innovation
and talent while preserving the operational flexibility to rebound quickly.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Now let's turn to our summary. We had a very solid Q1, really proud of the team here for these results. As
we quickly pivot towards operating in a C-19 world, our enterprise remains fully operational, and working
from home is proving to be highly effective. So effective that we'll likely remain in this posture for quite
some time. Our balance sheet is stronger than at any point in history, with $1 billion in cash and $2.5
billion of revolver capacity.

For the full year, we expect to have plus or minus flat organic revenue growth. We believe our portfolio of
businesses and our governance processes are well suited to navigate this extremely difficult time. We will
do so in a way that prudently balances short-term financial performance and cost countermeasures with
that of long-term investments in innovation and talent. Our teams are keenly focused on market share
gains, both now and upon recovery.

As we execute our strategy that focuses on long-term cash flow compounding, we will continue to
patiently evaluate and pursue capital deployment opportunities. Our process is rigorous and disciplined.
We do expect many attractive capital deployment opportunities to arise from the current economic
situation. As our balance sheet is very well positioned, we will offensively deploy capital on the -- as the
right opportunities are identified.
Final slide, please. As we prepare for your questions, I wanted to highlight a few examples of how Roper
businesses are aiding in the fight against COVID-19. Our lab businesses enabled a new C-19 test to
interface with lab information systems and provide results to doctors and patients. iTrade is connecting
new food trading relationships as food buying shifted almost entirely to grocers. Strata is using their AI
tools to help hospitals have financial clarity in these uncertain times. And Verathon, as discussed, is truly
on the front lines. I'm extraordinarily proud to be able to lead this organization. Now let's turn to your
questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets.

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

And I just want to thank you for all the additional color that you provided today on both the Application
Software and network software business models and the mix. That was helpful. And that last slide on all
the ways you're participating in the COVID defense, that was great to see as well.

So Neil, for the first question, it's -- the idea here is most companies are drawing on revolvers. You're
obviously not doing that, you're at much stronger position. But keeping $1 billion in cash at the ready to
deploy in M&A at the appropriate time, can you talk through the -- when will be the appropriate time?
Because will these -- there be targets in distress that would be opportunistic? Because it typically takes a
while for prices to reset in a downdraft like this. So maybe kind of set expectations on when and how you
deploy M&A here?

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Appreciate the question. In any environment, it's hard to predict the timing of capital deployment
because, as you know, it's lumpy. But a few comments.

First, leading into the shutdown, leading into the middle of March, we were extraordinarily active and
paused several things and believe at the right time, we can unpause those things. Only time will tell there.
But we stay in constant contact with the owners of those assets, the leadership team for those assets. And
these were very late-stage sort of situations.

On the -- but once we work through that sort of late-stage part of the pipeline, there continues to be some
level of discussions between sponsors and ourselves. We've spent years developing relationships. We know
the portfolios well. And this is the time where those relationships matter the most because it's unlikely
that here in the next couple, 3, 4, 5 months, however long it is, that there's going to be broad-based,
sell-side processes. But sponsors still have requirement to get liquidity back to their shareholders. And if
there's one-off trades that makes sense for both sides, we think those could happen.

And then finally, they're more likely than not. We saw it in the last downturn in the '07, '08, 09 time frame
as we studied that, I wouldn't call them just -- there likely be some companies that are distressed from
a capital structure point of view, not from an operating point of view, which gives them sort of -- it puts
them in a pinch to where we're able to acquire nice assets, operating assets that meet all of our criteria.
But they just have -- made some poor decisions or have some bad timing on their capital structure.

So there's really -- it's the nature of where we'll sort of target, might change modestly. Because you're
right, it does take typically a couple of quarters, plus or minus, for private valuations to reset to where
public ones are.

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

That's real helpful. And then a follow-up for Rob on working capital. You said that there was -- you might
be seeing some delayed payments. Can you elaborate on that? And when you said you expect working
capital to remain negative, was that a comment for quarterly or for the year? And how do you think the
quarterly stacks out for -- in terms of being negative each quarter?

Robert C. Crisci
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Yes. Deane, appreciate the question. It's always difficult to predict working capital, right? It's one of the
toughest things to predict. We certainly know that there are some end markets, particularly acute care --
health care, where, if you follow the news, there's going to be some challenges there where hospitals are
slowing some payments, et cetera. So difficult to predict each quarter.

I will say that our customers overall were in very durable end markets. And so we expect really no credit
risk across all of our customers. So it's a matter of timing of payments. And when you have the huge
deferred revenue balance, when you have management teams, they're really close to their customers. We
feel really confident that the working capital position will remain very strong and negative throughout the
year.

Operator

Our next question today comes from Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Thanks for all the detail. Every quarter, more successive detail on all the businesses. It's very helpful in
helping us dumb industrial analysts understand these tech businesses. So I appreciate that.

On the second quarter guide, the -- it looks to me like your sales are down like $85 million -- $80 million
to $90 million, just using kind of a mid-single-digit rate maybe. And -- but the EPS decline of like $0.45
seems to be a pretty high decremental. Is that just kind of the nature of the business? How -- can you
kind of just help us walk the kind of the profit performance there? Anything moving around mix wise?

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

Yes, I'll start, and then I'll ask Rob to add any color. So obviously, the -- this demand shock for basically
every company came fast and deep, right? So we started feeling it across a few of our companies at the
end of the quarter. And then obviously, it sustained here through the first part of April.

So a couple of comments. So first, when this happened, just from a planning perspective, we first -- we
didn't try to overreact or react too quickly. We first had to get everybody home, which took a week or 2.
We then took a week to 10 days to let our leaders really onboard and accept the reality of the demand
shock. And then we started our planning process, which was really the first week or so in April. So some
time spaced by. And so by the time you do the planning process in the second quarter and then start
putting in the cost countermeasures, it was really just starting to layer in now against what we believe is
going to be the steepest demand shock. And so when you put those 2 together, you just naturally get sort
of the worst leverage, if you will, in 2Q and things stabilize from that point forward.

Robert C. Crisci
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I'll just add to that. We talked a lot about the perpetual license timing. And so when you're in the
second quarter period where the economy is basically shut down for at least the first month of the quarter.
So we're not assuming much, if any, license revenue. As you know, that comes at a really high margin. We
do have the TransCore project continuing, which is lower margin. So you're really also looking at some mix
impacts, adding on to what Neil said.

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

And then the final thing, Steve, so I should have mentioned it at the onset, is we're not adding back any
of the restructuring costs. So that is a little bit of a headwind in the quarter as well.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. How much is that again?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

It's sub-$10 million.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That makes some sense. And then it's my understanding that in some of these software businesses,
you see kind of perhaps a bit of a pause, but then that's kind of a quarterly variance. We're kind of used to
some CapEx businesses that are kind of more annual cycles. So that -- are you expecting kind of a push
on revenues in Application Software from second quarter into third, so that you kind of have a bit of like
pent-up revenue in the second half of the year, if you will? Is that how we should kind of think about this
or not really?

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

So Steve, everything's certainly pushing to the right. We've not assumed that there's a -- it's a 2Q push
that comes back in 3Q. It's just everything sliding to the right. And to the extent what you describe
happens, then that would lead us to be more on the higher side of our guidance than the lower side.

On the new logo sales, the new customers that are buying relatively high-dollar, transformational-type IT
projects, those are going to be pushed to the right for the balance of the year for the most part, right?
Who's going to make a big IT investment right now, setting aside how our salespeople actually get to
that customer and sell. But the smaller-ticket items, the upgrades and the add-on products, that level of
activity has actually been quite nice. At Deltek, for instance, the top of the funnel here in the last 3 or 4
weeks, like this is the inquiries, are up 30% to 35% versus a year ago. Now some of that is everybody's
sitting at home doing Google searches, right? So the quality of that top of the funnel may not be as high.
But what's been accepted as sales acceptance lead at Deltek has actually paced even a little bit ahead
of last year. So the exact nature of how this thing is going to unfold because it's more of a shock than a
cycle, is yet to be seen.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Sorry, one more for you. Any impact to MHA? I know that obviously, nursing homes and those types of
things are having a real hard time right now dealing with all of this in certain areas, kind of struggle to
understand whether that's -- it's obviously negative in life, but it did -- whether it's negative or positive for
your business. How does that work here with the stress in nursing homes?

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So certainly, the number of new admissions to the skilled nursing or SNF sort of care setting is likely
going to be paused for quite some time, right? We're not putting in the elderly population in that care
setting. So that -- because the census, if you will, in SNFs, is going to be impacted by that, that will have
some, but it'd be a modest and slow building impact, negative impact to the growth rate of MHA.

What still happens, we're not seeing any meaningful discharges, right? The people that are in this setting
for a long arc of time, they're not being pulled out because of what's going on. And this is just one of
many growth drivers at MHA, right? You still have pricing that goes up. You still have pharmaceutical
consumption per capita that goes up. You still have the team building to put new products online. There
still are new pharmacies that will start that we'll capture. So there's a handful of sort of consistent growth
drivers. But certainly, census levels will moderate some in the skilled nursing facility, which will impact the
growth rate of -- modestly of MHA.

Operator

Our next question today comes from Julian Mitchell of Barclays.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Unknown Analyst

[ Joao ] on for Julian. Maybe switching back to working capital first. Can you talk a bit on how the
unearned revenue is going to kind of play in without the expectation? How well has that been holding up?
And how much of a headwind could that be with AS guided down for Q2?

Robert C. Crisci
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, sure. This is Rob. The way deferred revenue works for our software businesses is it's just the passage
of time that needs to happen in order for the revenue to be recognized. And so as I mentioned on the
call, it is -- when you have a renewal, then -- and then that's the point at which you hope the customer
renews or they don't. And generally, they do at very high 90% renewal rates. And those renewals are
timed throughout the year. So as long as you maintain your recurring revenue, it's very, very steady. The
deferred revenue continues to grow as the software businesses grow.

A reminder, we're selling this software. It's really critical software systems across durable markets, like
government contractors, mostly large enterprises are the customers. And so it's very, very steady. It gives
you high levels of recurring revenue and high levels of cash flow. So we don't see any meaningful impact
from that certainly in the short term.

Unknown Analyst

Got it. And then I guess maybe on that guided decline for next quarter, it does sound like a big chunk
of that is just push out of licensing and so on. But is there any impact from kind of the mix here moving
much more towards license and service rather than perpetual just being down to 10% now kind of as
you're saying?

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

Well, certainly, we expect the bucket of revenue of perpetual license revenue, the historical 10% number,
that will be down. It will be impacted for the reasons that we talked about. The recurring won't be
impacted in any meaningful way and the services backlog, we'll work through the back -- the services
teams will work through the backlog, as we've said. So I don't know if you have...

Robert C. Crisci
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And then just as you're going through the guidance, keep in mind, we did increase the tax rate. So
that's a big difference from prior guidance and if you're looking at last year versus this year. So the tax
rate is a little bit higher. And then we are assuming relatively high deleveraging in Process Technologies
given all the declines there and that we're not assuming any sort of a rebound. And as Neil mentioned,
we're taking specific cost actions as well that are flowing through. So those are all key drivers in the roll
up.

Operator

Our next question comes from Joe Giordano of Cowen.

Joseph Craig Giordano
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I apologize if you went through some of the stuff. We're kind of quadruple passing this morning a little bit.
So for TransCore, I know you mentioned in the prepared remarks, you pushed some off into next year, and
I don't think that should be too surprising. But given some of the stuff that's been in the paper recently
about necessary permits and issues with different government agencies, can you talk about what actually
needs to happen before this is able to be -- before the actual hardware can be deployed?

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Yes. So I would -- the hardware is being deployed. The project is on track. It's on pace other than just
pushing the $25 million in our planning assumptions into the Q1 of next year. What you may have read
and what others have read is there -- I think there is a distinct separation between the work that we're
doing with our customer to put the infrastructure in, which is pacing for the reason we said. It's now the
revenue from this or the operating budget, not the capital budget because the MTA, obviously, revenues
are way down, given what's going on. And then what [indiscernible] happened [ was the ] governmental
process to enable and structure the tolling itself. That's going to happen at the very end part of this year,
but the infrastructure work continues, and that's -- and we -- that's our planning assumption. All the
signals and all the discussions, as you can imagine, we stay very, very close with this customer, and we're
in the same posture on that together with our customer.

Joseph Craig Giordano
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

So does -- I guess, would that put potentially like a push on some of the recurring revenue associated with
this if there's some issue with like a go-live so you get your deployment and then there could be like a
delay in the -- in when stuff actually goes on?

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

Yes, it could. If we ultimately don't go live, then the maintenance part would not turn on, would be our
planning assumption there. But I think there's a pretty high level of interest by all parties to see this
project turn on.

Joseph Craig Giordano
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Yes. Okay. And then again, you probably went through this a little bit. But on the software backlog that
you have, like, can you just talk me through how you're thinking about that in terms of whether it's 6-
month or a year? Like what do you anticipate -- what do you modeling in, in terms of like companies being
smaller and needing less licenses and stuff like that?

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

So well, there's a couple of different questions embedded there. So first -- but first of all, you have to
go company by company. So really, all we're talking about in our comments where we see a meaningful
headwind on the license activities at our Application Software business. We went company-by-company on
the network side. The recurring nature, they'll be impacted, but doesn't have the license activity because
they're all SaaS businesses there. So when you look at Application Software, it's really the combination
of those companies there that are going to likely not have large, new customer perpetual deals happen in
this environment.

The smaller projects, the add-on projects, the upgrade projects, the increased functionality, the -- how
do you turn on -- do some SaaS conversions, right, during this process, during the current economic
environment, the activity in the sales funnel suggests that's going to continue, but we're only 5 or 6 weeks
into this situation, so we have to see how that continues. So that's on the license side.

On the services side, the services work results from selling licenses. So there'll still be some of that. And
then there's a fair amount of upgrades that happened. And actually, when -- times like this or actually a
pretty decent time to upgrade systems because you have maybe less people in the office and less user
activity, so the IT staff can do what they need to do to get to a new version. Now we have to see if it
actually plays out. But even if it doesn't, even if that had slowed, the services teams work off a 6- to 12-
month services backlog of implementation. They basically have 6 to 12 months to replenish the backlog
from new sales activities.

Joseph Craig Giordano
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Perfect. So fair to say you're assuming that to be -- like essentially like a 0 in new big licensing and things
like that for now?

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

Well, again, you've got to parse it out, right? It's very low large, new logos assumed in the planning
horizon. There is going to be some new -- for the product add-ons. That's exactly right.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Blanton of Clear Harbor Asset Management.

Alexander M. Blanton
Clear Harbor Asset Management, LLC

Typically, during recessions, dominant companies like Roper gain market share -- a lot of market share in
some cases, from weaker competitors. And it seems to me that, that would be true right now in space.
Could you comment on where you would expect the greatest such effect at Roper? I mean gaining share
from companies that get in trouble during this period?

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

Alex, appreciate the question. No. It's a -- we agree with your sentiment. History would suggest that's the
case. When you have the operational readiness that we have, when you have the balance sheet that we
have, when you have the cash flow that we have, sort of [ mouths those hearty ] needs allows us to very
quickly pivot to play offense or defense, and that's the posture that we're leaning, right? We also talked in
our prepared remarks about our direct channel access. So we're talking across all of our businesses every
day with our customers.

Where the opportunities are, it's incrementally, and I don't -- I mean, it's in all the businesses. I don't
want to sort of call out one business there where there's a disproportionate opportunity because it's a
structural opportunity with our business model that we have across the 45 businesses. But we agree,
there is times to fulfill need right now when our competitors cannot fulfill a product that garners you sort
of an opportunity to capture and keep that share of momentum going on the backside of this thing. So
we agree with the sentiment, and we're offensively leaning forward, but we've got to be -- do that in a
prudent way, given the current situation we all face.

Alexander M. Blanton
Clear Harbor Asset Management, LLC

Right. And you mentioned that you're keeping very close touch with your customers, so you can identify
these opportunities when they arise.

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

That's correct.

Alexander M. Blanton
Clear Harbor Asset Management, LLC

I have one more question on your -- on the acquisition outlook. You mentioned that there's a delay in
implementing some of the sellers plans to sell the businesses, which is understandable. But could you
characterize the backlog? You said it was a very full backlog or pipeline of acquisition opportunities. Could
you expand on that a bit? Because you've got a lot of [ fire power ] there.

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Correct. There's always a lot of activity that happens in our pipeline. I've been here since 2011. For
the first 6 or 7 years, it was my responsibility to manage the pipeline, in addition to my operating
responsibilities. And so just speaking over the whole time I've been here, there's a lot of activity.

What we're specifically commenting on earlier is there was very late-stage activity. Under exclusivity, most
terms agreed, to most diligence done for a few deals that we just decided it was prudent to pause and
take stock of the current situation. So there's a late-stage pipeline.

Now the things right behind that, most -- every other process, sales process that was in the market has
pulled for obvious reasons. And so we're going to have to lean into our knowledge of the existing sponsor
relationships and relationships that we have to see if we can build funnel on a proprietary basis for the
next couple of quarters. And only time will tell if we're going to be able to successfully do that. And then
from that point, private equity business models need to return capital to their limiteds, and we expect that
to continue once the new reality of the valuation regime, the leverage regime, all sort of land on us all.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robert McCarthy of Stephens.

Robert Paul McCarthy
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Yes, just expanding on kind of the private equity or the acquisition environment. Obviously, a situation
where, as Deane suggested, prices are coming down. But I mean, could you see a phenomenon here of
-- as private equity has a lot of businesses that are probably highly impacted more than what their risk
characteristics would have suggested, that you could provide the ATM on some decent deals where they
could get an exit, so there could be a liquidity premium to getting something out, returning it to limiteds
and you could still pick off some decent businesses at some reasonable valuations? Do you think there's a
path forward for that? And maybe just expand more broadly about your acquisitions capacity and candor?

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So on the capacity side, it's going to -- it's $2 billion to $3 billion right now very easily. We're going to
be prudent in how we deploy that and always be very mindful of the current situation we're in.

Relative to the first part of your question, I think it depends on the sponsor, right? If you talk to some
of these very large, highly successful sponsors who have raised 8 to 15 funds and returned 3 to 5x, my
guess is their limiteds are going to have a lot of patience with them as they work through this. So those
assets and those portfolios, I think they wait a little longer.

On the other hand, there's scores of more middle-market sponsors that do not have that track record that
probably exhibit the exact behavior that they're outlining. And so only time will tell, but it's our job to
identify those opportunities as they come up.

Robert Paul McCarthy
Stephens Inc., Research Division

And then I guess in terms of thinking about the longer-term opportunity with CBORD and also TransCore,
I mean obviously, episodically, companies have been talking about changing the regime for not only
payments but also access, particularly given in light of the pandemic. I mean you're going to probably
see a reconfiguration of security and access around motion as opposed to touch, just given the nature of
sanitation and public hygiene. Do you think that creates a bit of an opportunity for you in each of those
businesses? Or do you think it's a little bit too much of a nuance right now?

Laurence Neil Hunn
President, CEO & Director

I think it does over the medium term, right? So there's the CBORD. It's the work we've done with Apple
for contactless sort of entry and security. I think also the way that in the near term, at least, universities

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

are going to want to follow where the students are, and so we might be able to be assistants -- assist
them in that. TransCore, we talked about the concept of handing cash and getting change back is likely
going to end here at some point. And then also, RF Ideas is a business we all talk a whole lot about. We
talked about in the quarter -- I mean, in the quarter, they had a very strong quarter. They're all about
contactless reading for identity access, for instance, in hospitals and health systems. For secure print,
right, so how do you actually go to a printer and get your materials off without having to touch it. So they
enable those sorts of solutions from a product perspective.

Operator

That will end our question-and-answer session for this call. We would now like to turn the call back to Zack
Moxcey for closing remarks.

Zack Moxcey
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thank you, everyone, for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you during our next
earnings call.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

