S&P Global Inc. NYSE:SPGI
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 28, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.64

3.40

Revenue  (mm)

1783.08

1943.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-28-2020 12:58 PM GMT

28.79

8.97

2.42

10.25

10.98

1697.70

6963.32

7297.18

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.34

2.42

2.32

2.64

2.46

2.53

2.73

3.40

5.13 %

4.55 %

17.67 %

28.79 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

14

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive
Director

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Robert S. Merritt
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Judah Efram Sokel
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Trevor Romeo
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to S&P Global's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. I'd like to
inform you that this call is being recorded for broadcast. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to introduce Mr. Chip Merritt, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for S&P Global.
Sir, you may begin.

Robert S. Merritt
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you for joining us today for S&P Global's second quarter earnings call. Presenting on today's call are
Doug Peterson, President and CEO; and Ewout Steenbergen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer.

As COVID-19 remains a concern, we are all calling in remotely instead of hosting this call together from
our headquarters. If you notice any delays, we thank you for your understanding.

We issued a news release with our second quarter 2020 results earlier today. If you need a copy of the
release and financial schedules, they can be downloaded at investor.spglobal.com.

In today's earnings release and during the conference call, we're providing adjusted financial information.
This information is provided to enable investors to make meaningful comparisons of the corporation's
operating performance between periods and to view the corporation's business from the same perspective
as management's.

The earnings release contains exhibits that reconcile the difference between the non-GAAP measures
and the comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This call, especially the
discussion of our outlook and associated scenarios, contains statements about expected future events that
are forward-looking and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially from expectations can be found in our filings with the SEC and on our website.

Before we begin, I need to provide certain cautionary remarks about forward-looking statements.
Except for historical information, the matters discussed in the teleconference may contain forward-
looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including
projections, estimates and descriptions of future events. Any such statements are based on current
expectations and current economic conditions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause
actual results to differ materially from results anticipated in these forward-looking statements.

In this regard, we direct listeners to the cautionary statements contained in our Form 10-Ks, 10-Qs
and other periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. I would also like to
call your attention to European regulation. Any investor who has or expects to obtain ownership of 5%
or more of S&P Global should give me a call to better understand the impact of this legislation on the
investor and, potentially, the company.

We're aware that we do have some media representatives with us on the call. However, this call is
intended for investors, and we would ask that questions for the media be directed to Dave Guarino at
(212) 438-1471.

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Doug Peterson. Doug?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Thank you, Chip. Good morning, and welcome to today's earnings call. I'm going to begin by talking about
our second quarter financial highlights, but I want to take a moment to express my gratitude for our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

people at S&P Global for their dedication and commitment in this extremely challenging time. I'm very
proud of our teams and their resilience.

As we enter the second half of the year that none of us could have predicted, S&P Global and our people
remain focused on supporting each other, our customers and our communities through this ongoing
pandemic. We're still largely all working from home. We have developed plans to return to the office in a
way that best suits our business and our employees when conditions permit.

Because we're fortunate enough to be able to work remotely and continue to deliver the highest value to
our customers, we will only move forward with these plans when we're comfortable and confident in our
ability to support all of our employees and clients in a safe environment. More to come on how we were
doing this.

Now let me begin with our second quarter financial highlights. A surge in liquidity-driven bond issuance
resulted in exceptional second quarter results. Not only was the performance of the Ratings business
strong, all 4 divisions delivered revenue and adjusted operating profit growth.

During our first quarter earnings call, we explained the expense controls we were putting in place
to prudently manage through the pandemic. These efforts resulted in a 3% decline in total adjusted
expenses during the second quarter and demonstrate the company's ability to reduce costs in a difficult
environment. The combination of revenue growth, cost reductions and the reduction of shares outstanding
resulted in adjusted diluted EPS growth of 40%.

I'd also like to share some additional highlights from the second quarter. Most importantly, the company
continued to successfully operate despite the COVID-19 pandemic. We completed the $100 million
productivity program that we initiated at Investor Day in May of 2018 and achieved a run rate of $120
million in savings. Ewout will provide more details on that during his remarks as well as review our
increased 2020 guidance.

We also continued our investment growth initiatives and launched several new products. I'll share
information on these in a moment. And we introduced a new internal initiative [ called Reimagine ]. Over
the next few months, we will reimagine and design the future of our workplace focusing on technology to
transform how we serve our customers, where we work and how we work.

During these unprecedented times, our goal, first and foremost, was to support our people, [ our clients ]
and our communities. To help our employees, we have increased benefits and introduced flexible work
schedules to help them juggle hectic home lives and work. We've also introduced programs to elevate
employees' understanding of racial injustice.

Our efforts for diversity extend to our supply chain and business partners, where we strive to partner
with minority, women, veteran and LGBTQ-owned businesses. We do not tolerate any discriminations at
S&P Global and are taking the time to listen and learn from each other and ensure that we are part of the
solution and are advocates of change.

In April, we added a question to our NPS survey, asking our customers how we were supporting
them during the COVID-19 crisis. Our customers have expressed overwhelmingly positive feedback,
acknowledging the increased frequency and availability of our research and insights related to COVID-19
via weekly calls, webinars and robust online content.

Similarly, visitors across all our public websites have expressed a strong appetite for insights and research
during the first half of the year. We've reached record levels of website visitors, time spent on our sites
and content consumed in our thought leadership pieces, webinars and virtual events.

In line with our commitment to give back and support our communities, the company was also able to
make an additional $6 million contribution to the S&P Global Foundation in Q2. In 2020, the foundation
is scheduled to make at least $11 million in contributions to support organizations in line with COVID-19
relief, racial equity and social justice, economic inclusion, environmental sustainability, gender equality and
other organizations supporting our communities.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Our foundation grants during the COVID-19 pandemic have been used to help organizations connect 0.5
million people to local nutritious food distribution in the United States, distribute PPE kits to vulnerable
families in many locations in Brazil and to feed 1 million people hot meals across parts of India.

To recap the financial results for the second quarter, revenue increased 14% to $1.9 billion. Our adjusted
operating profit increased 31%, and our adjusted operating profit margin increased 740 basis points to
58.7%. As you know, we measure and track adjusted operating profit margin on a trailing 4-quarter basis,
which increased 410 basis points to 53.6%. In addition, shares outstanding declined 2% over the past
year, contributing to the 40% increase in adjusted diluted EPS.

One of the strengths of S&P Global is the resilience of our business model. In 2019, over 70% of our
revenue came from either subscriptions from the nontransaction portion of our Ratings business or from
asset-linked fees, primarily in Indices. In addition, much of the transaction-based revenue in Ratings is
driven by the refinancing of debt as it reaches maturity on a known and predictable schedule.

Another strength of our company is the wide range of sectors that we serve. In addition to financial
institutions, we serve numerous industries, including utilities, technology, integrated oil and gas as well
as governments. And because of this diversity of revenue, no 1 industry and certainly no 1 customer
represents a majority of our business. In fact, nonfinancial corporates and industrial categories represent
almost 60% of our revenue.

Each quarter, we highlight a few key drivers to our business and important projects underway. This
quarter, let's start with the Ratings issuance trends.

During the second quarter, global bond issuance increased 36%. If we also include bank loan ratings
volume, total global issuance increased 31%. U.S. led the way with quarterly records for both investment-
grade and high-yield issuance. Companies poured into the market to enhance their cash positions.

While it's not unusual for large banks to tap the bond market several times during the quarter, it's unusual
for corporates to do so. However, between the third week of March and the end of June, there were over
50 corporations that came to the market with multiple bond offerings.

What was also interesting was the way that companies approached issuance. Some came straight to
the market. Some tapped their revolvers, and then several weeks later, termed out their debt with new
issuance and repaid the revolvers, as you see on the next slide. And finally, some companies who are
frequent issuers of commercial paper turned the bond market with new debt as the commercial paper
market experienced a period of great volatility.

Turning to the data. In the U.S., bond issuance in aggregate increased 57% as investment grade increased
135%, high yield increased 115%, public finance increased 9% and structured finance decreased 56%,
with large declines in every asset class. European bond issuance increased 36% as investment grade
increased 63%, high yield decreased 28% and structured finance decreased 21% due to declines across
every asset class except ABS.

In Asia, bond issuance increased 16% overall, and Ratings issued 3 new domestic ratings in China. As
China recovers from the pandemic, lockdowns are ending, and we have reopened our Chinese offices.
While the pipeline of prospects continues to grow, meeting clients in person should help to advance the
business.

As mentioned, here, you can see how corporations drew down these revolvers in March and April. And on
the right-hand side of this slide, you see the dramatic increase of issuers during the quarter, with over 500
compared to 300 last year.

One of the first questions investors ask whenever there is a strong quarter of issuance is, "How much of
this was pull forward?" Because of the unprecedented level of issuance, we thought we'd try to address
this with some data.

On this slide, we analyze upcoming maturity data from different points in time. As you can see, the
upcoming maturities in the second half of this year and the next few years have not changed much in the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

past 6 months. So despite the flurry of issuance in the last few months, there doesn't appear to have been
much pull-forward activity.

Next, we look at the total amount of global debt outstanding. As you can see, it's been growing every year
by an average of $884 billion or approximately 5%. In the first 6 months of this year, the amount of global
debt outstanding increased by $781 billion, clearly, a significant increase.

So we conclude that the level of pull-forward activity is not unusual. Instead, we have a surge in new
issuance that has created an uptick in the growth of total global corporate debt.

Bank loan rating activity is not captured in issuance data. However, since it's an important element of
Ratings revenue, we like to disclose bank loan rating revenue each quarter. In the second quarter, it
decreased 47% from the prior period to $45 million. High-yield bonds were clearly the preferred option for
issuers this quarter.

ESG is a major emphasis across the company, and we continue to strengthen our footprint. In Ratings,
15 ESG evaluations were completed or in progress during the quarter and 80 year-to-date. We also
completed 3 Green Evaluations during the quarter, with 79 to date. In addition, we launched the S&P
Global ESG scores based on the SAM data that we acquired earlier this year.

Trucost climate data has been integrated into portfolio analytics, enabling investment professionals
to analyze ESG factors for an enhanced portfolio view. The Trucost Metals and Mining Climate
Competitiveness dataset was launched on our Data Marketplace. The dataset covers 1,400 mining assets
owned by more than 500 public and private companies located in 78 countries. In Indices, ESG ETF AUM
continues to climb, reaching $6.6 billion at the end of June.

And Platts launched 3 new daily spot price assessments for the U.S. post-consumer PET bottle bales,
adding transparency to the trade -- recycled material. In addition, Platts Analytics Scenario Planning
Service, SPS, and World Energy Demand have been gaining traction with annual contract value growth of
over 70% at the end of the second quarter compared to a year ago.

SPS, underpinned by the market-leading World Energy Demand, offers clients a view of the medium-
and long-term trajectories of energy and commodity markets as well as insights into the interconnected
nature of market fundamentals, technology, policy and consumer preferences. This comprehensive service
gives access to the data and tools needed to respond to the risk and opportunities presented in the energy
transition.

Platts has been operating in the energy transition space for over 15 years, with valuable analytics in the
form of price assessments, news and analytical services across a variety of environmental markets and
related commodities.

We think that the launch of S&P Global ESG score is a significant milestone for the company. These scores
are based on 20 years of SAM data. This dataset we provide includes sustainability scores that have an
impact on the company's business value drivers, including growth, profitability, capital efficiency and risk
exposure for more than 7,000 companies. A qualitative screening evaluates a company's response to
critical sustainability issues that may arise during the year and full data history dating back to 2013.

The scores are available as data feeds and can be found on the Data Marketplace that we described to
you last quarter. In fact, these scores have quickly become the most sought-after dataset of our Data
Marketplace. A sample of the data for an industrial company is depicted on the right side of this slide, with
the total ESG score in the top row and the scoring components underneath.

I'm particularly pleased that with all the distractions that our employees faced during this pandemic, they
continue to innovate and launch new products. Let me highlight just a few of these. Machine-readable
filings by Market Intelligence is a new data offering that applies cleansing and parsing techniques to
generate machine-readable text extracted from SEC regulatory filings. This might be of interest to many of
you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Our Indices business has partnered with IHS Markit to create multi-asset class indices. We'll use the S&P
500 and IHS Markit's iBoxx bond indices and CDX in iTraxx credit indices to construct new multi-asset
benchmarks. In the first phase of the collaboration, the companies are working to design a liquid, multi-
asset allocation strategy.

As we continue to ramp up our Chinese operations, we launched the first Mandarin-language release of
Ratings360.

As part of the broader efforts of contributing to the digitalization of commodity markets, Platts has
introduced APIs for 2 important datasets, the world refinery database and Platts' oil inventory. Platts work
with selected clients in the development phase of these APIs. These new APIs are the beginning of a multi-
year effort to provide fundamental commodity insights and data from our highly valued analytical services,
to direct machine consumption and customer back-end systems and quantitative model.

Lastly, I want to share that Kensho is now making its entity-linking capability available to our customers.
It's called Kensho Link, and it's a machine learning model, which minimizes the time it takes to onboard
new datasets and organize entity data. We've even seen clients use Kensho Link to manage data in their
CRM system.

There's just one more new product launch I want to feature. It's called RiskGauge. Small- and medium-
sized enterprises account for approximately 90% of global businesses. Financials for many of these
companies, however, are difficult to find.

RiskGauge offers credit information on more than 50 million global companies. With its significant SME
coverage, RiskGauge reports allow the streamlining of counterparty credit risk assessment by helping
them cover risks and deteriorations in payment behavior. Clients can now access a detailed company credit
risk profile that contains relative performance benchmarks and insightful commentary.

In addition to company profiles, a RiskGauge Score and Probability of Default commentary, we offer
PaySense, which allows identification of an entity's trade payment behavior and potential liquidity risk
based on our statistical model; and MaxLimit, a framework that recommends maximum exposure limits by
incorporating multiple risk dimensions, user risk appetite and macroeconomic elements.

Each year, S&P Dow Jones Indices releases the annual survey of assets. This chart depicts the highlights
of that survey for 2019. Asset levels and actively managed funds that benchmark against our indices
increased 21% to $9.3 trillion. Assets in passive funds invested in products index to our indices increased
33% to $6.4 trillion.

Numerous indices underlie the $6.4 trillion, including the S&P 500, the largest with $4.6 trillion in assets.
Other categories include smart beta and fixed income, which both increased; and ESG, which increased
37% to $11 billion in 2019. We anticipate that new ESG products launched by UBS, DWS, State Street and
BlackRock will create further growth in this category.

Next, I would like to provide additional information around our outlook for 2020. Let me start with our
issuance outlook. The correlation between GDP and issuance has been upended by the surge in liquidity-
driven issuance after central banks initiated bond purchase programs to support market liquidity. This
windfall in issuance has resulted in our expectation for a 5% increase in global issuance, excluding
international public finance, versus a decline of 10% in our previous forecast.

The fastest-growing area is nonfinancial corporates, which we expect to increase 20%. The weakest area
is structured finance, which we expect to contract 30%.

Early this month, our economists updated their global GDP forecast due to a deeper downturn than initially
anticipated in emerging markets, notably in India. The forecast now calls for 3.8% contraction to global
GDP in 2020.

The effects of extended lockdowns, unemployment and consumer confidence also means that recovery will
take longer than previously expected into 2021 to 2023, with a permanent loss in output. We continue to
maintain a close watch on the macroeconomic and other factors that impact our business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

We're in unprecedented times, and there's a great deal of uncertainty in our ability to predict how
geopolitical and macroeconomic forces might react and behave in times with very little historic precedent.
We continue to monitor the developments in global political and economic scenarios and hope to gain
better visibility and clarity into their impact on the global business climate and our company as we get
further into the year.

I'll now turn the call over to Ewout Steenbergen, who's going to provide additional insights into our
financial performance and outlook. Ewout?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Doug, and good morning to all of you on the call. Let me start with our second quarter
financial results. Doug covered the highlights of strong revenue and adjusted earnings per share growth. I
will take a moment to cover a few other items.

While some of the segments have a difference between reported and organic revenue growth, in
aggregate, they are the same at 14%. Adjusted total expenses declined 3%. This is the result of our
productivity programs, but also due to the management actions we have taken in response to COVID-19.
These included a hiring freeze, reductions in T&E, lower advertising and promotions and reduced use of
outside professional services. However, the increase in spending in growth initiatives continued.

Adjusted operating profit margin improved 740 basis points based on strong revenue growth and lower
expenses. The adjusted effective tax rate improved to 21.7% due primarily to the successful resolution of
tax examinations in various jurisdictions.

During the quarter, changes in foreign exchange rates had a positive impact on adjusted EPS of $0.02. The
only meaningful impact was in Ratings, where revenue was negatively impacted by $7 million.

The non-GAAP adjustments this quarter collectively generated a pretax loss of $39 million. They included
$6 million in restructuring charges in Corporate and a U.K. pension adjustment, $1 million in gains from
the disposition of an IR web hosting business in Market Intelligence, $2 million for Kensho retention-
related expenses and $32 million in deal-related amortization.

This quarter, all 4 divisions delivered increased revenue and adjusted operating profit, with Ratings
delivering tremendous gains. On a trailing 4-quarter basis, adjusted operating profit margin increased for
all divisions, except Market Intelligence, where a large portion of our investment spending is taking place.
I'll provide color on the individual business results in a moment.

Now turning to the balance sheet. Our balance sheet has low leverage and ample liquidity. We have cash
and cash equivalents of $2.7 billion, debt of $4 billion, an undrawn revolver capacity of $1.2 billion and no
commercial paper outstanding.

Our debt ratios declined slightly versus the end of last year. In light of the attractive new issue rates, we
may undertake an opportunistic refinancing of a portion of our bond debt during the third quarter, subject
to market conditions and Board approval.

Free cash flow, excluding certain items, reached $1.5 billion in the first half of this year, an increase of
$551 million over the prior year period. No new share repurchases were made in the second quarter while
our existing ASR program was in place. On July 27, this ASR program was completed.

The average price of shares purchased under this program was approximately $292 per share. While
we are not resuming share repurchases at this time, our Board of Directors may consider a potential
resumption of our share repurchase program later in the year.

Including the ASR that was just completed, share repurchases totaled $1.15 billion in the first half of
2020. In addition, $323 million of dividends have been paid so far this year. This activity, along with
anticipated dividends in the second half of the year, amount to approximately 66% of our anticipated free
cash flow for the year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Now let's turn to the division results. Ratings revenue increased 26%. And excluding the acquisition of the
ESG Ratings business from RobecoSAM and CRISIL's acquisition of Greenwich Associates, organic revenue
increased 25%. This revenue growth was driven by the increase in issuance Doug already discussed.

Adjusted expenses declined 5%. Excluding changes in foreign exchange rates, expenses declined 2%
due primarily to management actions and the in-sourcing of IT resources that we discussed on our fourth
quarter earnings call. This resulted in a 47% increase in adjusted segment operating profit and a 1,020
basis point increase in adjusted segment operating profit margin. On a trailing 4-quarter basis, adjusted
segment operating profit margin increased 660 basis points to 63.1%.

Nontransaction revenue increased 1%. Transaction revenue increased 48% due to very strong bond
investment-grade issuance globally and high-yield issuance in the U.S. partially offset by weakness in
structured finance and decreased bank loan rating activity.

This slide depicts Ratings revenue by its end markets. The largest contributor to the increase in Ratings
revenue was the 38% increase in corporates. In addition, financial services revenue increased 24%,
structured finance decreased 21%, government increased 24% and the CRISIL and other category
increased 8%.

On the right side of the slide, you can see the changes in revenue within structured products. The largest
decreases were in ABS and CMBS.

Turning to S&P Dow Jones Indices. This segment delivered 2% revenue growth due primarily to gains in
exchange-traded derivatives. Excluding a nonrecurring benefit of approximately $11 million in the second
quarter of 2019, primarily from contract renegotiations, revenue would have increased 7%.

In the second quarter, we reported a 5% improvement in adjusted expenses due primarily to management
actions; 5% adjusted segment operating profit growth; and an adjusted segment operating profit margin
of 71.9%, an increase of 210 basis points. On a trailing 4-quarter basis, the adjusted segment operating
profit margin increased 150 basis points to 70.2%.

Revenue growth was led by exchange-traded derivatives during the quarter. Asset-linked fees decreased
4% due primarily to a nonrecurring benefit of approximately $11 million in the second quarter of 2019.
Exchange-traded derivative revenue increased 20% on growth in trading volumes. Data and custom
subscriptions increased 6% due to an increase in end-of-day and real-time ACV.

For our Indices division, over the past year, ETF net inflows were $102 billion and market declines were
$7 billion. This resulted in quarter-ending ETF AUM of $1.6 trillion, which is 6% higher compared to 1 year
ago.

I want to make a clear distinction between average AUM and quarter-ending AUM. Our revenue is based
on average AUM, which increased 2% year-over-year. We disclose quarter-ending figures because flows
and market gains and losses are best depicted using quarter-end figures, as shown in the waterfall chart
on the right.

Sequentially, versus the first quarter of 2020, ETF net inflows associated with our Indices totaled $17
billion while market appreciation totaled $254 billion. Industry inflows into exchange-traded funds were
$195 billion in the second quarter. The category with the largest gains was fixed income. Flows into U.S.
equity funds were $59 billion.

I also want to point out that AUM in funds tracking our flagship S&P Kensho New Economies Composite
Index have passed $1 billion, increasing ninefold year-to-date.

Activity at the CBOE declined in the second quarter, with S&P 500 Index options activity declining 9% and
fixed futures and options activity declining 35%. This was in contrast to increased activity at the CME,
where the equity complex volume increased 60%. The majority of the gain at the CME was due to the
successful launch of the Micro E-mini S&P 500 futures. Excluding this product, the volumes at the CME
equity complex increased 16%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Market Intelligence delivered reported revenue growth of 6% and organic growth of 5%. The COVID-19
pandemic has lengthened sales cycles while driving record usage, particularly in the Market Intelligence
Desktop, Panjiva, 451 Research and LCD. Adjusted expenses increased 3%, due primarily to acquisitions,
increased headcount in the second half of 2019 and investment spending, partially offset by management
actions. Much of the investment spending is on projects that are becoming more visible to you, including
the launch of Data Marketplace last quarter and RiskGauge for the SME space this quarter.

Adjusted segment operating profit increased 13%, and the adjusted segment operating profit margin
increased 220 basis points to 34.4%. On a trailing 4-quarter basis, adjusted segment operating profit
margin declined 100 basis points to 32.4%.

Looking across the Market Intelligence components, Desktop revenue grew 4%, excluding acquisitions
and divestments, while active Desktop users grew 7%. Data Management Solutions revenue grew 5%,
and Credit Risk Solutions revenue grew 8%. We continue to expect revenue for both of these categories to
grow high single digit this year.

And now turning to Platts. Reported revenue increased 2%. And on an organic basis, adjusting for the sale
of RigData, revenue increased 3%, with core subscriptions and global trading services both growing 4%.

The impact from the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a $3 million decline to almost $0 in conference
revenue this quarter. You have probably never heard us discuss the conference business because it has
annual revenue of only about $10 million. However, because of COVID-19, the business largely evaporated
during the quarter. Steps are being taken to shift some of the business to virtual conferences.

The recession has also reduced oil prices, putting enormous cost pressure on many of our customers. This
has resulted in bankruptcy filings by 45 U.S. exploration and production and oil service firms year-to-date.
Many of them are our customers, but a small part of our revenue. This will impact us in the future.

Adjusted expenses decreased 7% due to the divestiture of RigData and management actions. Adjusted
segment operating profit margin increased 400 basis points to 58.3%. The trailing 4-quarter adjusted
segment operating profit margin increased 240 basis points to 54.2%.

Last quarter, Doug shared with you some initial success we had with Kensho and our Market-on-Close
process. Kensho has enabled Platts to accelerate the assessment process and improve efficiencies for
Platts' pricing reporters while adding significant time savings and analytical value for our customers.

10 markets with a total of 35 assessments are now Kensho-powered. This has reduced the time between
the market close and publishing by an average of 70%, which has already produced internal productivity
gains for our editorial team.

Our efforts to discover the commercial value of faster assessments, and develop the analytics offering in
collaboration with our customers, are ongoing. Growth in each of the categories was 3% to 4% during the
quarter.

And now I'm pleased to share that the $100 million productivity program that we announced at our
Investor Day in May of 2018 has been achieved. In fact, we exceeded the original target and delivered
$120 million in productivity savings.

Some of the key areas of improvement were in standardizing and centralizing processes, utilizing RPA
to automate routine activities, reducing our real estate footprint and consolidating data centers. That
being said, given what we have experienced through the COVID-19 period with virtual work and digital
acceleration, we know there will be a change to how and where we work.

In our prior guidance, we had assumed that 15% of our discretionary savings from the impact of
COVID-19 would be permanent in nature. As we more holistically analyze all the potential opportunities
that have been illuminated over the past several months, we're framing a new productivity program of at
least $100 million that we'll introduce later this year.

COVID-19 had a meaningful impact on our business. On this slide, we attempt to disclose the impact on
revenue and expenses in each segment compared to our first quarter baseline scenario guidance.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

As we have mentioned earlier in the call, there was a surge of liquidity-driven issuance that increased
Ratings revenue during the second quarter by $170 million to $190 million. There was a modest
improvement in our Indices business as ETF AUM levels improved quicker than anticipated.

The impact on revenue in our other businesses was in line with previous guidance. However, I want to
remind you that in our subscription businesses, any customer bankruptcies or cancellations that occur this
year generally will not have a full impact on our revenue until 2021.

From an expense impact, the management actions taken reduced expenses by an additional $10 million
in the second quarter, above our previous guidance. Collectively, there was about $0.60 EPS benefit from
these items in the second quarter. If we then combine this with an improved outlook for the second half of
this year of about $0.20, we're increasing our 2020 adjusted diluted EPS guidance by $0.80 per share.

Last quarter, we introduced 3 scenarios with different time frames for when the economy will begin to
recover. The baseline scenario was based on a late third quarter recovery. This scenario remains our
baseline and has been updated with our latest forecasts.

In addition, we have updated the late fourth quarter recovery scenario. We feel these as the key metrics,
which will impact revenue in various parts of our company and are derived from various forecasts from
our economic, credit, oil and other market specialists across S&P Global. Many of the inputs for these
scenarios can be found on our divisional research and analytical platforms and are sourced accordingly.

In addition, there are 2 items that we are providing at this time to give additional color for these
scenarios. The first is global issuance growth. In the baseline, the 5% increase in global issuance relates
to market issuance, excluding international public finance. Under this scenario, billed investment-grade
issuance growth is forecast to increase double digits while high yield is expected to be up in the high
single-digit range.

The second is exchange-traded derivative volume growth. The baseline of approximately 20% assumes
elevated levels in the first half of this year, followed by low single-digit increases in the second half.

While we are not predicting when the pandemic will end, we're using the late third quarter recovery
scenario as our baseline and the basis for our new guidance. We think that it is important for our investors
that we make a good-faith attempt to provide appropriately framed forward-looking information.

Despite our resilience and financial strength, we are not immune to structural risks arising from
COVID-19. These include risks to the macroeconomic environment, to bonds and credit markets, to equity
markets and to oil markets.

You could see a drop in bond issuance, weakness in new sales or subscription renewals or further drops in
AUM amongst the many risks that could arise. We're staying close to the trends. The longer the pandemic
continues, the greater the risks.

This slide depicts the scenarios with the typical guidance line items we normally disclose. The baseline
column is our new 2020 GAAP guidance. And this slide depicts our adjusted figures. The third column is
our new 2020 adjusted guidance based on the revised late third quarter recovery scenario.

Now let me review our new adjusted guidance. We increased our revenue guidance to a mid- to high
single-digit increase. Corporate unallocated expense has been increased by $20 million to a range of $135
million to $145 million due to increased incentive compensation accruals and the contribution to the S&P
Global Foundation.

Operating profit margin is increased to a range of 51.5% to 52.5%. Interest expense net includes both
interest income and interest expense. It has been reduced by $5 million due to our cross-currency swap
derivatives, partially offset by lower interest income received on our cash balances.

The tax rate has been reduced due to the impact from equity compensation. These items result in a new
adjusted diluted EPS guidance range of $10.75 to $10.95. Our expectations for free cash flow are a range
of $2.7 billion to $2.8 billion.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

In conclusion, I'm very proud of the outstanding performance and execution that our team has delivered
during this exceptional quarter. The financial results that we have delivered year-to-date demonstrate the
resiliency of our businesses and the commitment of our leadership to control expenses and to apply the
highest professional standards in managing the company through this period.

While we continue to navigate through uncertainty, we remain committed to provide transparency for our
investors, to deliver essential intelligence for our customers and to support sustainable development in our
communities. And with that, let me turn the call back over to Chip for your questions.

Robert S. Merritt
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Just a couple of instructions for our phone participants. [Operator Instructions]
Operator, we will now take our first question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

The first question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Congratulations on the quarter. I wanted to ask about the Ratings margins. They're incredibly strong in the
quarter. Does this make you rethink the high 50s over the medium term that you've mentioned previously,
just given the operating leverage that seems to exist in the business? And just if you could give us some
color around the sustainability of the margins going forward.

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Toni, and thank you for your recognition of our results. Indeed, we are, of course, pleased to see the
margins for Ratings going up so much now on a trailing 4-quarter basis at 63% level. We have decided not
at this moment to make any changes with respect to our aspirational margin targets because we think this
is not the right time to do that, given the external environment. And by the way, that's applicable for all of
our divisions.

What you should expect for Ratings is that margin should be somewhere around that 60% level for the full
year. That's the best expectation. What we will do is we're going to work on this new productivity program,
where we will provide you more details later this year.

And most likely, we could attach new aspirational margin targets to that same moment and introduce that
to you and the other analysts and investors. So not at this moment, but around that 60% level is the best
expectation for Ratings margins for this year.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's great. And the Reimagine workplace program that you mentioned in the early comments, is that
program expected to result in cost savings? Is it related to that productivity program? Or is it different,
and maybe it's just a reallocation of expenses? So I just wanted to get a little bit more color on what that
means and if it's part of that program as well.

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, yes. Absolutely. And let me first explain a bit more what is Reimagine because that is an aspirational
program to define the future of our operating model, so the way how we are going to work, how we are
going to interact, make decisions, how we are going to accelerate our digital transformation, where we can
find talents around the globe and, of course, that will also lead to a reduction in physical footprint. That
will lead, as a consequence, to some expense savings is the expectation. And we are going to roll that up
in our new productivity program.

So if you think about our new productivity program, the key elements of that will be a reduction in
real estate, given that most likely we will be more in a mix of virtual work and working at the office; a
reduction in travel, there will be probably a more permanent element to our travel reduction -- reduction
in travel expenses; some further cleanup of some older technology infrastructure; and also, we will go
after some of our procurement spend in the company. So those are the key elements.

So you're right that some of the outcomes from project Reimagine will be an input for the new productivity
program.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Our next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

My first question was just around Platts. In your assumptions, you have a $10 to $40 oil price range. And
just in that context, I just wanted to know what the current environment look like. And just some more
color on whether you think this could be a little bit worse than what we saw in '15, '16 because that's a big
range. Just curious on how we should think about the impact there.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Manav, this is Doug. I'm actually pleased that you asked the question because we're looking right now at a
price of oil in the range of $35 to $40. It might be a little bit above that right now. You've seen in the last
few days that oil is in the $40 range.

Clearly, there have been a lot of impacts on the -- in the industry overall from the dip -- the major dip that
it took earlier this year. There have been bankruptcy filings by 45 U.S. E&P companies to date so far this
year. We see also, on the other hand, there are some people that are starting to enter the market to pick
up that capacity. So we're seeing more M&A and distressed activity taking place in the business.

What we have seen, as we mentioned last quarter, is that the sales cycle has lengthened. We -- at the
very beginning, we obviously had a hard time being able to reach our customers, and everybody is
working at home, both from our side and the customer side.

But there has -- in the meantime, though, we've seen incredible engagement across all of our businesses,
and especially Platts. We were able to put all of our regular seminars, the different organizations that we
meet with, we will put all this online. The amount of people and the number of engagements we're having
has increased dramatically, in some cases, up over 200%, 300% of people attending our webinars and
going to our website traffic.

So we see a lot of engagement to customers. But we do expect it's a very difficult, volatile environment,
even though we do feel that the price of oil settling in the $40 range is going to be beneficial.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Got it. And you guys identified a lot of great new innovation. Maybe just to pick on one, the RiskGauge
product, the whole SME space, private company space.

I mean it sounds like it's something that every company out there talks about and wants to get in. And I
was hoping you could just help filter out maybe a little bit what target markets are you going after. Like
what does that landscape or competitive set look like because it feels like everyone has some solution like
this coming up?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. So the RiskGauge is something that we had identified a couple of years ago meeting with our
customers. We heard this need for better, faster independent information about suppliers, about
the supply chain. It's also credit. It's limits, it's credit, et cetera, the things that I talked about with
RiskGauge.

And so we've designed RiskGauge so it's a consistent approach, with a consistent model that's used
globally. As you saw now, it's over 50 million companies with data that comes from multiple sources
around the globe but then it's applied in a way that's consistent. And we're able to deliver this now with
these 50 million companies into a company's workflow, whether it's a bank or it's a large global buyer of
different parts and services, et cetera.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

So we see this as an area where companies need more faster, consistent data so that they can make
decisions about their supply chain. And it's a space that we were very pleased that we could get into
quickly. We've got multiple sources of data. We have great partners that we've been building this with.
And then we can build it off of the back of our technology for our delivery as well as credit models that are
time tested. So we're very pleased that we're getting into this space, and you should see more to come.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Going to the Ratings business, of course, here, you did a good job addressing the pull-forward question
that people always ask, some of the data on the maturities still going up, debt outstanding going up.
Obviously, all suggest that the algorithm growth for issuance is alive. But at the same time, I think you
also said a lot of the debt raised here was liquidity reasons. So I think companies are generally flushed
with cash.

So is there anything that you can point to that gives us a better confidence level that algorithm is alive
and that is not going to be maybe a lower level of issuance in the last -- next couple of years just because
companies are so flushed, and they don't really need to refi some of the maturities that are coming up?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Alex, this is Doug. Let me take that one. So first of all, when we look at the issuance, as you can see,
we've put a lot of analytics in this time. And clearly, there was a rush to the market for liquidity. There was
no company that wasn't looking out to have a strong liquidity position as we entered what people were
fearing was going to be a major recession.

And so we saw that rush to get cash. And some companies, obviously, are spending that cash. They're
going to continue to need to fill their coffers with new cash because they're spending it. There's also many
who are out in the markets right now. They're looking at what they're going to do with the cash later on as
the pandemic starts to resolve itself. We'll see if companies are going to use that additional cash to either
do M&A deals, if they're going to use it to invest in their operations, are they going to use it to repay debt?

We don't quite know yet exactly where that's going to -- where companies will come out of this because
there is going to be some excess liquidity. You saw in the charts that we provided today that there were
300 -- typically about 300 issuers in a quarter. And this quarter, there were 500 issuers that went to the
market, showing that companies were going to the market to raise liquidity.

Now clearly, this is -- because this is our core business, we're watching this very carefully. We're staying in
touch with issuers, with investors, with investment banks to see what kind of a pipeline we think is going
to be coming forward.

But even so, given the -- that we are in a very unusual environment with very low interest rates, with
the potential recession that could go on longer than originally expected, we think that it's hard to actually
predict what the behavior is going to be of companies. And we do see, though, still, over the next couple
of years, one of the other slides we showed you, a very potential healthy pipeline of issuance, which will
be based off of maturities of debt schedule that are coming up. And all the new debt that was just recently
issued is going to go into that maturity schedule as well.

So if you look at this quarter-by-quarter, we expect there's always going to be volatility. If you look at it
over the long run, we see a healthy potential pipeline of all the maturities coming forward.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Okay. Helpful. And then just shifting gears quickly. You mentioned a couple of times now that in
some of the other businesses, Market Intelligence and Platts, sales cycles are getting delayed, there's
bankruptcies, and that we should be careful as we think about our model as this may have a delayed
reaction. Any -- in terms of the numbers coming through. So any early looks, maybe, as you think about
the base in 2021, as what that impact -- or negative impact may be as it stands today because of some of
those sales cycles and bankruptcies?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Alex, this is Ewout. Let me take that question. It's very hard to give you a precise indication of this. Where
we are in our subscription businesses, Platts and Market Intelligence, is what we're seeing from a sales --
an impact on the book of business actually slightly better than the guidance we provided to you a quarter
ago. So that's encouraging to see, that the impact is less severe than we expected, although still worse
than what we thought at the beginning of the year.

What is happening in the subscription business is that the full effect you see the following year because
then you see 12 months of impact on your subscription revenue in the following year. So it will have some
muted effect but, overall, slightly better than what we thought one quarter ago.

Operator

Our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

Yes. My first question, Doug, maybe you could just talk on the second half of the year what your thoughts
are on high-yield issuance versus bank loans, which is sort of outlook there to maybe just take the U.S. I'll
start there, please.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. The outlook for the rest of the year for high-yield issuance, I think of it in 2 different segments. One
segment is the recently downgraded companies that had been BBB and are now BB companies. And we
see a lot of potential robust issuance there.

The Fed is continuing to support that area. We have to see if those companies still need the cash, if they're
going to be going to the market. But that was an area that, as you know, in the second quarter, was a
quite robust part of the issuance.

There's another part of high yield, which would be the deeper risk credits, which are those that are in the
deeper level, the Bs, the CCC companies. We expect that there's going to be a decline in the second half
of those areas. And bank loan ratings have also -- we're expecting that there's going to be a decline in the
second half of the year as well.

The pipeline is not that strong. Even though interest rates are low, spreads continue to be high. Recently,
the spreads for the B were over 700 basis points. CCC were over 1,000 basis points. Typically, the --
recently, rates have been more in the 400 level instead of 700 and 800 versus 1,000.

So rates are still -- spreads are still high. So we're expecting a decrease in issuance overall, with the one
question mark being about the BB sector itself that has seen a lot of robust issuance recently.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

And my second question, Doug, maybe just investment-grade outlook for the second half of the year after
the robust second quarter, please? Are you expecting a material dip at any juncture like the third quarter,
for example?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Not necessarily the third quarter itself, but we're expecting that the issuance of investment grade will not
be as robust as it was during the first half of the year.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

But like still up for the second half, if you don't mind me asking? Or what is your preliminary thought on
that?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. Well, the total amount in our forecast is up about 5% for the year. And what -- we look at the total
investment grade for the entire year. We -- if you look at the entire year, we are up. It's going to be up
about 20%. But when you parse that out to look at what was in the first half versus the second half, that
ends up being at up a few percent, maybe 5% in the second half of the year. But it's flat to up 5% is what
the expectations are.

Operator

Next question is from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Wanted to shift gears a bit. We've got a fairly big election coming up in about 3 months or so. It looks
more and more likely that we might have a regime change down in Washington, not only in the White
House, but potentially in Congress as well. Are you hearing anything that could impact your business? And
I'm specifically focused on potential movement against issuer pay on the Ratings side.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Sorry, I was just speaking with mic on mute. So first of all, we're watching, obviously, the election very
closely to see what we could -- what could change in Washington. And we stay very close to what are
some of the topics which are discussed in the policy areas.

We don't expect that there is going to be a robust discussion about issuer pay model or about the Ratings
business. There's already been a lot of work that's been happening around that the last few years.

And so if it is, we expect that it would be something that would take a while. It would have to go through
the SEC. It'd have to go through Congress. We're members -- or we are active in our relationship with
regulators or policymakers, with others, and we would expect that we could be part of that dialogue.

Finally, what I'd say is that if you look at the performance of our Ratings business, and I don't mean from
the point of view of financial performance, I mean Ratings performance themselves, the way Ratings
have performed, we have made a fantastic amount of investment over the last 10 years in the Ratings
methodology, in our -- how we see this playing out. And we're seeing very high-quality performance right
now.

And we're hoping that the markets also recognize the quality of our Ratings performance during this
period and that, that doesn't end up leading to a lot of noise. Anyway, we watch very carefully what could
happen in Washington. But so far, nothing that we are very concerned about or doing a lot of specific work
on.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Okay. Great. That's good to hear. My follow-up question is regarding capital allocation, specifically on
share repurchase. I think you said that the Board could consider resuming a share repurchase later this
year. I'm not going to ask you to speak for the Board, but what do you think they might be looking for to
determine that decision?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. This is Ewout. Let me take that question. Of course, we cannot anticipate such a decision at this point
in time. And as you said, we cannot really preempt the Board. Clearly, the decision last quarter not to
enter into a new buyback program was purely driven by the external environment because if you look at
our balance sheet, the quality of our assets, our liquidity position, the performance of the company, all of
that, of course, points to a very strong situation.

So none of that is, of course, an argument in such a decision. It's really driven by the external
environment, what we are seeing in the world around us. But I would like to reemphasize that there is no
change with respect to our long-term capital philosophy and targets. So the 75% return target remains in
place. So this is really more a short-term consideration for management and the Board.

Operator

Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

You touched a lot on ESG across your various segments. Could you maybe frame for us just how big ESG
revenue is today? I think you did it on the Analyst Day a while back. Just curious how big that is, what the
growth rate there is. How do you just think about that gaining critical mass over time?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Hamzah, in the second quarter, approximately $15 million of revenue for ESG across the whole company.
That corresponds with about 25% growth year-over-year. We're still committed to a 40% CAGR in the
mid- and longer term. The reason why we are not there yet is that we are introducing several new ESG
products, as we also mentioned during the prepared remarks.

Think about the new ESG data and scores product for Market Intelligence. Think about the collaboration
we have with several managers, like State Street, BlackRock, UBS, DWS with respect to ESG ETFs. So
all of that is under development and, therefore, expect that the growth will go up in the future. But $15
million revenue for ESG was booked in the second quarter.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Got it. My follow-up question is around U.S. tax reform going away potentially. Could you maybe talk
about implications of that? Clearly, there's a direct implication with tax rate. But historically, with U.S.
tax reform, it had been a headwind for you, and you had specific slides on that previously. And so more
interested in what you think the indirect impact could be on bond issuance. And any thoughts there?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And I appreciate that you're asking this question from a holistic perspective because, indeed, the
impact for the company is more than the direct tax rates. The impact on the overall economy and what
that will do for the company is as important. So we are, of course, monitoring very closely what is
happening in this respect, but it is premature to speculate what will be the outcome.

But what I can say is, ultimately, tax rates should be -- become attractive from a geopolitical competitive
perspective for any country because it should stimulate business activities, create an attractive investment

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

climate, create jobs and, ultimately, ensure a strong economy. And when we have a strong economy, that
is ultimately good for our company. So that is obviously the most important with any tax code and any
changes to a tax code in the future.

Operator

Next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

You mentioned that investment-grade issuance in the second half of the year won't be as robust as the
first half. I think you mentioned up flat to 5%. Could you talk about whether that reflects diminishing
marginal benefits from the Fed credit facilities that are supporting elevated investment-grade issuance? Or
are you simply seeing reduced demand for liquidity prefunding by corporates?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. It's interesting you asked about the Fed liquidity program because when you look at the Fed liquidity
program, this was a fantastic way that the Fed was -- and the government was able to show their support
for the economy at a time when there was so much uncertainty.

And in the corporate bond, primary markets and secondary markets facilities, it's $750 billion of potential
authority that they have. They've only actually used $12 billion of that authority as of last week. I'm not
sure if they've done any more this week.

And so it's interesting the way that, that provided so much backstop in support to the economy, just
having the number out there and knowing the Fed could use this. What's been much more important
for the Fed has been their -- the Paycheck Protection Program that's used -- that's been -- the lending
facilities that are out there, and they can be forgiven.

So the actual bond market itself has been supported by the promise of the Fed, but the Fed has not been
that active in direct bond purchases. We do think that having that firepower of up to $750 billion is very
valuable for the market. The Fed has used it to purchase a little bit of ABS, a little bit of money markets
and a little bit of the funding markets. And they've been involved with other global player -- global central
banks to support the dollar with swap facilities and things like that.

Anyway, to your question then, we think that the investment-grade issuance is going to be driven more
so by the needs of companies than what's going to happen in the market. And one of the things -- what's
going to happen with the Fed, what I think will be interesting to see, though, is the evolution of rates. If
they stay as low as they are, and if spread stays as low they are, that will be one of the other factors that
might induce some companies to go back to the market to raise more debt.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's very helpful. And then as a follow-up, can you provide details on what segment revenue
growth expectations are embedded in your updated full year 2020 guidance?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, of course. If you look at the guidance we provided and you compare it with the guidance from
1 quarter ago, we are seeing improvements in the revenue outlook in all of our 4 divisions. We have
indicated on the one page in our slide deck, Page 43, that for the second quarter, there was an
improvement for Ratings in quite a meaningful way, but also in the Index business based on the higher
assets under management levels.

But no impact for Market Intelligence and Platts, and that's more a bit due to the delayed effect that you
see impacts in those subscription businesses. But we expect, for the next 2 quarters, also compared to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

our last guidance, also for Market Intelligence and Platts, so an improvement in revenue outlook for all 4
divisions.

There is, of course, an offset because a part of the expense saves are related to performance correlation.
So think about incentive compensation, variable compensation, commissions. So if revenue is higher, sales
are higher, then, of course, the expense saves on that element are going to be lower, but that's for a good
reason. The discretionary expense savings based on management's specific decisions and actions, we
actually expect to outperform the guidance we provided to you last quarter.

Operator

Next question comes from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.

Trevor Romeo
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

This is actually Trevor Romeo on for Andrew. First one, just on Market Intelligence. Now we have a
full quarter of the COVID impact behind us, just wondering if you could update us on the competitive
environment there. Have you seen any evidence of customers consolidating vendors or switching to more
expensive data providers since the beginning of the pandemic? Or any other competitive changes that
you'd mentioned?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

We haven't seen anything -- by the way, welcome, Trevor. We haven't seen any major trends of customer
consolidation or any kind of move across to move to new customers. Clearly -- I mean, to move to new
service providers. Clearly, it's a very competitive market but the COVID impact hasn't really had any
impact on that.

What we have seen though is that in our own case, we're seeing a very high level of engagement with our
customers. We were able to move quickly, almost immediately, to our own ability to work from home. And
then the way we work with our Desktop as well as the ability to push out enhancements, new products,
new services, things like you've heard us talk about Marketplace, all of these have allowed us to continue
to engage with our customers at a higher level than in the past.

So competitive-wise, we think that we are being -- we're very competitive that we were able to get into
our customers to allow them to work from home very quickly. But when it comes to competitive factors,
clearly, there's people out looking, but we haven't seen any major sort of consolidation. We do see a tough
competitive environment.

We also see customers themselves have some suffering and struggling with their own businesses and
potentially asking for changes to their contracts or the sales cycle has slowed down. So some of those
impacts we've talked about in the past, we continue to see, but we haven't heard this theme about
customers consolidating.

Trevor Romeo
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then one quick one on margins, maybe. I think you've talked in the
past about gradually kind of shifting employees to lower-cost regions over time as a driver of margin
improvement. Just wondering if you think the pandemic, and this exclusively virtual working environment
we have, gives you the confidence or the ability to accelerate that trend going forward. I don't think I
heard that mentioned as part of what could go into the new productivity program, so I was just curious to
think if you still have room to continue that effort.

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Yes. That's a great point. Although I would like to say that our talent strategy is, first and foremost, based
on trying to find the best staff, the best colleagues in different locations around the world. That is the
main purpose. And of course, in a more virtual environment, that is opening up the room of possibilities
because of the less need to be physically together, at least all the time, going forward.

So could that mean to finding more colleagues in the future at lower-cost locations? Yes, possibly. That
might be the case. And having less job in higher-cost locations? Yes, that could definitely be possible. But
again, I think we start not with our talent strategy from a cost perspective. We start with what are the
skills and capabilities and background that we need to build this company out in the future and to be as
successful as possible.

Operator

Next question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

And congrats on a strong quarter. Can you please provide a bit more color and the assumption on the
$0.20 improved second half outlook on Slide 43? Is it mainly driven by better issuance outlook? Or is there
any other expense assumptions you want to call out?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It's a combination of all of that. And let me try to explain this in the following way. First, because we
need to be very clear about what is the reference. The reference is the guidance that we provided last
quarter. If we take that into account, so the late third quarter recovery baseline scenario that we provided
to you last quarter, then we are looking at revenues that come in at a higher level than we expected at
that time, again, Ratings, for obvious reasons; Market Intelligence and Platts, as I explained, because of
the lower impact on the book of business than we anticipated before; and also the Index business looks a
bit better.

Then if you look on expenses, and we provided to you $180 million of expense savings last time, in fact,
there are 2 underlying components. We have the performance-related expenses, so those are the ones
that are correlated with sales and revenues. Think about incentive compensation, commissions, sales-
based royalties, obviously, the savings there are lower because we have higher revenues.

But then we have the second part of the expense save. These are the discretionary expense saves with
respect to hiring, travel, consultants and so on. And there, we expect to outperform.

So if you put that all together, net-net, we expect to be better by $0.20 in terms of outlook for the
second half of the year, but we are overcoming in that $0.20, in fact, lower expense savings on those
performance-related elements, like variable compensation and commission. So in fact, it's a net number.
The growth number in terms of outperformance is a bit higher. I hope that clarifies it.

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Yes. Yes, I think it's very helpful. And then could you please give us an update on China? There are still
lots of geopolitical tensions, as you mentioned. But during the quarter, I think one of your competitors,
and at least 2 other financial institutions, got the approval to operate a fully owned business in China. It
would be great if you can provide your updated view on that.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Owen, this is Doug. Yes. First of all, as you've heard from us all along, we're very pleased with our
progress in China. And despite COVID and having to have our people work from home, we continue to
engage very well with the market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

As you know, we've reported 3 more ratings that we published since the last time we reported. We have
a great team on the ground. We've been building a market share of -- a voice of market. We have a lot of
people that are attending our webinars, et cetera.

But what's really important is that the overall market continues to develop. We've remained engaged with
the regulators, with issuers, with investors. Having one of our other competitors in the market, we think,
is going to help develop the market for the type of research and analysis that foreign rating agency in
China on the ground are going to be doing. The rating agency, which also received a license, it's a more
limited license than ours, but we welcome having another rating agency that's going to be using global-
oriented criteria to the market.

And so we continue to be committed to China. We think, in the long run, it is a very large bond market.
We're also pleased and encouraged by the discussion that we continue to have with the Chinese regulators
about reform of the financial markets overall.

So China is still there. It's really important for us. We're pleased that we're there, and we're the first one
on the ground. And we're also pleased that the competition is starting to open up.

Operator

The next question comes from Judah Sokel with JPMorgan.

Judah Efram Sokel
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I wanted to ask a question on Market Intelligence. You guys mentioned that the COVID-19 pandemic
lengthened the sales cycle but also drove record usage. And so we talked about the sales cycle earlier in
the Q&A. But in terms of that record usage, I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on to what
do you owe that record usage, and perhaps whether it can and how long that might last. And perhaps
round out the color with just how your contracts are structured in Market Intelligence so that you can best
monetize, if we are looking at maybe more of a secular greater usage of those platforms?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, of course, Judah, and welcome to the call. If you look at usage, let me give you an example, the data
feeds business. So the clients' interest in the data feeds business is at an all-time high. And we measure
that, for example, with respect to downloads of data feeds at this moment. So that is a great example of
where we see usage being very high.

We measure usage on our Desktop products, and we see the usage numbers being also at a very high
level. So clearly, at this time, we see usage across the board in Market Intelligence being very high. That
is not immediately translating in commercial benefit because the sales process has been lengthened.
Those discussions take a longer period of time for obvious reasons.

But the way how we look at it is this is very positive because if we can contribute and help our customers
in this period of time, and we can prove even more the benefits of our products, ultimately, there were
only going to be good things that come out of that. So overall, we're very pleased with what we see from
an overall interaction with our customers and usage perspective in Market Intelligence.

Judah Efram Sokel
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Understood. Just one other question. When it comes to Ratings, obviously, we're all hoping that we don't
see a major second wave, and this is not an elongated recession. But if we did go into a longer period of
economic challenge, and we saw more defaults and bankruptcies, what would -- can you review with us
what would happen to your revenue base? I'm thinking in terms of restructuring, perhaps new ratings
when companies emerge from bankruptcy and, obviously, there's liquidation scenarios to think through as
well.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. It's an interesting question because whenever there is a downturn, we always have said that one
of the most important drivers of our business is GDP growth. And clearly, the last 4 months have been
completely different. It's not your typical cycle where we've seen GDP slowdown, and we saw this huge
increase in issuance.

But at the same time, when you do see a down cycle, you see that sometimes companies go into
bankruptcy, sometimes there's restructurings. But once a bond is a bond, it doesn't go away, unless it's a
true liquidation. And the bond, it disappears.

When you see companies that get taken over -- right now, we're expecting that there's -- we're seeing
a pipeline of M&A activity in health care and in oil and gas, in particular. Some of the oil and gas M&A
activity is actually distressed M&A activity. And because of that, we expect that once somebody draws
down their revolver or has a bank loan to complete the deal that they're going to go back to the markets
or they're going to actually restructure the debt directly.

So we see that once debt is debt, it continues to stay debt, even if it's shrunk through restructuring. And
it's -- so what we really look at is the number of issuers, the number of issuance, what the banks are
seeing in their pipelines, GDP growth, industry growth, et cetera. And even in a downturn, there's -- many
times, there's a lot of different types of debt instruments.

The final thing I'd say related to structured finance, structured finance, although you've seen it very, very
low in the last 4 months, the structured finance activity has been down, overall, 42% globally in the last
quarter. And in the U.S., it was down 56%. In fact, there were some asset class in Europe, there was
not even one issuance of a CMBS transaction. So that's where we've seen the activity of a very weak
structured finance cycle.

But we think, after a while, financial institutions, corporations, et cetera, are going to start wanting
to manage their balance sheet. And we believe that there will be a recovery at some point, again, of
structured finance as well. It's a really critical corporate finance asset management -- asset liability
management tool. So again, even though it's been incredibly weak recently, we do think, eventually,
structured finance also starts recovering again.

Operator

We will now take our final question from Kevin McVeigh with Crédit Suisse.

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I wonder if you can give us a sense of where we are in the Kensho evolution across the enterprise. I
guess, I know there's going to be outsized impact in both the revenue and expense side. But is there a
way to think about where it is in the integration across S&P?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It's a great question, Kevin. And I always want to speak about Kensho with a lot of enthusiasm
because, overall, that has been an acquisition for the company that is working out in a very positive way.
It's really helping as a catalyst for innovation and change within the company.

And what you're hearing every call is that we are giving you a couple of examples of where Kensho is
helping, if it is in the Data Marketplace, if it is with the entity linking, if it is in the Market-on-Close with
Platts, Omnisearch. We have several initiatives going on in the Ratings business. And there are many,
many examples where Kensho is helping the company.

What we have also keeping track of is the overall benefit and contribution of those initiatives. And what
we said at year-end, and we have recently refreshed that, again, is that the overall net present value of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

all those initiatives that are in flight, the net present value of that really justify the overall acquisition price
we paid for Kensho a bit over 2 years ago.

So very positive development. And I'll give you another example at the end, the Kensho Index, the
new economy index, what we mentioned, that exceeded assets by over $1 billion right now. So many
initiatives. And what we really like is all divisions take advantage of having this capability within the
company.

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

That's helpful. And then just one quick follow-up. On the Corporate side, is there any way that you folks
track anything around allocation towards M&A or buyback just as a proxy for the outlook for IG and maybe
some of the other parts of the debt stack as we think about the back half of this year?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Well, those are clearly some of the factors that we look at for understanding what the pipeline is. It's the
ability of our teams to understand what are the needs of different companies in terms of their own capital
allocation models, their M&A models as well as very important for us to stay close to what the financial
institutions, the debt capital markets, desks on banks are seeing and how they believe the evolution is
going to be of debt. And so these are many of the different tools we use to try to forecast what issuance is
going to be.

We also look very closely at interest rates, and interest rates and spreads, not just both of them. And as
we've recently seen some investment-grade companies issuing debt as low as 1.5% for 7- to 10-year
debt, and we haven't seen debt that low for a long time.

Just one other interest rate story. Recently, as you know, mortgage bonds were -- I mean mortgages
were down to the lowest rate they've ever been, well below 3%, some mortgages even below 2%. And so
interest rates, what corporations are doing with their cash, what financial institutions are doing to manage
their balance sheet, what governments and municipalities are doing, how people are looking at their
balance sheets when it comes to understanding the way they might use structured products, et cetera,
those are all the different factors we look at to come up with our forecasts and to also allocate resources
across the Ratings team.

So with that, I want to thank everyone for joining the call today. And first of all, it's been great to see that
the company performed so well this quarter. And I want to thank all of you on the call for supporting the
company, the analysts who are on the call today for publishing your research and your opinions and for
the excellent questions today.

But since our last call, COVID-19 and the risks that it poses to our health and our economies, it still
is dominating the airwaves in corporate and government planning discussions. And there's frontline
health care workers out there. They're battling the coronavirus every day. And I've been watching and
listening with great hope to the epidemiologists, the pharmaceutical companies, public health officials, and
watching how they develop vaccines and treatments that we know will eventually allow our communities
to return to social contact and our office work and travel.

But I want a final -- I want to end the call by thanking again the employees of S&P Global. You've been
dedicated, you've been committed, and you've been persevering during the pandemic. And you've
continued to support each other and the markets. And despite the volatility, the uncertainty and the risk,
you're all doing a fantastic job, and I want to thank you. And thank you again, everyone, for joining the
call today.

Operator
That concludes this morning's call. A PDF version of the presenters' slides is available now for downloading
from investor.spglobal.com. Replays of the entire call will be available in about 2 hours. The webcast with
audio and slides will be maintained on S&P Global's website for 1 year. The audio-only telephone replay

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

will be maintained for 1 month. On behalf of S&P Global, we thank you for participating, and wish you a
good day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

27

