Schlumberger Limited NYSE:SLB
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, July 24, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(0.01)

0.05

NM

(0.02)

0.21

0.17

Revenue  (mm)

5375.09

5356.00

(0.36 %)

5088.07

23144.62

21241.22

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-24-2020 1:13 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.40

0.37

0.24

(0.01)

0.43

0.39

0.25

0.05

7.50 %

5.41 %

4.17 %

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ndubuisi D. Maduemezia
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

Simon Farrant;Vice President
of Investor Relations

Stephane Biguet
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Angeline Marie Sedita
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

William Andrew Herbert
Simmons & Company
International, Research Division

Connor Joseph Lynagh
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

John David Anderson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Schlumberger Earnings conference
call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Simon Farrant.
Please go ahead.

Simon Farrant;Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, good afternoon and good evening. And welcome to the Schlumberger Limited Second
Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Today's call is being hosted from Houston, following a Schlumberger Limited
Board meeting held earlier this week.

Joining us on the call are Olivier Le Peuch, Chief Executive Officer; and Stephane Biguet, Chief Financial
Officer. For today's agenda, Olivier will start the call with his perspective on the quarter and our updated
view of the industry macro, after which Stephane will give more details on our financial results. Then we'll
open up to your questions.

As always, before we begin, I'd like to remind the participants that some of the statements we will be
making today are forward-looking. These matters involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our
results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. I, therefore, refer you to our latest
10-K filing and other SEC filings.

Our comments today may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Additional details and reconciliations
to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in our second quarter press
release, which is on our website.

Now I'll turn the call over to Olivier.

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

Thank you, Simon, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you all for joining us on the call.

Today, in our prepared remarks, I would like first review the company's performance during the second
quarter, then offer commentary on the short-term outlook and, finally, reflect on where we stand in our
performance strategy vision.

As we closed one of the most difficult quarters in our industry, I want first to thank the women, men of
Schlumberger for their resilience, performance and dedication during these unique circumstances and
express my pride, not only in what we have achieved, but also in what we contributed for the health of the
community where we work and live.

Reflecting on the quarter's performance, I would like to comment on 4 key attributes that clearly made
this quarter unique in its achievements: operational performance, margins, cash and liquidity and digital.
First, our operational performance supported our best-ever safety and service quality performance on
record. Indeed, our frequency of safety incidents reduced nearly 50% from a year ago, whilst our service
quality improved nearly 40% year-on-year to reach a new benchmark in integrated performance for
our customers. This is an attribute of our performance vision that is becoming a clear differentiator in
execution and very well acknowledged by our customers.

Second is the strength of our operating margins, with 18% decremental margins despite the most severe
and abrupt activity drop. These margins resulted primarily from the combination of swift action on variable
costs and decision to accelerate the restructure of the company. This new organization structure of 4
divisions, aligned with our customer key workflow and 5 key basins of activity, is significantly leaner and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

more responsive, adapted to the new industry normal and strategically aligned with our performance
vision.

Internationally, the impact of this decisive action also combined with progress on our capital structure
program and continued industry adoption of new technology, particularly reservoir evaluation and digital
solutions. As a consequence, the margin of our international franchise remain remarkably resilient, flat
sequentially, despite the material revenue contraction and the adverse margin impact from the major
disruption in Ecuador.

As outlined in the earnings release, the majority of our GeoMarkets and 3 out of 4 business segments
either expanded or maintained margin internationally, clearly demonstrating the strength of our franchise
and the resilience of our earnings power. In North America, we accelerated the restructuring initiated
last year with emphasis on scale-to-fit and the asset-light business model, with significant permanent
reduction to fixed and infrastructure costs. At this point, we have shut down about 150 of our facilities
and continue to make progress on the technology access franchise. In short, we readied the business for a
market of smaller-scale and lower-growth outlook, but with higher returns.

Third, the cash flow performance was extremely solid during the quarter, building on very strong cash
flow from operations and leveraging the aggressive reduction of our capital spending. In fact, cash flow
was still strong even when excluding working capital and accounting for the significant negative impact of
severance payments during the quarter.

Similarly, the liquidity position of the company significantly improved during Q2, while debt was visibly
lower year-over-year. The attention to liquidity and cash preservation has been a very clear focus for the
entire management team and finance function during the last several months, and I'm quite satisfied to
have navigated this very difficult quarter with such a positive outcome.

Finally, the adoption of digital, both internally and externally, is becoming a major performance of -- factor
of performance and was very impactful during the second quarter, operationally and financially. Internally,
we made significant improvement in the deployment of digital operations, particularly remote operation
and digital inspections as the COVID-19 pandemic restrictions created the catalyst for further adoptions.

Our drilling remote operations expanded over 25% during the quarter to exceed 2/3 of our drilling activity.
We have drilled 1,250 wells in Q2 using our remote operations capability, supported by more than 250
remote operations engineers. In addition, we are now performing over 1,000 digital inspection per
week applied to maintenance, manufacturing or integration applications across more than 40 countries,
leveraging our digital backbone infrastructure. Therefore, during the quarter, digital operation had a
magnifying impact, lowering the cost of service delivery, the size of operating crews and increasing
efficiency across operation life cycle. Hence, contributing to our operating margins.

Externally, we saw greater adoption of our open digital platform for both subsurface and operations
solutions. The diversity and depth of digital solution deployed with our customers, as described in several
examples in our earnings release, reflects the growing maturity of the digital transformation in our
industry and the success of our DELFI platform. We are extremely proud to be associated with ExxonMobil
for the deployment of DrillPlan and DrillOps digital solutions to transform drilling planning and operation,
including automation. We share the same vision for the future of our industry, with ambition to deliver
faster and lower-cost wells through digital technology. As digitalization is accelerating, we are also
seeing continued progress in technology adoption despite the challenging context as fit-for-basin and
performance-focused technology generate significant efficiency gains for our customers.

All in all, this quarter promised to be messy from an activity outlook, and it certainly was. However,
the performance and resilience of our team, our decisive action to preserve cash and margins and the
continued execution of our strategy, including digital, have delivered a very strong outcome, resetting
the company's competitiveness and enabling us to operate with resilient margins in a structurally smaller
market.

Now let me turn to the short-term outlook. Given the uncertainties regarding the pace of economic and
oil demand recovery, the range of activity outcomes for the second half of the year is still wide. However,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

with what we know and see today, we expect the global activity decline to recede into a soft landing in the
coming months, absent further negative impact from COVID-19 on economic recovery or escalating rig
activity disruption.

In the North America market, there is an uptick of DUC completion activity in the U.S., contrasted by
the slow but continued decline on both land and offshore rig activity. The frac rebound is expected to
last until the seasonal decline at year-end, provided commodity pricing remains stable. International
activity outlook appears mixed due to the seasonal effect across the different basins. However, it's still
indicative of slight sequential contraction from -- for drilling activity during Q3, particularly for deepwater
and exploration.

While this -- with this combined North America and international activity outlook, and based on our
position in the respective markets, we anticipate revenue to remain essentially flat sequentially on a global
basis, with a slight positive uptick internationally, offset by flat to low single-digit decline in North America.
In this context, and absent of any new setback due to COVID-19, we expect EBITDA and operating income
to grow and respective margins to expand during Q3 above and beyond the positive impact of impairment
charge. These margins will benefit from the combination of incremental restructuring cost savings during
the second half of the year, tailwind from the recovery of activity in Ecuador and continued execution of
our capital stewardship strategy.

While we continue to navigate the trough of this cycle, we are actually setting an inflection point in
our margin's performance ahead of the recovery and despite the backdrop of a significantly smaller
market size. Cash flow performance in the coming quarter will continue to benefit from the tailwind of
our aggressive capital spend adjustment, focused on working capital efficiency and incremental cash
savings from our restructuring program. Our ambition in the second half remains positive free cash flow
despite anticipated severance payments. Put another way, in a flattening activity outlook for the next 2 or
3 quarters, our ambition is to execute on a path of visible margins recovering and robust free cash flow
generation as we transition into 2021.

We embarked on a new strategy less than 1 year ago, but market conditions created a catalyst to
accelerate the restructuring of the company to align with our performance vision. The early results of
this strategic execution are already visible in our operational performance, our financial results and in
the alignment with the new industry landscape. Our mid- to long-term financial targets remain intact and
clearly focused on returns. I believe that the steps accomplished during the quarter not only solidify our
vision, but also created a clear path to restore margins and returns performance despite a structurally
smaller market.

And now I will hand the call to Stephane, who will discuss Q2 financials and the impact of our cost-out
program in a bit more detail.

Stephane Biguet
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Olivier. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for participating in this conference
call.

Second quarter earnings per share, excluding charges and credits, was $0.05. This represents a decrease
of $0.20 sequentially and $0.30 when compared to the same quarter of last year. During the quarter,
we recorded $3.7 billion of pretax charges. These charges primarily relate to workforce reductions, the
impairment of an APS investment and excess assets. You can find details of the components in the FAQs at
the end of our earnings press release.

Other than the $1 billion of severance, the rest of the charges are largely noncash. The charge relating to
severance covers both the permanent fixed cost reductions we are implementing as part of the company
restructuring as well as the variable headcount reductions we are executing to adjust to reduced level of
activity.

It is important to note that these impairments were all recorded as of the end of June. Therefore, our
second quarter results did not include any benefit from reduced expenses as a result of these charges.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

However, going forward, the impact of the Q2 charges will result in reduced depreciation and amortization
expense of approximately $80 million on a quarterly basis, while lease expense will be reduced by $25
million. Approximately $70 million of this quarterly pretax reduction will be reflected in the production
segment. The remaining $35 million will be reflected amongst the characterization, Drilling and Cameron
segments. The quarterly after-tax impact of these reductions is approximately $0.07 in EPS terms.

I will now summarize the main drivers of our second quarter results. Overall, our second quarter revenue
of $5.4 billion decreased 28% sequentially. Pretax segment operating margins decreased 303 basis points
to 7.4%. The swift actions we have taken to reduce variable costs, combined with the early results of our
restructuring and structural cost-reduction efforts, resulted in decremental margins of less than 20%, both
sequentially and year-over-year.

As a reminder, our restructuring program will permanently remove $1.5 billion of fixed costs, with more
than half relating to our international businesses. For the sake of clarity, let me highlight that these are
true cash savings. We do not take into account the reduction in depreciation and amortization expense as
a result of impairment charges.

We have achieved approximately 40% of this $1.5 billion target in the second quarter. And we aim to
complete the large majority of the remainder before the end of the year. This will provide a strong tailwind
to our margins in the second half of the year and into 2021.

Now looking at our results by business segment. Second quarter Reservoir Characterization revenue
of $1.1 billion, decreased 20% sequentially, while margins increased 357 basis points to 7.6% (sic)
[ 17.6% ]. The revenue decrease was due to customers curtailing discretionary exploration-related
expenditures. However, margins expanded as a result of the implementation of prompt cost reduction
measures and the resilience of our digital businesses. The adoption of new Wireline technology also
contributed to the margin increase.

Drilling revenue of $1.7 billion decreased 24%, while margins fell by 289 basis points to 9.6%. These
decreases were primarily driven by a sharp decline in the North America land rig count and COVID-related
restrictions in Latin America, Africa and Europe.

Production revenue of $1.6 billion decreased 40% sequentially, and margins fell 630 basis points to 1.5%.
These declines were largely a result of a sharp drop in pressure pumping activity in North America land.

Additionally, a production interruption in Ecuador that was caused by a major landslide, resulted in a
revenue reduction this quarter of approximately $100 million in our Asset Performance Solutions or APS
business. This had a significant, albeit temporary impact on our decremental margins. Largely as a result
of this production interruption, partially offset by the effects of the Q2 impairment, we anticipate APS
amortization expense will increase by approximately $40 million next quarter.

Finally, Cameron revenue of $1 billion decreased 19%, while margins decreased by 180 basis points to
7.9%, as international margin expansion partially offset the impact of the severe activity decline in North
America land.

Let me now turn to our liquidity. I was very pleased with our cash flow generation during the second
quarter, given the environment we were operating in. We generated $803 million of cash flow from
operations and $465 million of free cash flow. Both of these amounts are higher than last quarter despite
making $370 million of severance payments during the second quarter. As a result, we ended the quarter
with total cash and investments of $3.6 billion. Our net debt at the end of the quarter was $13.8 billion,
an increase of $479 million compared to last quarter, but down almost $1 billion when compared to the
same time last year.

During the quarter, we spent $251 million on CapEx and invested $61 million in APS projects. Our
total capital spend for 2020, including APS and multiclient, will now be approximately $1.5 billion. This
represents a 45% decrease as compared to 2019, mostly coming from lower CapEx in North America and
reduced investments in APS projects. Our total APS investments for 2020 was revised down to about $300
million.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Despite the second quarter being the most challenging quarter in our modern history, we will still be able
to take steps to further strengthen the balance sheet. We issued EUR 1 billion of 1.375% notes due 2026,
$900 million of 2.65% notes due 2030 and EUR 1 billion of 2% notes due 2032. By issuing these notes at
attractive rates, we were able to retire approximately $1.5 billion of bonds that were coming due in the
next 4 quarters. It also allowed us to pay down existing commercial paper, providing us with additional
flexibility.

We ended the quarter with $1.8 billion of commercial paper borrowings outstanding. Therefore, after
considering the $3.6 billion of cash on hand as well as $6.2 billion of undrawn credit facilities, we had
approximately $9.8 billion of liquidity available to us at the end of the quarter. This represents an increase
of $3 billion from where we ended last quarter.

In light of this available liquidity and the various actions we have taken during the quarter, our debt
maturity profile over the next 24 months is quite manageable. We only have $500 million of bonds coming
due in the fourth quarter of this year and another $665 million coming due in the third quarter of 2021.
The next maturity after that will only come in August 2022.

Before I conclude, let me say a quick word about our financial reporting going forward. The corporate
reorganization we are undertaking is a significant exercise that will take some time to fully implement.
Therefore, we will continue to report our results for the third quarter consistent with our historical
practices. Starting with the fourth quarter, we will report our results on the basis of the 4 new divisions.
We will continue to disclose revenue on a geographic basis quarterly, in line with our historical format, in
other words, split between North America, Latin America, ECA and the Middle East.

Going forward, once a year and in connection with our fourth quarter and full year earnings release,
we will disclose pretax operating income split between North America and the rest of the world. These
margins will include the results of the Cameron businesses. Shortly after we issue our third quarter
earnings release, we will provide historical pro forma financial information based upon the new division
structure as well as the annual geographic margins to assist you with your modeling.

I will now turn the conference call back to Olivier.

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director
Yes. Thank you. Thank you, Stephane. So I think we are ready to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of James West with Evercore ISI.

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Olivier, so clearly, digital technologies are gaining a lot of traction as the industry accelerates, intensifies
its digital journey, and you guys are, of course, leading this charge here. Could you perhaps break out how
much of your revenue and earnings comes from digital today? And what the -- what your plans are for
that percentage in the future?

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

Thank you, James. So I think as we commented before, I think we are not ready to disclose the detail
of our revenue and margin contribution -- net contribution from the digital business. Suffice to say that
I think it has been accretive from the growth. It has been the segment of our business that has been
declining the least in the last quarter. It has been the one that has seen the most expansion of margin as
well during the quarter. So I think it is material to our business.

Our ambition remains the same. We want to double this business in the midterm, in -- double its size.
And I think we will use for that 2 avenue -- 3 avenues, the avenues of our subsurface digital platform,
where we are doing this transition to cloud-based DELFI solution with our customers, and I think we are
already seeing a lot of traction into that space. And I think this will give us new revenue stream of IT
infrastructure cloud operation in addition to transformation services for every customer that we transition.

Secondly, we want to open a new business around data and be it on the analytics or be it on the
subsurface operational data that we start to offer a platform for data exchange or for trading those data.
So we have introduced GAIA as a platform, and I think we are seeing success through national data
rooms, as you have seen in Egypt, and other place in the world. So I think that's the second new revenue
stream that we are developing.

And finally, digital operation. I think you have seen recent announcement of the partnership we have with
-- we have developed with Exxon, and you are about to hear more in the future. We'll continue to lead in
this drilling operation as well as production operation with Sensia, our partner, our JV.

And I think these are the 3 revenue stream that we are developing compared to one we had before. So
this will give us the opportunity to expand in multiple facets and not only into the license for subsurface
application.

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. Great. That's very helpful. Maybe just a quick follow-up. As we transition to digital, understanding
that your costs are lower, but also the customer fees are lower cost, is the ultimate EBITDA dollars, the
absolute dollars, are they higher or lower?

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

I think, no doubt, I think with this growth and accretive margin, it would be higher. I think using -- the
benefits from digital will also benefit our customer. That's the reason why we are seeing this adoption,
because they realize that they extract efficiency, they transform their own operational workflow and, as
such, reduce the total cost of the -- in the life cycle of the operation. So we will benefit, they will benefit.
We believe we are at the edge. We are ahead of our competitors. And we own the platform that the
industry is adopting. So that will give us a sustainable differentiation.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Operator

And our next question is from Sean Meakim with JPMorgan.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Olivier, yes, the cost reduction plan is robust. No one doubts Schlumberger's ability to execute, as we saw
in the second quarter. As we've discussed in the past, the medium term, you can't really cut your way
to prosperity. So it will be great if we could maybe learn more about how you plan to approach the next
cycle. Last cycle, the service sector led with discounts to customers, and that was not least the large-cap
diversifieds. I'm sure you received the same request this time around. As you're going to execute well on
the cost-out program, looking beyond that, how do we defend the top line trajectory of the coming cycle?

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

Yes, Sean, I think you have to realize that the -- compared to the last cycle, I think things have changed.
And first and foremost, I think the margins have been reset for the whole industry. The pricing concession
have been steep, and we have not recovered from this pricing from the last cycle.

So I think, first, there is not much that we can give and share. And I think the approach that we are
taking with our customers, actually engage collaboratively across the full life cycle of their operation and
eliminate waste and focus on engaging to reduce cost of service delivery jointly. And I think we are seeing
success in this approach. We are being awarded an expanded scope when we succeed into eliminating
costs and eliminating waste across the value chain.

So you will see more of this approach and less of a pricing because the industry doesn't have much to
give. And I think our customers realize this. And I think we are working more collaboratively than we had
in the last 5 years on this. And I believe that the margin expansion that we are realizing or the resilience
of the margin we are realizing today will be something that we'll be able to keep and build upon as the
recovery will start to happen.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I think that makes sense. Then I guess, as we look out what may be a couple of years away, but at some
point, there will be another large tender that will hit the market, and I think that's probably where the
rubber meets the road to some degree. How do you think about the competitive dynamics for those large,
multiyear tenders that have always been kind of the thorn in the side of this sector?

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

I think the lesson learned from this, I think, is the industry has learned to be capital disciplined. And
I think we have learned, all of us. And I think we have suffered from some of the steps we took as an
industry. And I think the capital discipline that I have seen and that we are using today, I think is very
prominent in many place. And I think we have been having a very strict capital stewardship program,
where we make a clear choice on the, I would say, allocating capital where we see returns. And as such,
we are grading the opportunity that comes our way, and I believe some of our competitors are applying
the same approach as the return are not acceptable the way they were and the way they have been at the
trough. So I think the capital discipline is something that has changed. And I think expect that the capital
discipline will be an element of success in the future.

Now this being said, very large tender, very large scope that have a runway for multiyears will be
competitive. But I think we'll demonstrate we have the most competitive-cost platform to operate those
large contracts, and we'll be able to retain margins in those conditions.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

And next, we have a question from Angie Sedita with Goldman Sachs.

Angeline Marie Sedita
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So around your Q3 guidance for EBITDA and operating income to be up, can you share any additional
thoughts around magnitude as far as margins and the bottom line? And then the levers within those
numbers, how does Ecuador factor into these numbers as it comes back as well as the furloughed
employees coming back? And any additional thoughts around the APS tariffs in Ecuador given oil prices?

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

Let me -- Angie, let me offer some very qualitative comments, and I will let Stephane add, if he believes
that we need to add.

So first, I don't think we are in a position where we would like to give quantitative guidance on these. I
think considering the level of uncertainty and the mix that could, as we have seen in the second quarter,
change dramatically particularly internationally, I don't think I will go further on a quantitative guidance
going forward.

But I think we are seeing positive and negative. Obviously, on the positive side, we are seeing the fall
through, the incremental impact of our restructuring costs that will continue to fall into a tailwind for our
margins. We'll also see, obviously, the return of our Ecuador activity, as you have heard, $100 million
impact on the top line. That will come back, both EBITDA and margins, in the -- and operating margins,
in the third quarter. And at the same time, I think the -- our execution that we have seen happening on
capital stewardship and success of technology, including digital, will also be an uplift.

Now this would be partially offset. And one of them will be the top line measure that we took. Exceptional
measure we took during the second quarter will not be there again. But I think as a mix, you understand
that this will lift our margin despite a top line flat.

Stephane Biguet
Executive VP & CFO

Just to add, Olivier. Maybe one additional factor on top of incremental fixed cost savings is also the full
quarter effect of the large headcount reductions we executed in Q2. The exit rates of those headcount
reduction was much larger than the average. So we'll have that tailwind as well.

Angeline Marie Sedita
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Okay. Fair enough. And then I mean you really had impressive results in Reservoir Characterization
as far as margins. Can you talk a little bit around how much of that was driven by cost cutting versus the
impact of digital and maybe even Wireline? And when could we start to see the similar transformation
across your other businesses?

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

No, very good question. I think the -- first, I think Reservoir Characterization is certainly the one that is
the least -- having the least exposure to North America as a benefit -- had a benefit on international. As
I did mention, 3 of the 4 business groups has flat or expanding margin internationally, and that was the
case for Reservoir Characterization.

Now to be specific, I will say that a little bit more than half, I will say, came from this aggressive action
we take on the structure and cost reduction. But I think the other half came from technology adoption.
And technology adoption, otherwise reservoir evaluation from Wireline with Ora as the platform of choice,
continue to be very, very successful in the campaign of the -- even if we have less exploration activity,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

we are able to deploy this new technology with much success, and it was the highest quarter in terms of
revenue for that new technology, Ora .

And digital, so I will say that it's a technology success as much a technology adoption success as much
as a cost structure. So the other segment have technology [indiscernible], and we'll continue to succeed
as well. So I'm not worried about our ability to grow margin in every business group. But obviously, we
benefited more from the differentiation of our technology in Reservoir Characterization.

Operator

Very good. And our next question is from the line of Scott Gruber with Citigroup.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Stephane, can you walk through a few of the major cash items over the next few quarters, specifically
with regard to working cap? What are your expectations for the size of the traditional second half release?
And then what are your expectations for cash severance in the second half? And how does that split
between 3Q and 4Q?

Stephane Biguet
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, sure. Look, for the second half, we actually expect our cash flow from operations to remain very
strong, even if, indeed, you're right, the working capital release will not be as large as it was in Q2
because activity -- if we assume activity stabilizing, as we said, in the second half.

However, again, with our additional fixed cost cash savings materializing in the -- in the rest of the year
and the reduced intensity of our capital spend, we think we can still generate positive free cash flow in the
second half despite the additional severance payments that we will incur. And to your question, we think
we will incur most of the remaining severance payments in the second half of the year.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

And we should think about -- is the $1 billion less the $370 million paid in the second quarter in terms of
what's remaining for cash severance? Is that the way to think about it?

Stephane Biguet
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. You can put a little bit more because we had $200 million of provisions at the end of March as well.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then just on the cost-out program. You mentioned realizing about 40% of the $1.5 billion
during the second quarter. Is that a full quarter impact? Or was that realized by quarter end? And then
just some color on realizing the majority of the remainder in the second half. Is that fairly linear? Or is it
more weighted towards 3Q or 4Q?

Stephane Biguet
Executive VP & CFO

So it is a full quarter impact, meaning that the Q2 results include the 40%, and we exited the quarter
actually at a much higher rate. So this is why we have a nice tailwind starting into Q3 and going into Q4
with the remaining 60%. Most of it is -- a lot of it is already realized at the end of -- or triggered at the
end of the quarter.

Operator

Next, we go to the line of Bill Herbert with Simmons Energy.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

William Andrew Herbert
Simmons & Company International, Research Division

Yes. Olivier, so in a world of record OPEC spare capacity and inventory, which can largely meet the rising
call on OPEC output over the next 2 years, how should we think about the uptake for RCG services given
the low-hanging fruit with regard to monetizing production?

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

Yes, you're -- I think the RCG, the Reservoir Characterization Group, I think has multiple aspects to it. I
think one is the digital. And I think this one, independently of the trajectory of the recovery of the supply-
demand balance, will continue to benefit from the digital transformation that is happening in our industry.

When it comes to the Wireline, the testing, the reservoir evaluation aspect, I think you have to look
at 2 aspects. One is, first, exploration still is happening and will continue to happen. There were more
than 100 wells explored during the offshore during the second quarter, and there will be more than
100 wells, exploration wells in the first quarter. And hence, the ability we have, the differentiation and
technology with platforms such as Ora, will continue to be providing us support and sustain margin in this
environment.

Secondly, Reservoir Characterization also does characterization for producing reservoir, so that when
there is a short-cycle upside of trying to extract more from existing reservoir without exploring, we are
applying technology for intervention, we are applying technology for testing of the reservoir so that we
can optimize. And I think we have seen actually more resilience of that Wireline intervention production
services during the quarter than on the evaluation services during the last quarter.

So I'm reading this. I'm optimistic and quite reassured that the portfolio we have is well balanced and
include for Reservoir Characterization production-related technology that will make a difference as our
customer will go back into extracting more from the reservoir and the producing field they have.

William Andrew Herbert
Simmons & Company International, Research Division

Okay. And then Stephane, with regard to, I guess, depreciation, did you say that Q3, that total
depreciation will be down $80 million quarter-on-quarter?

Stephane Biguet
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, it will be from the impairment effect. However, you will also see a reversal coming from the Ecuador
landslide incident that will partially offset this effect. But from impairment totally -- yes, go ahead. Go
ahead.

William Andrew Herbert
Simmons & Company International, Research Division

Got it. So the net impact, we had $604 million in Q2. Approximately, what do you think the number and
the guidance is for Q3?

Stephane Biguet
Executive VP & CFO

It is not going to be so far from Q2, if you assume the same revenue levels we have.

Operator

And our next question is from Kurt Hallead with RBC.

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

So Olivier, I was wondering if you can potentially give us a little bit more color around what may be --
what you may see happening in terms of business dynamics in the Middle East. There's been a couple
of other earnings reports from some of your competitors this week. It seems like there's some mixed
messages in terms of overall level of activity and, I guess, still some discussion around some pricing
concession dynamics. So you gave us some good color on Latin America and kind of what to expect in
Ecuador. So just hoping you can give us some of that same kind of color and context on the Middle East.

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

Yes, thank you. So I think the Middle East activities is seeing indeed a unique mix. The reason for this
is that, as part of the OPEC+ commitment and compliance, there were decision made during the second
quarter for several of the national company operating in Middle East to contain their activity and to reduce
activity, including rig activity or rigless activity during the third quarter.

So this is impacting several countries and, in particular, Saudi. So the number of rigs that Saudi was
operating at the beginning of the year compared to where it is operating now, they will be more than 40
rigs down from January to June, and another 9 or 12 rig possibly will go down in the third quarter. So
no doubt, that there is a decline by the effect of the transition exit rate from Q2 as well as some further
contraction of activity in the third quarter. That's true for that country.

So depending on the exposure you have in Middle East, it can be significant or it can be offset. In our
case, we are offsetting this by gain of activity or share in specifically Qatar and Kuwait. And as such, the
overall outlook for us on Middle East is relatively flat on a sequential basis where, indeed, the underlying
rig activity sequentially will go down 6% to 7% across the region. But depending on the -- so yes, the
activity is going down sequentially, no doubt. And it will not be corrected because of the decision of last
week OPEC+ agreement to reinstall -- restore the 1.9 million barrel cut. This was already factored those
activity cuts were decided. And hence, I'm not expecting any impact on this. So yes, mix down. However,
depending on the market exposure, we, in our case, are able to hold our top line relatively flat in that
context.

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

That's great. And then my follow-up is you made a reference that given the cost-out dynamics execution
and so on that you would expect your operating income margins and EBITDA to improve, obviously, in
the third quarter. But it seems like there's going to be some built-in momentum in the system that could
carry you over into the fourth quarter even if there is some seasonal decline in revenue. So just wanted to
kind of test my theory on that to see if that's true. And then as part of that, I was also curious as to what
business segment do you think has the best -- will show the best improvement in EBITDA and margins as
you get through the second half of the year?

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

Good question. I think the first, we do confirm that our ambition is to indeed, on a flat outlook, absent of
a significant setback that would come from a reversal of the pandemic situation. But -- and considering
the forward looking, there will be some seasonal effects, so it's very early to give a perspective on the top
line evolution from third to fourth quarter. But assuming that the current directional soft landing of activity
continues well into the fourth quarter, we will expect indeed this benefit to carry through and this margin
expansion to be consistent and to still hold both from EBITDA and from the operating margin in the fourth
quarter. So that's correct, and I think we are supporting this.

I don't think we are in a position where we can project, and we want to detail and give guidance on the
business segment outlook beyond next quarter. We expect them to indeed solidify and expand margin next
quarter. But I think to go beyond that, there will be some end-of-year effect that could twist some of the
fall through. But overall, on a global basis, at the company level, this is what we're expecting.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

And next we have a question from the line of David Anderson with Barclays.

John David Anderson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I have bigger-picture question for you. But I want to ask a quick question first on the near term,
particularly on the Middle East.

You talked about mix being an issue there, but in terms of the rigs going down, is it mostly oil? I'm just
curious if you can just talk about the mix between oil and gas. Is gas still kind of largely maintained there?

And secondarily, is there much impact on this on your LSTK contracts at all? You didn't really get into that
at all. I'm just wondering if that has any impact there.

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

So the first measure during the third -- the second quarter have been obviously on oil. However, there
have been some sad effect on gas because of budget reductions. So budget constraints have led to
reduction of activity in gas as well. And for what specific, I'm sorry.

The gas LSTK contract indeed have reduced significantly. I'm not talking about the unconventional. I'm
talking about the conventional gas operation frac, call to being rigless operation. And this has reduced to a
new floor, and this will possibly rebound. But yes, gas was affected for us.

The drilling, LSTK, by contrast was unaffected, probably because the performance of those LSTK contract
is differentiated. And there is a mix of oil or gas LSTK drilling contract, and both were actually sustained
and have not been impacted at this point. We don't expect to be the case. So that's -- just to give you a
little bit of the -- more color.

John David Anderson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

That's great. So my bigger-picture question is sort of going -- looking back in history here a bit. When we
talk about the cycles, it seems to me 1986 is kind of the clear parallel to kind of what we're going through
now, not only in terms of magnitude, but kind of how we got here in a lot of respects.

Now you started Schlumberger in 1987. And just like now, Schlumberger was going through a pretty
major management change at the time. But as that cycle slowly regained its footing, Schlumberger really
accelerated out of the downturn, set the company up for another decade of success. So my question is,
as you look back at those days in the late '80s and early '90s, and I'm sure you studied your predecessors
during those times, I'm just wondering kind of what are some of the big lessons that you learned about
how to position the company, what to focus on? And really, I guess, what were the kind of the keys to
success back then and that will -- that you're thinking about now as the cycle resets?

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

So first, I'm not old enough to comment on '86, apparently. So no, Dave, I think if we step back, I think
the industry has a proportion to go into crisis and rebound. So no doubt that this industry will engineer or
innovate its way after the current crisis, no doubt.

I think the characteristic on the other side of this cycle will be different from what we have known in the
last 10 to 15 years. And I think capital efficiency, capital discipline, efficiency, cost of service delivery
would be the prime element of differentiation.

So when I'm talking about technology, we'll talk about technology, that impact the performance across the
life cycle. That impact efficiency, hence, the fast adoption of digital will be differentiation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

So when you look -- by contrast, okay, the success we had historically was clearly on expanding our
international franchise and being the service company that could create value and find hydrocarbon
reserve and help develop those reserve everywhere in the world in any condition.

I think the game has changed. This is not about finding new supply. It's produce this supply at a lower
cost. And I think on occasion, it would be short-cycle extraction of the next fault. On occasion, it will
be finding the next advantage: offshore, deepwater, large basin. Hence technology will always make a
difference, but it will be focused on performance, impact efficiency, and this would change the game.

The second aspect, I think -- and digital obviously is part of this, changing cost of sales delivery, changing
our efficiency factor. The second aspect is, I believe, I truly believe that the industry is recognizing and we
are having better engagement today than maybe we had in the past across the necessity to integrate and
partner across the supply chain, and supply chain across on the service side and from supply to operator,
to align in partnership that will transcend and create the game change we need. Because we need to
transform as an industry, we need to find a way to extract this capital efficiency by standardization, by
changing the way we operate, by transforming the way we digitally align with our operators and across
the service industry. So partnership across the supply chain to really step change capital efficiency across
the life cycle and the technology that are differentiated per basin, focused on performance and focused on
lowering the cost of sales delivery. This is what I think will be the winning factor in the future.

John David Anderson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

But I would also imagine that R&D spend is critical as well, right? I mean that's one of the things I've
noticed over the decades, that R&D spend is critical.

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

Obviously, as I said, I think the industry will innovate its way. And innovation will come from the way
we reinvent ourselves, including this partnership, this transformation, operational transformation. But
obviously, there will be a very key element of technology. We will have to invent the next and continue to
lead on our digital and invent the technology that will transform operationally the performance of the asset
of our customer, step change the efficiency of finding oil and automate the drilling operations. So that will
come through technology investment. And no doubt that we continue and we invest into this to make it
happen.

Operator

And our next question is from Connor Lynagh with Morgan Stanley.

Connor Joseph Lynagh
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I was wondering if you could sort of frame something for me here. I think the pace of cost reductions, in
many cases, structural cost reductions has surprised a lot of observers of the industry. And I guess, what
everyone is trying to figure out is how sustainable or how scalable these cost savings are. So if you could
characterize the $1.5 billion of cost savings, are you thinking of your business as able to reach the same
revenue levels as previously? Are you not interested in reaching the same revenue levels that you had in,
say, 2018 or 2019 because some of it was so returns-dilutive? How do you think about the ability of the
organization to respond to higher activity levels, if and when we get there?

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

No. First, Connor, I think we had to realize -- and I think this realization has been across the whole
industry, that I think we are transitioning into a new normal. And the new normal means that the market
for the foreseeable short term will be structurally smaller in size. So I think we have to make that
realization. Whether we call it 25%, 30%, 35% smaller in size, it depends on the region and the business,
but I think that's a reality that is leading us. So I think that was the first and foremost realization.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

The second one, we have realized and, hence, the decision that we have made to restructure the company
to adjust and align with this new reality and to rightsize our structure, including our support fixed
structure to account for this. This doesn't say that we are not ready for growth. We're absolutely ready
for growth. But I think that we believe that the transformation we going through, the capital efficiency,
resource efficiency that we have enabled in the last 3 to 4 years, and the digital transformation we are
going through in our operation today will create the leverage that we need to add future growth at much
limited -- much more limited resource and our capital needs in the future. So I believe that the asset
velocity, the capital efficiency will play out.

Now this being said, we'll be very strict on our capital stewardship program, and as such, indeed, made
the right choice to not deploy capital and resource when we believe that the return are not in place. And I
think we have started to do this. And we are successful in doing this, and we continue to do so. But at the
end, we will grow. The recovery is on the horizon. When and as it recovers, we'll be ready with a different
shape, a different structure, a new company, be it in the North America market, where we will -- are
changing to an asset-light technology access model and scale-to-fit approach; or internationally, where we
are more focused on performance, and we are getting success out of this, and we'll accelerate our digital
transformation. So yes, we will. And we believe that this structure will be giving us more flexibility as well
as we'll have the core digital and transformation capability to flex with an upturn at better incrementals.

Connor Joseph Lynagh
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. I guess I would extend basically the same question to a point you were making,
which is a lot of the things you're doing will make the business more capital-light. Is there a way that you
can frame for people how the capital intensity or the CapEx needs as a percentage of sales, however you
think of it, could look on a go-forward basis relative to what we saw in the previous cycle here?

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

I think we have been in 5% to 7% as a guidance that we have been consistent with. And I think -- we
believe that we'll be able, as the market return to -- after completing some of the transformation for asset
light and technology access, to continue on this 5% to 7%. We are comfortable on this, and that's the
guidance we keep.

Operator

And ladies and gentlemen, we have one final question from the line of Marc Bianchi with Cowen.

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Olivier, you mentioned a soft landing for international in third quarter. I think there's a lot of questions
from investors about budget resets and what we've seen so far internationally this year and if there's
incremental risk to 2021. Are you comfortable saying that, absent seasonality that we usually see in the
first quarter, that international has bottomed in the second quarter of 2020?

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

It's too early to say, Marc. I think what I'm saying is that the -- for this year, the effect of the budget
adjustments and the COVID disruption that were -- did create this significant decline, 22% rig decline
in the second quarter, this 2 condition are receding and subdued as we go forward. We don't anticipate
significant further budget cuts at the current pace.

This, however, it's too early to say what are the consequence on the budget setting in 2021. If the market
was indicative of a slow but steady recovery scenario, that will, according to many of the analysts, IEA
and others, to indicate an exit rate at $50 or $60 in '20 for the Brent. In 2021, obviously, this will certainly
support a steady 2021 compared to the H2 in light of activity internationally. But this is too early to say,
and I think we'll have to wait the budget cycle and also, obviously, 3 to 4 months of more economic

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

recovery of pandemic containment to judge what 2021 demand-supply balance could be and what the
condition for the budget will be in 2021.

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Well maybe following up on that thought about '21. If I sort of take the run rate level of EBITDA that
you have here, it's about $3.3 billion. And we've got another $900 million of cost savings that should be
realized. You were kind of on a $4.2 billion annualized rate. As you look to '21, understanding there's a lot
of uncertainty, what would you say are the biggest factors that could be driving that higher or lower?

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

I think, obviously, the pace of economic recovery, the anticipated demand-supply balance and the
repercussion it will have on the confidence of the operator to invest or reinvest, I think, is the major factor
that will shape the turn of 2021.

So again, if it is a run rate of H2 x 2, we expect to sustain whatever we will produce in the second half.
And to multiply by 2, that is a correct assumption. But again, the risk, I think, comes down to demand-
supply more than anything else. North America is a little bit of a wildcard, and we don't expect this to be
a significant year, but it will be up most likely as a slow but steady recovery, but will not come back to the
heydays. So I think overall, I think you have the guidance, but the factor is predominantly the pandemic
outlook and the demand-supply, the impact on the demand-supply prediction. And we cannot comment
more on at this point.

So I believe we are at the -- it's time to close. So to close, let me leave you with 3 points: Firstly, our Q2
performance reflects the decisiveness and depth of our cost adjustments and cash preservation actions.
I'm very pleased with the operational performance, international margins resilience, cash flow results and
uptake in digital during the quarter.

Secondly, we are resetting the company's structure to support our performance vision and to align
with the new market reality. And as such, we have initiated a clear path to restore margins and returns
performance with the backdrop of a structurally smaller market. We expect this to show visibly during the
second half, absent of a setback in economic recovery.

Finally, our performance strategy with digital and sustainability as imperatives and capital stewardship and
fit-for-basin technology as performance factors will create differentiation in this new industry landscape
and will support our returns ambition, particularly as the future recovery pivots towards international
markets.

So with this, and now before I close the call, I wish everyone -- and I wish everyone a safe and happy
summer. I would like to thank Simon Farrant for nearly 33 years of service, as he has elected to take
an early retirement from Schlumberger. Simon has been a very familiar voice and face throughout the
last 6 years, 26 quarters, in his role as Vice President of Investor Relations, and I trust that his unique
contribution to both Schlumberger and the investor community will be greatly missed. Simon, we wish you
and your family all the best. Enjoy the new chapter.

Simon Farrant;Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Olivier.

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

ND Maduemezia, who most recently was the Sub-Sahara Africa GeoMarket Manager, will take over from
Simon effective at the end of this month. I ask that you all welcome ND and extend to him the same high
level of support and professional engagement as shared with Simon. Welcome, ND.

Ndubuisi D. Maduemezia

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Olivier. I'm excited and truly honored to take on this role, and I look forward to working very
closely with all of you. I turn the call over to Simon.

Olivier Le Peuch
CEO & Director

Simon?

Simon Farrant;Vice President of Investor Relations

Well thank you very much, Olivier. It's been an honor to serve as the Head of Investor Relations, as you
say, for the last 26 quarters. And I wish my good friend, ND, all the best in taking over this role.

Thank you, operator, you may close the call.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your
participation and for using AT&T Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

