Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. NYSE:SWK
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 30, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.08

1.20

11.11

1.28

6.20

8.22

Revenue  (mm)

3181.87

3129.40

(1.65 %)

3047.94

13107.79

14471.67

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-30-2020 12:35 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.55

2.03

2.18

1.08

2.66

2.13

2.18

1.20

4.31 %

4.93 %

0.00 %

11.11 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

14

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dennis M. Lange
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

James M. Loree
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Timothy Ronald Wojs
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Justin A. Speer
Zelman & Associates LLC

Kenneth Robinson Zener
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Markus Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Michael Jason Rehaut
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the First Quarter 2020 Stanley Black & Decker Earnings Conference Call. My name is Shannon,
and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]

Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Vice President of
Investor Relations, Dennis Lange. Mr. Lange, you may begin.

Dennis M. Lange
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for Stanley Black & Decker's
2020 First Quarter Conference Call.

On the call, in addition to myself, is Jim Loree, President and CEO, and Don Allan, Executive Vice President
and CFO.

Our earnings release, which was issued earlier this morning and a supplemental presentation, which we
will refer to during the call are available on the IR section of our website.

A replay of this morning's call will also be available beginning at 11:00 a.m. today. The replay number and
the access code are in our press release.

This morning, Jim and Don will review our 2020 first quarter results and various other matters followed by
a Q&A session. Consistent with prior calls, we're going to be sticking with just one question per caller.

And as we normally do, we will be making some forward-looking statements during the call based on
our current views. Such statements are based on assumptions of future events that may not prove to be
accurate, and as such, they involve risk and uncertainty. It's therefore possible that the actual results may
materially differ from any forward-looking statements that we might make today. We direct you to the
cautionary statements in our 8-K that we filed with our press release and in our most recent '34 Act filing.

I'll now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Jim Loree.

James M. Loree
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Dennis, and good morning, everyone.

I'd like to begin with a short passage from our most recent shareholder letter, and I quote, "The new
decade is upon us and with it comes a host of new challenges, with the most significant one of them all
being something called VUCA, a term which emanated from a military college in the U.S. in response to
the onset of the post-Cold War era. VUCA stands for volatility, uncertainty, complexity and ambiguity.
And while back in that period, VUCA described the backdrop for the formation of a new world order, this
time, I believe it describes what leaders of all institutions will have to consider as we devise strategies and
tactics to thrive in what can now be called the new world disorder of the 2020s. It's an exciting world full
of disruptive risks and opportunities, with the accelerating pace of technological change, always pushing
the limits of what individuals and institutions can absorb. In 2019, we put much thought into what it will
take to win in this environment, and we were perhaps blessed by having to deal with the unusually volatile
conditions we faced in 2018 and 2019. For structural reasons, our recent external challenges may have
been more pronounced than encountered by most diversified global industrials. Ironically, we feel blessed
that we have experienced them and endured through them and have now emerged with the fitness and
mindset to take on the challenges of the 2020s."

I put the finishing touches on that shareholder letter on February 9, several weeks before the devastating
impact of COVID-19 began to unfold in real time across the globe. It struck suddenly and jarringly, and
while no one could fully understand what to expect next and exactly how it would impact public health

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

policy, consumer behavior, the global economy, our markets, et cetera, our management team truly did
have the fitness and mindset to tackle the first great challenge of the 2020s, COVID-19.

The VUCA world had arrived earlier and more forcefully than could ever have been imagined. We acted
swiftly and decisively to establish key priorities including: one, ensuring the health and safety of our
employees and supply chain partners; two, maintaining business continuity and financial strength and
stability; three, serving our customers who provide essential products and services to the world; and four,
doing our part to help mitigate the impact of the virus across the globe.

These priorities create clarity for our people and our stakeholders in a time of crisis. Through that
framework, we empowered our leaders to take the necessary actions to protect our people, our company,
our customers and our communities.

First and most important is the health and safety of our employees and our supply chain partners. As
a provider of essential products and services to the world, we have been permitted to continuously
manufacture products and to provide services in most locations around the globe since the inception of the
lockdown.

It began in China with our 10 plants there, operating continuously after returning from Chinese New Year
in early February. We took extreme measures to protect our 8,000 workers there, including temperature
screening, mandatory use of masks and other PPE, social distancing, frequent hand sanitizing and
automatic quarantine -- quarantining of anyone exposed to international travel or other high-risk
situations.

In addition, all Chinese employees who were able to work virtually were required to do so. These
precautions were so effective that to date, we have had only 1 known instance of an employee in China
testing positive for COVID-19, and she has recovered.

That early learning in China proved critically useful to managing safety in our global operations as it
enabled us to establish a standardized safety protocol based on applying our China practices as the virus
worked its way around the world.

Among approximately 25,000 manufacturing and distribution workers globally, we have had fewer than
50 test positive to date. We track each employee case continuously as it develops. We've had only a few
locations out of our 100-plus factories and DCs with any notable spread, although we have had 1 where
9 cases were detected within a 12-day period. We immediately and voluntarily effected a temporary
shutdown of that facility for sanitizing and sent the majority of employees home for a mandatory 14-day
quarantine.

For the total company, comprising approximately 58,000 associates, we've had less than 100 employees
test positive for COVID-19, a testament to our safety culture and the importance we place on protecting
our people.

And while we recognize that the situation can change quickly with respect to this virus, our safety
measures are largely working. That health and safety commitment and execution has enabled us to
maintain a supply chain that has functioned at a high level thus far during the crisis, providing business
continuity with few and only relatively minor supply disruptions. This is a day-to-day management
process. However, we can say at this point, so far, so good.

And as for the company, we were in a strong financial position coming into the crisis, and we remain
strong today. Not surprisingly, we are anticipating that COVID-19-driven demand disruptions will
negatively impact our full year revenue outlook, and therefore, overall financial results in 2020.

And here's what we've seen relative to demand. Overall demand in January and February was consistent
with our now withdrawn guidance that was issued in January. Into March, as the lockdown unfolded in
Asia, Europe and then the U.S., sell-in volume fell into deep negative territory at levels in the aggregate
even deeper than '08, '09. The automotive industry in Europe and North America essentially shut
down. Commercial aerospace experienced similar dynamics. General industrial orders dried up as
plants not providing essential products and services were closed around the globe. And major European

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

countries, such as Italy, France and Spain as well as many in emerging markets basically shut down their
discretionary and nonessential economies. Most states in the U.S. followed suit after California's March 19
stay-at-home order. And North American retail was a bright spot as homebound DIYers flocked to home
centers and e-commerce to stock up on tools and other project supplies, driving positive POS. Retailers
generally took that opportunity to trim inventories, however, creating a large gap between sell-out and
sell-in, which has continued into April.

As a result, we recently withdrew our previously announced guidance for the year. And today, we'll be
detailing a comprehensive cost reduction and efficiency program that will deliver $500 million of savings
in 2020, above and beyond variable cost reductions and $1 billion over the next 12 months. The primary
focus is to: one, adjust our supply chain and manufacturing labor base to match the current demand
environment; secondly, substantially reduce indirect spending; third, reduce staffing in a manner that
ensures we're prepared for a demand recovery at the appropriate time; and fourth, capture the significant
raw material deflation opportunity that has emerged as the economy has weakened.

I recognize that this is a difficult time to make reduced work decisions that impact employees, but these
actions are necessary given the decline in demand we are seeing. And with that said, we are being
thoughtful in executing these actions with compassion as well as consideration to position the company to
capitalize on a recovery as the crisis subsides.

And subside, it will. We are already seeing green shoots suggesting that economies and industries around
the world are either rebooting or preparing to reboot in the coming weeks. Home center POS in North
America is remarkably positive as we speak. E-commerce volumes are up in double digits. European
and U.S. auto is preparing to resume production. Governments are beginning to permit nonessential
manufacturing to resume, et cetera. All of this suggests that as we see it today, second quarter will likely
be the trough in 2020, albeit a deep one at that.

We believe we have sufficient flexibility to navigate through this volatile period and emerge even stronger
on the other side. We have stress test our business for a wide variety of demand scenarios and have
initiated the necessary actions and contingency plans to maintain a solid financial and operational
foundation during this unpredictable period. Don will provide more color and detail on these in a few
minutes.

Also important in this crisis is our mission to assist our governments and communities in mitigating the
spread and impact of the virus around the globe. In the face of today's challenges, we are seeing the best
of humankind. People, businesses, governments, NGOs are coming together. And as an organization, we
are taking steps around the globe to do our part. Now is the time for corporations like ours to demonstrate
how we can align our resources to help deliver the innovative solutions and positive societal impact the
world needs right now.

We are participating in a number of ways using our expertise and innovation and our financial and
operational resources to be a force for good and make a difference in our communities.

To start, we are contributing to COVID-19 relief funds in the U.S. and globally in support of those who
have been catastrophically impacted by the virus. As part of this program, we are matching all employee
donations globally 2-for-1 to help our colleagues make an impact in their local communities.

In addition, we are setting up a relief fund for our own employees and their families to help those who
have been severely impacted by the virus and are in need of temporary financial assistance.

We are looking at ways to use our supply chain scale to help acquire critical PPE and other medical
equipment that is needed. For instance, we purchased 3 million face masks for philanthropic distribution to
vulnerable adult living facility, frontline workers and residents who desperately need protection.

And we have created a COVID-19 Response Task Force comprised of cross-functional leaders throughout
our organization that are focused on leveraging their expertise to develop solutions to help combat the
virus. Our teams are working on 3D printing face shields for health care workers and have partnered with
other companies to develop emergency hand sanitizer supplies as well as a DEWALT-powered portable
battery respirator. Our teams are supporting those who make the world, especially the frontline caregivers

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

and first responders, the workers in our customers' factories, construction workers and many others. They
are each giving it their all to help keep us safe, healthy and functioning well. Their work contributes to
society in so many ways, and our products and services are helping them to do their jobs every day, the
people that make the world.

Now I'll turn briefly to first quarter results. Revenues were $3.1 billion, down 6% versus prior year driven
by a 7% organic decline, primarily related to the impacts we experienced due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $1.20, which was better than otherwise could be expected considering
the demand headwinds that emerged in March. And our business teams are focused on cost control and
supply-demand balancing and are realizing the benefits we anticipated with the margin resiliency program.
This strong execution, however, was not enough to overcome the impact from the coronavirus-related
volume declines and approximately $60 million of carryover headwinds related to tariffs and currency.

And I will now turn it over to Don Allan to provide the business details for 1Q and a deeper dive into our
scenario planning, cost response, capital allocation posture and liquidity picture. Don?

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I hope you are all staying safe and healthy. Before I take a
deeper dive into Q1 results, I just want to share my deep appreciation for all our Stanley Black & Decker
employees around the globe, who have been working night and day to keep one another safe, operate our
business in this challenging environment and still give back to our communities. Thank you very much.

So let's move on to Q1. Tools & Storage revenue declined 10%, with volume down 9% and currency
contributing an additional 2 points of pressure. Price was a positive 1 point, driven by the benefits from
our actions in response to continued tariff and currency headwinds. The challenging revenue environment
as a result of the COVID crisis emerging in Q1 has impacted all Tools & Storage regions and SBUs. The
operating margin rate for the segment was 11.5%, down from the prior year as the benefits from cost
control, margin resiliency and price were more than offset by lower volumes due to the virus, tariffs and
unfavorable currency.

As the quarter unfolded, we saw the humanitarian crisis from COVID-19 evolve quickly into an economic
crisis and started to experience demand impacts in virtually all global markets we serve. First in Asia, then
in Europe and finally in North America and the emerging markets. Our planned organic growth for the
quarter was relatively flat to a slight decline.

As we detailed in January, we anticipated a difficult comp due to the significant load-in of Craftsman in
early 2019 as well as softer industrial channels and emerging markets in our guidance at the time. The
entirety of the miss versus our plan can be attributed to the impact from the virus. However, our proactive
cost control and margin resiliency initiatives, were able to significantly mitigate the net operating margin
impact from lower volumes.

On a geographic basis, Europe was down 7% as France and Southern Europe led the decline while the
North fared somewhat better, with low single-digit declines as the lockdown started later.

Growth in the European region in the month of February and first 2 weeks of March was positive,
illustrating how quickly trends changed during the second half of March.

Emerging markets declined 13%. Asia was hardest hit down 25%, with Latin America down 12%. All
countries in these geographies were down for the quarter, except for Russia, Turkey, Colombia and Chile,
which were all up low double digits.

North America was down 8%, with all channels experiencing declines. However, Canada was relatively flat
for the quarter. Similar to the overall segment, we expected North America to be relatively flat due to the
Craftsman load-in dynamic. So the decline for the quarter was largely driven by the virus impact. From an
underlying demand standpoint, retail POS extended the strong double-digit trend from 2019 through much
of the quarter. We started to see demand deviations versus our plan around the second week of March as

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

more broad-based shelter in-place orders went into effect, and the month of March POS was relatively flat
by the end of the month.

Now looking at the SBUs. Power Tools & Equipment declined 3% as early momentum behind commercial
execution and new product introductions were more than offset by the later quarter impact from the
pandemic. Contrary to what you would think, the less cyclical hand tools, accessories and storage SBU
declined 14%, more extreme because this SBU had a larger benefit in 2019 from the Craftsman rollout.
As we watch the trends in the quarter, e-commerce globally and DIY in many developed markets, showed
signs of acceleration. As you can imagine, with more people spending extended times in their homes,
maintenance and repair work that may have been put off for some time, has taken a new priority in the
lives of our end users. Our global position in e-commerce and the reestablishment of Craftsman in the
marketplace have benefited us in this particular environment.

Turning to Industrial. The segment delivered 6% revenue growth, which included 15 points from IES
Attachments and CAM, both of those acquisitions.

Additionally, it had an 8% organic decline and a negative 1 point from currency. Operating margin rate
was down year-over-year to 13.2% as margin resiliency and cost controls were more than offset by the
impact from lower volume and currency.

Engineered Fastening organic revenues were down 9%. As you would expect, Asia led the declines with
auto being more impacted than general industrial customers. We have seen this dynamic emerge in other
geographies we compete in as well. The automotive manufacturers were forced to make tough decisions to
close their plants and began shutting them down in Q1, as humanitarian and economic crisis moved across
the globe, leading to North American shutdowns late in March.

On a positive front, many of the Chinese auto plants have reopened, albeit at significantly lower volumes.
And most of the other auto manufacturers are planning to reopen North American and European plants
within the next several weeks. The commercial model in Engineered Fastening is sound. We continue to
partner with our customers on new content, which we believe will provide a pathway for share gains as
production levels improve. We are prepared to ramp up once our automotive customers solidify their new
production dates across Europe and North America.

The Infrastructure businesses declined 6% as low single-digit growth in Oil & Gas was more than offset
by lower Attachment Tools volume. Oil & Gas benefited from continued growth in inspections, while
Attachment Tools declined in the mid-teens, a relatively similar performance to what we experienced in
the fourth quarter.

Through mid-March, Security's organic growth was close to 3% quarter to date. By quarter end, however,
the Security segment had declined 4% as organic growth shifted to a negative 2% for the full quarter, a
5-point swing in 2 weeks as the world shut down and customers were cautious in allowing technicians on-
site as they postpone projects.

Embedded in that organic growth performance is a 2-point negative impact from divestitures. Security
additionally experienced a 2% decline in revenue from currency.

North American Security organic growth was up 2% as higher volumes in automatic doors and health
care were partially offset by lower installation and service revenue in the commercial electronic security
business.

Obviously, we are seeing customer accessibility limitations impacting our ability to complete installation
orders in this environment.

Europe was down 1% organically due to customer restrictions in France and U.K., which more than offset
solid growth in Sweden. The commercial momentum continued with strong order intake and a backlog that
is up 20% versus last year. As the restrictions lift in North America and Europe, we are in a good position
to continue the organic growth momentum in Security.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

In terms of profitability, the segment operating margin was down 290 basis points to 7.4% as price and
cost control were more than offset by lower volume in electronic security, investments to support growth
and the impact from the Sargent & Greenleaf divestiture. The volume lost in late March were customer
installations with significant above-line average profitability.

So that is the view of Q1. But now I would like to share our view on the near-term prospects for our
businesses. So as we move to Slide 9, today's environment is changing on a daily basis, and we are doing
everything we can to keep our employees safe and healthy and serve our customers while we continue to
evaluate and prepare for a wide variety of demand scenarios that could occur in 2020 and beyond.

I will start with the left side of the page, which depicts how we expect COVID to initially impact demand.
The chart is a range from the most impacted businesses at the top to what we believe to be the least
impacted businesses as we move down to the bottom of the table on this page.

We are seeing that the hardest-hit businesses will be automotive and aerospace. Both have seen OEMs
shut down production. In the case of auto, these end markets were seeing negative trends for much of
'18 and '19, so this environment has deepened this decline globally. Our customers are at varied stages of
restarting in Europe and the United States.

As a reminder, our auto fastening business is 25% CapEx-driven, with the remainder based on production.

As it relates to our aerospace exposure is close to 90% commercial, with the vast majority of that tied to
new-builds.

Finally, we expect general industrial portion of fasteners to be somewhat less impacted as the customer
base is diverse, and we serve some essential industries that have remained operational during this time.

Turning to Tools & Storage. Market demand is most closely correlated with global GDP and consumer
confidence in the served geography. Approximately 85% of our tools are construction oriented with
the remaining 15% serving industrial customers and automotive aftermarket. As broad-based global
shelter in-place orders were issued, the impact to North American independent construction channels and
industrial customers as well as geographies outside of North America, has been very significant.

On the contrary, our major North American retail customers were qualified as essential, which enabled
us to continue to serve demand. And we are seeing demand acceleration in DIY in the region and e-
commerce globally, supporting these trends in North America retail POS for the first 4 weeks of the fiscal
month of April, which was up low double digits. However, since about 70% of our products serve the
professional, declines in construction and repair activity levels and industrial production are expected to
impact demand while shutdowns remain in place.

Additionally, we are experiencing some inventory corrections in our North American retail partners as they
utilize this crisis to reset store inventory levels by the end of Q2.

Our Infrastructure businesses have less -- have been less impacted to date by shutdowns as large
construction projects have been able to safely continue. Attachment tools are seeing an impact as OEMs
adjust production and customers focus on only the most critical inventory. Less impacted today is Oil &
Gas as they complete their planned backlog of projects. However, we are expecting a longer-term impact
to this business related to the price of oil that would be negative.

Lastly, Security. Generally, this business is rather resilient during recessions because of the significant
amount of recurring revenue. And in downturns, we typically see an increase in the demand for Security.
The current crisis, however, is challenging this segment in new and different ways. Regional shutdowns
are limiting our ability to enter our customers' facilities and complete installation and maintenance orders.
As I referenced earlier, though, the team has been seen -- has seen strong order trends, which gives us
confidence that this business will have significant backlog to convert when the environment improves.

Additionally, we believe new market needs in factories, offices, retail and consumer as well as the health
care environment should create new revenue opportunities for this business to capitalize upon as we
emerge from the crisis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

So accounting for all these factors, our plans assume a 35% to 45% decline in organic revenue for the
second quarter.

As an added disclosure to provide some more transparency, an indication of our April month-to-date
revenue trend in each of our businesses is denoted by the colored balls on the left side of the slide.
You can see the actual data is very much in line with how I described the businesses earlier. Aggregate
shipments for the company are tracking in line with the midpoint of our planning assumption or about a
40% decline.

One could have a view that the demand impact will be deepest in the month of April, as the government
restrictions are currently very broad and restrictive. If this turns out to be an accurate view, then we
would appear to be at the -- to be at or slightly below the 35% end of our range for Q2. However, we think
it's too soon to draw definitive conclusions until we better understand the length of the shutdowns and
what demand looks like once restrictions ease.

As we look ahead for the full year, we have modeled scenarios that result in a 15% to 30% organic decline
in revenue. The key variables driving the range is the depth and the duration of the revenue decline as
well as the timing and the magnitude of the bounce back in 2020.

The high end of the decline would look more like an L-shaped recovery and the shallow end would be
representative of a V. Our base case plans for a U-shaped recovery with a few bumps likely along the way,
which currently expects 2Q to carry the deepest decline with the revenue contraction moderating across
both Q3 and Q4.

We have sized and structured our cost program to address this scenario, and it is relatively similar to the
midpoint of these revenue ranges.

However, we've structured our cost program to provide us flexibility, depending on the shape of the
recovery. Should we see a quicker V-shaped recovery, we can reverse some of these decisions as
necessary to support the demand environment as it returns. However, should we see further deterioration
or more elongated L-shaped recovery, we can choose to make some of the temporary actions permanent,
resizing our cost base to reflect the new environment.

Now turning to more detail on our cost response. As Jim mentioned in his opening comments, we are
targeting 4 areas of opportunity within our cost program: indirect spend, compensation and headcount,
benefits modification and raw material deflation. This new program expands and incorporates the $100
million to $150 million 2020 margin resiliency opportunity I discussed on the January earnings call.
However, these reductions are incremental to the headcount reduction program that we implemented in
Q4 2019, and included in our guidance in January. We see this as a $1 billion savings opportunity over the
next 12 months, with approximately $500 million benefiting this year.

Now I will dive deeper into each one of these opportunities. First, we are targeting to significantly reduce
our $1.7 billion in indirect spend as we focus on professional services, MRO, T&E, marketing, et cetera. We
are taking a clean sheet bottoms-up approach to assessing these spend categories and establish indirect
spend control towers, with cost category owners who will be focused on reviewing all proposed spend. The
mindset in this environment is to only approve expenditures that are essential to running our business.

Next, based on where commodity prices are in today's environment, combined with the initiatives we are
executing within margin resiliency, we believe there's a significant opportunity to capture incremental
raw material deflation across our roughly $6 billion of annual spend in finished goods, components,
commodities and transportation. This can help offset some of the remaining tariff and currency pressure
that we will face in 2020.

Together, these 2 categories represent about 60% of the $1 billion savings target, which means about
40% is compensation and benefits. Our approach in this area is to ensure that we are preserving our
ability to reduce labor costs in a manner that allows us to treat our employees with compassion in these
incredibly difficult times and to prepare us for a demand recovery at the appropriate time by making these
actions as temporary as possible. The savings include salary reductions for senior leaders, temporary

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

benefit reductions such as suspending 401(k) matching in the United States, a voluntary retirement
program, furloughs, modified work weeks and finally, some reductions in force.

Today, about 70% of the actions are temporary, specifically the furloughs, pauses in benefits, sale
reductions and the like.

As you think about modeling this $1 billion plan, we should start to see some benefit in Q2 related to
these actions, and approximately $375 million of the $500 million will benefit the second half.

One other assumption related to this. We believe approximately 60% of the $1 billion in cost savings is
classified as SG&A with the remainder in cost of sales.

So that is our plan to address the semi-fixed cost base in this environment. We also have addressed
variable spending by adjusting our manufacturing and supply chain to align with the current demand
environment. We are taking a similar cost reduction approach in this area, ensuring that we treat our
employees with compassion and partnering with our suppliers to provide the right flexibility.

We also are protecting inventory of our highest-volume SKUs until we get a sense of the demand
progression across the coming months and quarters. We will be leveraging the operations excellence
principles in the SBD operating model to ensure we remain agile and efficient, carrying only the levels of
working capital required.

As we think about scenario planning in various models, as a reminder, we historically have seen
decremental margins around 40% prior to any cost-cutting actions across our businesses. This is a good
starting assumption as you plan various demand scenarios.

As I said earlier, we are planning for a U-shaped recovery, with a few bumps likely. And with our cost
actions, we believe we can limit the decremental margins to low to mid-20s this year, and better than that
across the 12-month period. We currently believe Q2 will likely be the deepest decremental margin as we
face steep revenue declines and the cost-cutting actions will not see a full quarter impact.

So I've given you quite a bit of detail on how we are tackling the next 12 months. Beyond that time frame
by design, there will be a snapback in some of these costs if we are in a better demand environment. In
fact, if we find out that we are in a V-shaped recovery in the coming quarters, we may choose to put some
of the spending back in place. However, if we find ourselves in an L-shaped recovery, where volume stays
depressed for a longer period of time, we will make these actions permanent.

We believe we are taking the appropriate actions given the current environment and trying to prepare
ourselves for a range of outcomes that gives us the right level of flexibility to react to the recovery in
whichever manner it comes.

So now we'll move to Slide 11 and talk about our past performance in previous recessions. In an effort
to provide some additional context to our scenario planning, we want to share some information about
how we performed in past recessions. I say we, as Jim, myself and many members of the management
team were part of the senior leadership of the company during those time periods. Since we had a major
acquisition coming out of the '08, '09 recession, we have included both SWK and BDK in these metrics.
I will focus my comments primarily on 2008 and 2009. So from a top line perspective, peak-to-trough
pro forma organic sales declined 23%. Throughout the duration of the recessionary period, the average
quarterly organic sales decline was 13%, with the deepest quarterly decline being 24%. To get a sense
of how the business rebounded coming out of the housing-led recession, we looked at organic growth 2
quarters after the end of the recession, which returned with 12% growth.

Turning to profit. In both recessions presented on this page, entering the down cycle, decremental
margins approximated 40% before cost cutting, which is consistent with what I laid out earlier. However,
we did our best to proactively cut costs during both periods and limited peak-to-trough decrementals to
low double digits at SWK in 2001 and to the high teens for the combined company in 2008 and 2009.

At this point, we have limited visibility to the potential length and the depth of the current environment.
However, we are approaching this situation, drawing on the experience from the past and trying to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

replicate a track record of performance during downturns. We feel our approach has served us well to
make sure we do what we can to remain agile and resilient as we manage the uncertainty and come out of
this crisis stronger, prepared to find more organic and inorganic growth opportunities.

Let's now move to Slide 12 and give an update on liquidity. So a quick update on our liquidity and balance
sheet. At the end of Q1, we had approximately $1.7 billion of outstanding commercial paper. This is a line
with normal seasonality we typically see this time of year.

We don't have any long-term maturities coming due until December of 2021, which is $400 million.

The next maturity is $754 million in 2022, with the remainder of our long-term maturities in 2026 and
beyond.

Available liquidity starts with approximately $1 billion of cash on hand as of quarter end. Leveraging our
strong investment-grade credit rating, we have had and continue to have uninterrupted access to the
commercial paper market since the crisis began. We have about $1.3 billion of available capacity on our $3
billion CP program. Finally, with the successful remarketing of the 2017 preferred equity units in May, we
have the opportunity for an additional $750 million of liquidity.

As you can see, we have significant flexibility from a liquidity standpoint, with a total potential of $3.1
billion all-in as of the end of the quarter.

Backing up our robust commercial paper program is $3 billion of revolving credit facilities, which are
backed by well capitalized -- by a well-capitalized diversified banking group. You may have seen in our 8-K
that we issued last night, announcing that we have modified the covenant on these facilities to now carry
an EBITDA-to-interest ratio of greater than 2.5x, with certain onetime expenses excluded from the ratio
through 2021. This proactive and prudent action preserves access to liquidity and gives us the flexibility in
a period that will carry higher charges related to our cost program.

From a capital deployment perspective, the priority is debt repayment and in turn, achieving our leverage
targets. To ensure we maintain our strong liquidity position and deliver on our capital allocation priorities,
we've initiated additional capital conservation actions which includes significant reductions in 2020, capital
expenditures and a temporary suspension of M&A and share repurchase activity.

So as we move to Slide 13 to summarize all this information. We just covered a lot of ground here, so I'll
spend a moment to summarizing a few key points for 2020. We are continuing to suspend our guidance
for now and are experiencing substantial revenue declines early in the second quarter, as I mentioned,
which we currently expect will represent the trough quarter for the year. From a revenue perspective,
our planning models assume the potential for a 35% to 45% second quarter revenue decline, with the
month-to-date April results tracking in that neighborhood. The future is dependent on countries getting
control of the health crisis as all of us know. We have modeled multiple scenarios and currently assume
sequential improvement as we move through the year with a full year range of 15% to 30% revenue
decline, depending on the shape and the timing of the recovery, as I discussed. Decremental margins, pre
cost-cutting should be 40%, and our cost reductions will attempt to minimize that impact down to the low
to mid-20s.

From a cost structure perspective, we had $180 million of savings included in our Q4 '19 cost reduction
and are adding an additional $500 million to that in 2020.

Tariffs and FX are currently expected to be $150 million headwind, with $60 million of that behind us in
the first quarter.

From a cash perspective, our focus is capital conservation and deleveraging, as I mentioned. With that
comes capital expenditure reductions and temporary suspension of M&A and share purchase -- repurchase
activity.

Finally, expect us to target expanding working capital terms versus the prior year. The demand
environment will dictate if we see a cash flow positive from working capital liquidation. But as of now, we
want to preserve sufficient working capital levels to capitalize on recovery when it presents itself.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

As you can see, it's a complex situation. We've never seen this type of humanitarian crisis in our lifetime.
But we can draw on our vast experiences where we have successfully navigated this company through 177
years of ups and downs. Our team is actively engaged in managing everything within our control, while
also contributing where we can to helping mitigate the spread of this terrible pandemic.

Thank you, and I will now turn it back to Jim.

James M. Loree
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Don. It would be easy to lose sight of the opportunities that arise during moments like this, given
all the detail and difficult actions that we're taking, will continue to take. But I also want to emphasize that
we continue to execute on a number of outstanding growth catalysts that we believe will position us to
perform in this difficult market environment and beyond. The iconic Craftsman brand rollout continues to
have a strong customer response. Excellent growth, and we remain well on our path towards the $1 billion
marker. This brand is well positioned to capture the DIY and value-oriented professional growing market in
North America.

Our innovation machine is a strategic differentiator and enables us to generate share gain with a steady
stream of innovation that we bring to the marketplace across our businesses. More specifically, our recent
series of DEWALT product breakthroughs, including FLEXVOLT, ATOMIC and XTREME, have been well
received by end users and now account for more than $0.5 billion of revenue, with a healthy growth rate
at least pre-COVID-19.

And then lastly, we are the tools industry leader in e-commerce with 2019 online revenues of $1.3 billion.
And this global opportunity has outstanding potential for rapid growth in today's environment and in the
years to come. And during the last couple of years, we very methodically expanded this program from a
North American-focused e-commerce platform to a globally focused platform with strength in many, many
markets around the world. It's going to be a huge advantage for us going forward.

And then of course, during 2019, we closed on that 20% stake in MTD, a leading outdoor power
equipment manufacturer based in Ohio. This is an exciting opportunity for us to increase our presence in
both the gas and electric outdoor power equipment market.

So there's a lot to be excited about, and our growth teams are not sitting still. We know that when -- this
crisis has the potential to create sweeping changes in consumer behavior, end user needs and business
model requirements. Multiple new growth opportunities will arise from this, and we are prioritizing
resources to ensure that we're in a position to capitalize on them.

So in closing, COVID-19 has presented us with the first great challenge of the 2020s. And within this
uncertain environment, we've aligned our organization around key priorities: health and safety of our
employees and supply chain partners being #1; business continuity and financial strength; serving our
customers and doing our part to help mitigate the impact of the virus. We were in a strong position going
into the crisis and are taking the necessary actions to stay strong during the crisis and to emerge from
it even stronger. Our commitment to safety is rock solid. Our businesses have operated continuously
since the inception of the crisis. Our financial strength and liquidity is in great shape, and our $1 billion
cost reduction and efficiency program has been carefully designed to support financial stability and
performance in whatever demand scenario emerges. The vast majority of our customers are either open
for business or planning to reopen in the coming weeks. Our growth catalysts are alive and well, and we
are doing what we can to support our people and our communities around the globe.

So it is with both realism about the present and cautious optimism about the future that we have the
resources, the experience, the strength and the mindset to take on the first great challenge of the 2020s.
And we're now ready for Q&A, Dennis.

Dennis M. Lange
Vice President of Investor Relations
Great. Thanks, Jim. Shannon, we can now open the call to Q&A, please.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Thanks for all details. That's really helpful, and the context around what you expect for 2Q and the full
year is very helpful, not all companies are doing that. So much appreciated. We'll take a lot of the details
off-line with Dennis. But in terms of the cost savings, can you just confirm? I think the answer is yes, but
this is additive to the cost savings in train right now. So this is $500 million plus $200 million, so it's more
like $700 million of cost reduction this year.

And then the second part of the question is, given it's $1 billion of annualized savings, $500 million for the
full year, that really this is second half and not much of this falls into 2Q.

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I'll provide a little clarity on that. So the $500 million in 2020 related to the $1 billion program is in
addition to the actions that we took in Q4 of '19. So that's correct.

As it relates to the timing, what I said in my very long script was that $500 million for the year, we think
$375 million of that will be in the back half. And so that obviously gets you about $125 million in the
second quarter. And so that's kind of how it lays out.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

I guess a multipart one for me also. Could you provide a little color on how the manufacturing footprint
realignment plays into this, specifically thinking the shift out of China, the U.S.? And if I could squeeze a
second part in. With sell-out so strong, how long do you think the home centers can actually draw down
inventory before they actually have to kind of hit the reset button and start ordering on the other side?

James M. Loree
President, CEO & Director

Okay. I'll take the second part of your questions first because I think a lot depends on the POS. I
mean we're seeing some eye-popping numbers on a weekly basis in a couple of the places. And if that
continues, there will be some replenishment that would be advisable no later than the third month of
this quarter, June. So it's really their decision. They make those decisions and how they want to play
their inventory, I can completely understand the challenge they have trying to balance the opportunity
that might be out there, but not -- but they don't know for sure versus the risk of getting stuck with a
significant inventory problem if the -- all of a sudden, those trends change. So it's just a balancing act,
and it's a tight wire one at that.

As far as the manufacturing footprint, it's an interesting question because with virtually 98% of our
salaried population stuck in their homes working virtually, it's hard to really execute on these types
of projects, in addition to the fact that they can't travel. So there's a travel ban in place. Like most
companies, we have a complete ban on travel that has very few, if any, exceptions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

So there will be some delays in the footprint program until we're able to travel and that sort of thing. But I
think we're talking probably months in terms of delays, but there will also be an acceleration because the
importance of the -- making the footprint happen even faster is amplified by the nature of the crisis. So
you end up with a lot of planning going on right now virtually. And then when we get into the execution,
we're going to try to accelerate. And the long story short, I think we're going to be looking at roughly the
same kind of 2- to 3-year time frame for the moves to be complete.

Operator

Our next question from Tim Wojs with Baird.

Timothy Ronald Wojs
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Appreciate all the details that you've provided. I also have kind of a 2-part question. Just how can -- I
guess, first, how are you balancing just R&D and innovation and growth investments? I guess specifically,
is that something that's been preserved and protected as you kind of made these cost reductions?

And then second, how should we think about balancing just both production and working capital? I guess
at this point, would you expect working capital to be more released than you thought prior to this? Or
would you expect it to carry that working capital just given the uncertainty around retail stocking levels?

James M. Loree
President, CEO & Director

I'll take the first part of your question. I'll give Don the second, even though I know the answer to it,
but...

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

I know the answer to the first too.

James M. Loree
President, CEO & Director

Fair enough, Don. We have largely protected any applied innovation. So there may be some theoretical
innovation that we've cut back a little bit on, but not much, not much. Some of the programs that are
still looking at 5 years out, 6 years, 7, 8, 9, 10 years out in terms of how some of these look like, the
construction industry will change and what the impact on our tool business would be and how we're going
to manage through all that. I mean that program, for example, is alive and well. And so we really -- when
you think about the nature of the comp and ben reductions, so many of them are -- in this are temporary.
70% are temporary. So we -- instead of maybe working 5 days on a project, we're working 4, for a period
of time. I think that's the way to think about it.

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. On the operations side, I mean, we actually -- we gave a lot of thought to how we ramp down the
labor force and manufacturing and distribution and in particular, in tools. I mean in Engineered Fastening,
it was fairly straightforward because you had OEMs shutting down, and we basically would shut our plant
down in a similar correlation, and then we'll ramp up a little bit in advance of them ramping up. So it's
fairly straightforward from that perspective.

But on the tools side, it's a little more complex, especially in North America in that we have 2 major --
several major customers in retail that are continuing to perform. And as we talked about earlier, the POS
is very strong through the first 4 weeks of April. So we did a planning assumption around our second
quarter revenue decline, but we didn't reduce production to that level. We actually reduced production to a
more modified view of that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

So if you look at the maybe tools being down somewhere 35% to 45% in Q2, like the company, we were
probably somewhere between 0, and 35% to 40% is where we cut back production. And so we recognize
the importance of continuing to serve those customers, but also making sure we're prepared as things
start to accelerate maybe in June or in the third quarter, whatever the timing is, we're prepared for that.
And given our supply chain with some of the lead times we have, we have to make sure that we strike that
right balance, which we will carry a little higher level of inventory probably through Q2 into Q3 and maybe
longer. But I think we're striking the right balance to ensure that we meet our customers' needs now and
going forward, but also ensure that we get the right dollar value out of working capital performance in
2020.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.

Michael Jason Rehaut
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congrats on all your efforts so far managing the challenging backdrop. First question -- or I guess my
only question, but I do have a clarification question as well, if I could. But the core question is just also
around some granularity on the cost reduction program. Just trying to understand that relative to the
prior margin resiliency efforts, you had noted that is inclusive of the $100 million to $150 million that you
were expecting to realize this year. I was curious if the next 2 years that would overall encompass the
total number of $300 million to $500 million, if that remaining portions are also included in this $1 billion
program. Or if that's still kind of years out.

And then in terms of the clarification, I was hoping -- there were a few different numbers in terms of the
sell-in and the sell-out on North American retail. I was hoping if you could just kind of review for April and
March -- March and April so far, what you've seen, just roughly what you had in terms of sell-in and sell-
out.

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

So for the sell-in, sell-out. So for March, the POS, as I mentioned in my script was flat, relatively flat. The
POS in April is up low double digits, so it's very strong. And the sell-in that we're seeing in the month of
April is consistent with what I showed on that chart, which for Tools & Storage is in that ballpark of the 2Q
range I mentioned, probably trending towards the lower end of that range. So that gives you a sense of
those aspects.

As far as the cost reduction goes, I mean, if we reflect back to the January earnings call, we talked about
having $100 million and $150 million of margin resiliency initiatives that weren't in our guidance. They
were just there as a contingency, things we were going to execute on as new headwinds came our way. So
clearly, some big headwinds have come our way, much bigger than anyone anticipated for us and many in
the rest of the world.

But when you think about what those opportunities were in margin resiliency, they were things around
higher levels of procurement savings due to utilizing technology and certain tools to drive that value,
using Industry 4.0 technologies around automation and data analytics, artificial intelligence that will drive
more value to our manufacturing footprint and eventually into our supply base as well. Those things
are not driving a lot of value in the $1 billion. So those 2 buckets, in particular, were a large part of our
margin resiliency program. There were other aspects around indirect and a few other things like functional
transformation. Functional transformation will continue to move forward, and that will be part -- that
will be a value driver for the next 2 to 4 years depending on the function. Indirect, yes, we're probably
pushing a lot of that right now in the next 12 months. But what we need margin resiliency for is to help us
sustain that savings going forward. Because right now, what we're doing is really brute force.

So that's a long-winded answer to your question, but I still think there's a very big opportunity for margin
resiliency out there when you think about those different categories. And then there's a sustaining aspect

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

around indirect. That really helps us keep that significant number that we're getting in the $1 billion
program in our P&L, so it doesn't pop up in a very large way in the coming year or 2.

James M. Loree
President, CEO & Director

And as you can imagine, we really haven't had the opportunity to get into a tremendous amount of detail
ourselves as we work through this crisis on that particular question, really just trying to find every cost
savings opportunity we could find, and we'll do the -- we'll go back and do the detailed analysis over
the next couple of weeks. And probably in the next earnings call, we'll give you a little more granularity
around the answer to that question. But as you can see from what Don said, it's partial, basically, partially
included, partially not and more to come later.

Operator

Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

My first question is just really around the free cash flow. You spent a lot of time discussing the sales and
earnings trends, and Slide 10 was very helpful in that regard for historical context. Just wondered what
the historical context was around the free cash flow in downturns and how you think it might be similar or
different in this current downturn.

And then my clarification would just be around you talked about decrementals all-in this time of, I think,
low to mid-20s this year. That's a bit heavier than the last 2 downturns on Slide 10. Is that simply because
of the tariff and currency costs? Or is it more about just the sort of starting point, i.e., the notion that this
downturn could carry on into next year?

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure, Julian. It's really timing. And -- but I know I said a lot of things in my script, but as I went
through that low kind of 20s for 2020, I said, what I also said is when we look at the full 12 months going
into 2021, we actually think we'll get better than that. So hopefully, we get very close to the high teens
number that we saw in the 2008 and 2009 period. What was the first question you had?

Dennis M. Lange
Vice President of Investor Relations

Free cash flow.

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

Oh, free cash flow. Yes. So free cash flow in a recession has actually, from a conversion point of view,
performed very well. It can obviously get impacted by the charges that you put through your net income,
you tend to get a good working capital benefit in a recessionary period. Now this might be a little different.
We're trying to manage that, as I mentioned in my presentation, with the right balance because we
want to ensure we have enough inventory if the recovery is very quick. And we didn't face that type of
challenge as we went through the recession because we didn't expect quick recoveries. We expected very
slow recoveries.

This is a different scenario where you could see a V, or in our case, we've modeled the U, and that might
be a scenario where stronger growth comes later versus in the short term. And so I think we have to
strike that right balance to ensure that we don't go overboard in working capital. But overall, I would
expect conversion to be strong given the historical dynamics we've seen.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I'll try to keep it to a mere 17-part question for mine. Just going back, Jim, to the point you made, or
I think it might have been Don about not just the sell-in versus sell-out, but more that the pros aren't
working right now. What do you think those job site closures are costing you? Because I guess New York
City and Northern California, I think, are opening in real time right now for construction sites. So maybe
some light at the end of the tunnel there, if you wouldn't mind sizing that. And that's all I had.

James M. Loree
President, CEO & Director

Well, it's interesting to think about it because the pros do a fair amount of shopping at home centers.
And so I think that we're probably seeing is this DIY phenomenon is probably a lot bigger than we
suspect because there's a big negative, I suspect, coming from the pros. They're just not stopping in the
contractor's desk as much as they used to right now because the projects aren't active. And so it's hard to
pinpoint exactly what that difference could be because we don't really know how big the DIY impact is. But
I think to ballpark it, it's probably in the single digits, for sure, but probably mid low single digits would be
my -- negative impact would be my guess, but it's a guess.

Operator

Our next question comes from Markus Mittermaier with UBS.

Markus Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Thanks for all the scenario announced, it's very helpful. One question quickly on your base case. You
talked a lot about decrementals. What I'm wondering is on the other side, given that you, I think,
mentioned in your prepared remarks, indirect cost and deflation is about 60% of the cost out. How does
that compare to the past? And what would that mean for incrementals? Because if that is 60% of total
cost out, incrementals should be quite interesting. Is that sort of like in a U-shaped base case recovery
that you've outlined?

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think it's -- you're right, it obviously depends on what type of recovery we see. If we see a very
rapid V recovery in the back half of this year, then the incrementals will change because we will be adding
that cost. We have 70% of our comp and benefits costs that we've kind of called temporary at this point,
which is 40% of our $1 billion. And we probably wouldn't add it all back, but we'll add some of that back
because we have modified workweeks and furloughs and things like that, that are happening with the
salaried part of our company. And so that would clearly have a governing impact on incrementals as we
grow.

That being said, there's a lot of things we can do to continue to drive productivity. We touched on margin
resiliency earlier in the question we had from Michael. And those are types of initiatives that have been
on a little bit on hold for a period of time, but they are beginning to re-energize themselves going
forward to create the value that we think is there. And so I actually think the incrementals will see a bit
of a governing impact in that recovery. But I think it's something we can manage, too, so it's not too
significant.

In a longer period of recovery, where it's a U or even an L, we will be working to make that $1 billion
as permanent as possible, which means we could take some of the temporary things and make them
permanent or we could take alternative actions to replace some of those temporary things over time.
Because if we see that type of recovery, where we have a bumpy performance for multiple quarters going
into next year, then we're going to probably take the approach of how do we really make the vast majority
of that permanent, which would not impact incrementals once we got into a growth mode.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So I just wanted to ask on pricing, how pricing trended through the end of the quarter into April. And
if you're seeing more promotional activity from peers. And whether or not you guys are doing more
promotional activity to drive POS in the North America retail channel.

James M. Loree
President, CEO & Director

In this environment, promotional activity does not make a tremendous amount of sense. So all the
price that you're seeing is pretty much coming from programmatic price, pretty largely from the margin
resiliency program because we're not in there implementing across-the-board price increases in a
deflationary environment.

And so we're also getting some carryover from pricing that we did from the earlier price increases on the
tariff and other related inflation. But no new pricing actions other than maybe more surgical ones that are
based on analytics and things like that, that are being utilized in the margin resiliency program.

Operator

Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

I hope you're all well, and echo everybody else's comments. Great detail on the call today. Just one
question. Just going back to Slide 8 and the trends that you're expecting in 2Q. So I think the way to
think through this, auto and aero probably already down more than that number for 2Q. And then the
commentary around Tools & Storage, it is really interesting to hear point of sales up double digits. But the
sell-in, if I heard Don's comments correctly, is the sell-in already at that 2Q number with an expectation
that it will remain there unless point of sale becomes -- stays as strong as it is? Is that the right way to
think about it?

James M. Loree
President, CEO & Director

That's pretty much the right way to think about it.

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

The right way to think about it. The sell-in is right in that range of Q2 right now for Tools North America.

Operator

Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research.

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

If I could just ask a related question to the last one. I know you've given a tremendous amount of detail
both on how you're managing it on the short term. There's disruption in supply chains globally. If there is
a call for more sell-in into the home centers, is there a chance that that's just disrupted, and therefore,
you miss out on some sales? Or do you feel like you've had a handle on that? And then I just don't know
-- again, you give more detail than normal, which is very helpful. What's the normal sell-in process? I
don't know whether the up doubles and the down is just -- there's some seasonality to this, obviously, or
whether all else equal, you'd be expecting a much stronger sell-in towards the end of the quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

James M. Loree
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean we have a keen appreciation for the opportunity cost of not being prepared for a spike in
orders from the home centers in particular. And there -- I would say there's -- supply chain approaches
are somewhat different, but the general rhythm would be kind of monthly. We've gone to a weekly
rhythm, and in some cases, a daily rhythm, monitoring the in and the out. And it is a very, very significant
opportunity for us. And so actually, as it turns out, we have -- and Don alluded to this, but we have
actually programmed the inventory side -- our inventory builds, if you will, to deal with the possibility
that there could be an increase in sell-in in terms of orders later in the quarter. Normally, the -- there is
probably substantially more orders in the second week -- second month of the quarter for shipping in the
third month. However, it remains to be seen if that's going to occur this time around. But I think it's one of
these things that we're just managing on a real-time basis. And we're in contact with the customers, and
we're monitoring the sell-out. And at some point, those 2 things have to kind of equal each other.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Zener with KeyBanc.

Kenneth Robinson Zener
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

The 2Q thoughts, I'm sure you've been working on the weekend here. I think you laid out 2Q pretty clear,
but your base case growth rates for the second half. I'm interested, does the second half base case -- I
mean, does that imply -- are you implying 4Q is up there? And I asked relative to your comments around
the 40% leverage, a; and then, b, how that $375 million split, does it -- the majority of that fall into 3Q?
Because if it's up -- I guess that's what I'm looking at, your base. Is that 4Q sales up? And is that $375
million savings split equally 3Q or 4Q?

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So the base case assumes, as you -- let's start with the cost, yes, $375 million, which would actually
be a significant impact to moderating those decrementals of 40%. And that's how we get ourselves to the
low 20s as we see that impact in the back half of the year. As far as the revenue performance goes, by the
time we get to Q4 in our base case, we're kind of anywhere from flat to slightly down. And that's really
where we are. And then you can do the math for what Q3 would be based on that. We're not assuming
growth right now in our base case in the fourth quarter because it is a U shape, but we'll see. There's
still a lot to occur going forward, and we'll have certainly a lot more color as we get to July for our next
earnings call, where we are, but we kind of planned a scenario that would be difficult, which is why we
went after the $1 billion of cost. But we did it in a way that gave us the flexibility that both Jim and I have
described over the last hour or so.

Operator

Our next question comes from Justin Speer with Zelman & Associates.

Justin A. Speer
Zelman & Associates LLC

Just a question on raw materials. I think you said $6 billion of materials and input supplies about --
roughly 70% of your cost of goods sold are raw materials and inputs. I guess just trying to understand
what percentage decline you're planning in that cost basket this year simply based on the collapse in
commodities in your broader plan. And is there anything beyond that deflation that's in that cost savings
bucket? And then secondly, how should we think about pricing integrity across the business for the year in
this type of environment just looking beyond the near-term pricing dynamics?

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Yes. I think on the commodity front, we have a really nice opportunity to pursue as a result of the much
lower global demand and the way the prices of commodities have adjusted in the last month or so. And
that opportunity is now. We're really trying to make that happen in the next 30 to 60 days with all our
respective suppliers in those categories. When I think about the $1 billion opportunity and 60% of it is
a combination of indirect and commodity deflation, probably a good way to think about that is it's going
to be anywhere from 2/3 is indirect to maybe 55% indirect, and kind of in that range and the difference
will be commodity deflation. That kind of sizes it for you for this year, and then we'll see how we progress
throughout the remainder of the year.

Operator

Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to
Dennis Lange for closing remarks.

Dennis M. Lange
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Shannon. We'd like to thank everyone for calling in this morning and for your participation on
the call. Obviously, please contact me if you have any further questions. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

