Synchrony Financial NYSE:SYF
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 20, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.69

0.63

(8.70 %)

0.93

2.45

3.04

Revenue  (mm)

2778.13

2689.00

(3.21 %)

2918.00

11510.00

12261.34

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-20-2020 12:15 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.07

0.57

0.20

0.69

1.10

0.45

0.06

0.63

SURPRISE

2.80 %

(21.05 %)

(70.00 %)

(8.70 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian D. Doubles
President

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Gregory Ketron;Managing
Director of Investor Relations

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

John Hecht
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Mihir Bhatia
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Vincent Albert Caintic
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Synchrony Financial Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
My name is Brandon, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this
conference is being recorded.

I will now turn the call over to Greg Ketron. You may begin, sir.

Gregory Ketron;Managing Director of Investor Relations

Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. Thanks
for joining us.

In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to
address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules and presentation are available on
our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations
section of the website.

Before we get started, I wanted to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking
statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty, and actual results could differ
materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which
are available on our website.

During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company's performance.
You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's
call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our
earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third-parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on
our website.

On the call this morning are Margaret Keane, Brian Wenzel and Brian Doubles. I will now turn the call over
to Margaret.

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. With the global health crisis still looming and continued
racial injustice, there is a continued disruption to our lives, businesses and the economy. As we continue
to respond as a company, we have put people at the forefront of our decision, and I'm extremely proud
of our actions to address these crises. We've made thoughtful forward-looking decisions to support our
employees and families, our customers, our partners, our communities and our shareholders.

Using agile principles, we have realigned and reimagined the way we work, quickly advancing our most
important cultural and business priorities, including the successful launch of 2 new important programs in
the midst of a pandemic. Using safety and maximum flexibility for employees as a backdrop, all of our U.S.
employees can now permanently work from home. Doing so has also allowed us to transform our physical
footprint. We have reduced the size of some of our sites and closing other sites entirely.

These changes stem from our employees' desire to work from home. Their productivity in this
environment will help us drive long-term efficiency and profitability of our business. As part of this effort,
today, we announced a restructuring charge of $89 million in the third quarter, which encompasses our
new site footprint strategy. We are also being thoughtful, targeted and aggressive on our cost structure as
we move forward, allowing us to continue our focus and investment in future growth.

Digital innovation is paramount to the success of our program. Consumers are rapidly adopting
technologies that enable contactless commerce, and we are responding to ensure our partners are well
positioned for this rapidly evolving dynamic. Deep technology investments have enabled the company

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

to respond quickly to partners and cardholders with resources to help them adapt to the challenges
of this new environment. We are providing enhanced, innovative digital solutions for our partners and
cardholders, further strengthening our market position. Brian Doubles will cover some of our recent digital
innovation shortly.

Shifting quickly to change how we are operating our business, where we are allocating capital and making
investments is essential to our current and future success. We are confident that these actions and our
long-term strategy will make us stronger and even more competitive as we manage through the economic
cycle caused by the pandemic.

I'll now turn specifically to our third quarter results and some of our recent successes, which are outlined
on Slide 3. Earnings were $313 million or $0.52 per diluted share. This includes the restructuring charge
of $89 million or $67 million after-tax, which equates to an EPS reduction of $0.11. This also includes an
increase in provision for credit losses as a result of the CECL implementation this year, which was $66
million or $50 million after-tax, which reduced EPS by $0.09.

The pandemic has continued to impact results this quarter. Brian Wenzel will provide details on the trends
later in the call, and I will provide a high-level overview here. On a core basis, which excludes Walmart
and the Yamaha portfolios, the impact of COVID-19 drove a 5% decrease in loan receivables and a 12%
decrease in interest and fees. Purchase volume was flat and average active accounts decreased 8%. The
efficiency ratio was 39.7% for the quarter.

As a result of our liquidity and funding strategy in response to the COVID-19 impact on our balance sheet,
deposits were down $2.5 billion or 4% versus last year. This includes a strategic decision to slow overall
deposit growth, given the excess liquidity we have. Total deposits comprised 80% of funding, and our
direct deposit platform remains an important funding source. Our ability to service and provide digital
tools to customers makes our bank attractive to depositors, and we will continue to build out additional
capabilities. During the quarter, we returned $129 million in capital through common stock dividends.

We also extended several programs and added new partnerships, which you can see on the slide. One of
our most notable renewals is with Sam's Club. We are very pleased to extend our strategic partnership
with a new multiyear agreement that builds upon our 25-year credit card relationship. The extension
enhances rewards and drives incremental value for members and small businesses, and we continue
to bridge the digital and physical experiences with innovative payment technologies. We have also
successfully launched the Venmo program, and Brian Doubles will provide more detail shortly. We are
pleased with the strength of our business, our ability to win programs and launch innovative new products
and our capacity to rapidly adapt to ensure that we are well positioned to continue to help our cardholders
and partners navigate these challenging times.

I'm now going to turn the call over to Brian Doubles to discuss Venmo and our accelerating digital and
product innovation.

Brian D. Doubles
President

Thanks, Margaret. I will spend a few minutes talking about the exciting launch of our Venmo program. We
are pleased to deepen our long-standing relationship with PayPal and Venmo with the launch of the first-
ever Venmo card. The card unlocks new ways for Venmo's community of more than 60 million customers
to shop, share split purchases and earn cash back everywhere Visa credit cards are accepted. Together
with Venmo, our open-banking APIs offer a seamless payment experience for users. Venmo customers can
easily apply, buy and manage their account right inside the Venmo app.

Another card enhancement is the inclusion of a personalized QR code on the card itself, which can be
scanned with a mobile phone camera to activate the card or in the Venmo app by friends to send a
payment or split purchases. The card also sets a new standard in the industry through its intelligent, auto-
personalized rewards program. The innovative dynamic rewards experience maximizes opportunities to
earn cashback. Each month, customers automatically earn cash back on the categories where they spend
the most, with the top-spend categories changing based on the customers' monthly spending habits.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

In addition to many other features that facilitate a seamless contact experience, the Venmo credit card
provides customers an easy way to manage their card and spending right in the mobile app. Customers
can track activity organized by spending categories, split and share purchases, view cashback status,
make payments, configure alerts, manage their credit card and more, all in the app.

Lastly, we are also delivering a scalable platform that engages customers with real-time notifications
at every stage of their experience with our new Venmo program. We are introducing card controls
that empower customers to set rules to manage their account in the way that fits them best, including
spending limits, geographical limits and credit lines. Adoption of card controls increases loyalty and top-
of-wallet use for our partners and demonstrate Synchrony's social responsibility platform of promoting
financial well-being.

We brought together the best of both worlds, combining PayPal and Venmo's digital innovation with
Synchrony's digital and industry expertise. That makes a difference when it comes to deeply engaging with
users, from increasing credit line assignments, to providing more personalized offers, to reducing fraud.
PayPal and Venmo continue to transform the payment experience for consumers, and we're proud to be
their partner of choice.

Next, I will spend a few minutes on our recent digital and product innovation. The digital transformation
has been well underway for several years. However, the pandemic has drastically accelerated the adoption
of the technology that enables the digital shopping experience, particularly as it relates to the digital
integration at the point of sale and contactless payment. The fact that consumers are seeking and rapidly
adopting contactless solutions is creating greater demand for our partners to deliver safe and efficient
shopping experiences and to provide attractive financing options at the point of sale.

We are well positioned to address these evolving behaviors. Our agile approach has enabled us to support
our partners as they strive to quickly meet these new demands. We have continued to invest in our
digital assets and capabilities, quickly recognizing in the early days of the pandemic that we needed to
accelerate many of our efforts to support our partners as they continue their digital transformation. We
have reallocated resources and agile teams to fast-track key digital initiatives for our partners.

Among the most critical digital innovations is one that is empowering fast and simple integration for our
partners. Our next-generation native software development kit, or SDK, for partner integration. Rooted
in user testing and research, the new patented SyPI technology offers a modern look and feel and allows
our users to seamlessly apply, manage, pay and redeem rewards without ever leaving the partner's native
app.

Further enabling ease of integration for our partners is our expansive application programming interface,
or API platform, for full credit life cycle capabilities. We offer a full suite of servicing APIs, with account
and card management, accompanied by APIs powering the apply-and-buy experience digitally and at the
point of sale. Giving customers choice at the point of sale is also critical, and we continue to invest and
develop in order to meet customer demand. To complement our existing revolving credit offerings, we
have rolled out an installment product called SetPay. We are currently in-market with multiple payment
solutions partners, and we'll be continuing to expand in 2021.

To further enhance the contactless cardholder experience, we are also leveraging QR code technology.
Using this technology, cards can be activated by scanning a QR code from the partner's app, or in the
case of Venmo, a QR code printed on the plastic can be scanned to initiate sending a payment or to split
purchases. In CareCredit, we have customized QR codes at providers' offices, which directs the patient to
apply for a CareCredit account in the comfort of their own device. We also have the ability to deliver a safe
and easy way for customers to pay in-store and at the point of sale without needing the physical card,
through barcodes delivered via SyPI within the retailer's app. The current technology has been enabled in
the Lowe's app and is driving sales and app downloads.

Further, we are bringing in-store experience to a customer's personal device for applications and
payments. We have a patent-pending technology that provides an efficient contactless experience for
customers using their own smartphones. The technology enables the transfer of data between the
business and customers' mobile devices in-store. For example, if a customer shops in-store and wants to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

open a line of credit, the business can send the application to the customer's mobile device through e-
mail or QR code. The direct-to-device technology was brought to market with our Verizon card earlier this
summer, and we are working with our partners to scale this innovation across industries.

We are also integrating our financing offers throughout the entire digital shopping experience. In today's
world, consumers enter websites on their own terms via a multitude of entry points, and every page is
essentially now a landing page. Content, including access to credit and financing options, need to be
optimized to drive conversion for our partners and connect the audience to the information needed to
make an educated purchase and financing decision.

We've had a long tradition of credit integration within the homepage of our larger clients, and have
continued to invest in best practices for path-to-purchase site integration. We've increased presence
across the shopping journey with prominent placement of the financing offer on product pages, the
shopping cart and during the checkout process. These digital solutions allow the consumer to engage
in financing at the point in which they are making a purchase decision and significantly increases the
sales conversion rate for our partners. We are complementing these leading digital integrations with
path-to-purchase data analytics and research by industry. This data, inclusive of heat mapping the user
experience, helps our clients identify where consumers are seeking information on financing and credit and
has resulted in increasing conversion rates and applications.

We will continue to invest in our digital capabilities as they are paramount to driving digital sales
penetration, an increasingly important component to the success of our program. In Retail Card, digital
sales penetration was 47% in the third quarter, and digital applications were approximately 60% of our
total applications. The mobile channel alone grew 29% compared to the same quarter last year, excluding
Walmart. Further, more than 65% of total payments made on our cardholders' accounts are done digitally.
We are committed to providing partners and customers with enhanced innovative digital options from
applying on their own devices, provisioning a new card into their digital wallet, transacting with contactless
cards and making payments. Customers will continue to adapt to this new way of commerce, and we are
committed to providing the digital and product innovations to support this evolution.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brian Wenzel.

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As Margaret said earlier, we are determined to keep our
employees safe and help our partners, customers and communities succeed during this difficult time.
Despite continued uncertainty and volatility, we are grounded and guided by our values, and I'm so
proud of how our people have continually shown resilience, dedication and empathy to helping those
we serve. As always, I also want to thank those who are helping to keep us safe and healthy during this
unprecedented time.

Now I'll turn to our financial results for the third quarter. I'll start on Slide 6 of the presentation. First, I
want to cover some of the trends we are seeing from the impact of COVID-19 from a purchase volume
standpoint and thought it was important to provide an update on the performance of accounts that
received forbearance. Slide 6 shows year-over-year purchase volume growth for the total company and
by platform dating back to January. As noted in our second quarter earnings call, purchase volume growth
was strong for the total company and by platform with double-digit growth in January and February,
leading into March.

As we moved through March and government restrictions increased, travel, entertainment and many
discretionary activities were significantly curtailed, and a high number of nonessential businesses were
closed. There was also a significant curtailment of elective healthcare services. As a result, purchase
volume decreased significantly, with April declining 27% for the total company. And looking at April by
sales platform, Retail Card declined 21%, Payment Solutions declined 41% and CareCredit declined
60%. CareCredit was impacted the most with a significant decrease in spending for elective and planned
procedures in dental and medical services during this period.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

Retail Card performed better due to the higher concentration of digital volume as well as having programs
that benefited from an increase in spending for essential products, such as grocery, supplies and home-
related expenditures. As consumers became more comfortable under stay-at-home orders and reopening
of businesses continued over the summer and into the fall, we saw a recovery of purchase volume as we
moved through the second and third quarters. In September, overall purchase volume increased 5% over
the prior year and each of the 3 sales platforms saw a significant recovery in purchase volumes from the
April trough, with Retail Card up 7%, CareCredit up 5% and Payment Solutions down only 4% compared
to a year ago.

Looking at some of the other key business drivers for the quarter. New accounts declined 17%, a
significant improvement over the second quarter, where new accounts declined by 36%. The decline in
new accounts, while improving, does reflect the impact of the crisis as well as underwriting refinements
we implemented. Purchase volume by account increased by 8% during the quarter, again, a significant
improvement from the 8% decline in the second quarter. There was also a 4% increase in the average
balance per account due to the combination of portfolio mix from our digital and retail partners as well as
lower volume on new accounts.

While we're encouraged by these trends, there's a tremendous amount of uncertainty ahead, including
whether further stimulus measures will be enacted and when industry-wide forbearance actions fully
abate. However, our business mix, which includes a strong digital component as well as segments that are
positioned to benefit, such as home-related products and veterinary services, has helped to dampen some
of the effects of the economic downturn. The ultimate impact is still largely uncertain given the duration
and magnitude of the pandemic is still largely unknown at this point.

Moving to Slide 7. We highlight the impact and performance of accounts that were granted forbearance
compared to accounts not in forbearance. Through September 30, we granted minimum payment
forbearance to a cumulative total of approximately 2 million accounts or $3.8 billion in account balances at
the time of forbearance. We have seen approximately 94% of these accounts leave forbearance through
September 30, leaving approximately 119,000 accounts or $227 million account balances remaining in
forbearance. Through mid-October, these numbers have been relatively stable.

Of the accounts enrolled in forbearance, approximately 92% of the balances are either current or less than
30 days past due. When you look at some of the performance characteristics, you will see trends that are
not surprising. Credit line utilization is higher, payment rates are lower, and from a credit perspective,
59% of the enrollees had a FICO score of 660 or below. From a trend perspective, we continue to see a
substantial decline in the number of accounts enrolling in forbearance from a peak in late March to early
April, where we saw nearly 40,000 accounts enrolling per day to approximately 3,500 accounts per day in
September.

Looking at payment behavior for September, 66% of the accounts that enrolled in forbearance were
making payments. 8% of the accounts pay their balance in full, another 58% were making payments,
leaving 34% of the enrolled accounts not making payments. In looking at performance post-program,
we see a higher incident rate of accounts going delinquent in accounts that did not enter the forbearance
program. For accounts which were current at the time they entered the forbearance program, we see
those accounts entering delinquency post-program at a rate of 3.3x nonforbearance accounts. For
accounts which were delinquent when they entered the forbearance program, we see those accounts
entering delinquency post-program at a rate of 6.5x nonforbearance accounts.

It should be noted that the current status of these accounts is reflected in our delinquency statistics and
has not had a material impact on our 30-plus delinquency measures, which continued to improve during
the third quarter. I will cover delinquency performance later in the presentation. Our intention is to cease
enrolling accounts into or extending existing accounts in the forbearance program at the end of October
and stand ready to provide other forms of assistance to impacted cardholders. We will continue to closely
monitor the performance of accounts who receive benefits from the forbearance program.

Moving to the financial results on Slide 8. This morning, we reported third quarter earnings of $313 million
or $0.52 per diluted share. This included a restructuring charge related to our previously announced
strategic plan to evaluate our cost structure as a result of our shift in business mix and impact from the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

pandemic. The result was a series of actions, which included an exit or reduction in a number of our leased
properties and certain employee-related actions, both on a voluntary and involuntary basis. The charge
was recorded in the third quarter totaled $89 million or $67 million after-tax and reduced EPS by $0.11.
The increase in the provision for credit losses as a result of the implementation of CECL was $66 million or
$50 million after-tax, which reduced EPS by $0.09 in the third quarter.

COVID-19 continued to impact our growth in several areas, as noted on Slide 9. On a core basis, which
excludes the Walmart and Yamaha portfolios, loan receivables were down 5% and interest and fees
on loan receivables were down 12%. On a core basis, purchase volume was flat and average active
accounts were down 8% compared to last year. Dual and co-branded cards accounted for 36% of the
purchase volume in the third quarter and declined 5% from the prior year. On a loan receivable basis, they
accounted for 23% of the portfolio and declined 7% from the prior year.

As I noted earlier, the impact of COVID-19 moderated as we moved through the second and third quarter,
and specifically, 2 of our 3 sales platforms saw a year-over-year increase in September. While we're seeing
positive trending, the duration and magnitude of the pandemic is still largely unknown, and it remains
difficult to assess the stability and trends or provide a more precise forecast of the impact at this point.

RSAs decreased $117 million or 12% from last year. RSAs as a percentage of average receivables was
4.6% for the quarter, reflecting the seasonality we typically see in the third quarter as well as improved
performance in certain elements of the sharing arrangements from some programs, mainly significant
improvement in net charge-offs compared to last year. On a year-over-year basis, the RSA percent was
also impacted by the discontinuance of the Walmart program last year, which operated an RSA percentage
below the company average.

The provision for credit losses increased $191 million or 19% from last year. The increase is primarily
driven by the reserve increase for the projected impact of the COVID-19-related losses and the prior
year reserve reduction related to Walmart that totaled $326 million, partially offset by lower net charge-
offs. The reserve build for the third quarter was $344 million, and largely due to the production impact of
COVID-19-related losses, which I'll cover in greater detail later in the presentation.

Other income increased $46 million, mainly due to lower loyalty costs resulting from the discontinuance
of the Walmart program and a decline in purchase volume. Other expense was flat to last year, with the
restructuring charge and expenses related to our COVID-19 response being offset primarily by the cost
reductions from the Walmart sale. Also reducing other expenses was the impact from lower purchase
volume and average active account experienced in the quarter and reduction in certain discretionary
spend.

Moving to our platform results on Slide 10. As I noted earlier, the sales platforms continue to be impacted
in varying degrees due to COVID-19. In Retail Card, core loan receivables were down 6%, with the
COVID-19 impact being partially offset by strong growth in our digital programs. Other metrics were down
driven by the sale of the Walmart portfolio and the impact from COVID-19. As Margaret noted earlier,
we're excited to launch the Venmo program after launching the Verizon program last quarter as well as
renewing and extending the key relationship with Sam's Club this quarter.

The strength of powersports in Payment Solutions helped to offset the impact of COVID-19. Core loan
receivables declined 1%. Interest and fees on loans decreased 10% driven primarily by lower late fees.
Purchase volume decreased 6%, and average active accounts decreased 7%. We signed a number of
new programs and renewed key partnerships this quarter, as noted on Slide 3. We continue to drive
growth organically through our partnerships and networks, and added over 4,000 new merchants during
the quarter. These networks, along with other initiatives such as driving higher card reuse, which now
stands at approximately 30% of purchase volume, excluding oil and gas, continue to build a solid base of
business for the future.

Although CareCredit was impacted the most by COVID-19 earlier this year, we continue to see some
encouraging signs in the trends during the third quarter, as providers continued to increase the degree of
elective and planned services. Receivables declined 7% primarily due to the negative impact of COVID-19.
Interest and fees on loans decreased 8% primarily driven by lower merchant discount as a result in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

decline in purchase volume, which was down 3%. Average active accounts decreased 8%. As Margaret
noted earlier, we're excited to launch 3 new health systems during the quarter, which brings the total
number of health systems we currently operate in to 9. We continue to expand our CareCredit network
and the utility of our card, as we added nearly 2,000 new provider locations to our network during the
quarter. The network expansion has helped to drive a reuse rate to 59% for purchase volume in the third
quarter.

I'll move to Slide 11 and cover our net interest income and margin trends. Net interest income decreased
21% from last year primarily driven by a 22% decrease in interest and fees on loan receivables due to
the impact of COVID-19 and the sale of the Walmart portfolio. On a core basis, interest and fees on loans
decreased 12%.

The net interest margin was 13.80% compared to last year's margin of 16.29%, largely driven by the
impact of COVID-19 on loan receivables, an increase in liquidity and lower benchmark rates, specifically,
the mix of loan receivables as a percent of total earning assets declined approximately 640 basis points
from 84.7% to 78.3% driven by higher liquidity held during the quarter. This accounted for a 124 basis
points of net interest margin decline. A 193 basis point decline in loan receivable yield primarily driven
by lower benchmark rates and the sale of Walmart portfolio. The impact from lower primary movements
accounted for approximately 75 basis points of the decline. The remaining reduction of approximately 120
basis points in loan receivable yield is primarily attributable to higher payment rates, resulting in lower
revolve rate and lower late fee incidents.

The total reduction in loan receivable yield accounted for 164 basis points of the reduction in our net
interest margin. The investment securities yield declined as a result of lower benchmark rates and
accounted for 29 basis points of net interest margin decline. These impacts were partially offset by an
81 basis point decrease in total interest-bearing liabilities cost to 1.90%, primarily due to the lower
benchmark rates and lower deposit pricing. This provided a 68 basis point benefit to our net interest
margin. Excluding the main impacts that COVID-19 has had on our net interest margin, the decrease in
loan receivables and the increase in liquidity, the net interest margin will be trending closer to 15%.

Next, I'll cover our key credit trends on Slide 12. In terms of specific dynamics in the quarter, I'll start
with the delinquency trends. The 30-plus delinquency rate was 2.67% compared to 4.47% last year. The
90-plus delinquency rate was 1.24% compared to 2.07% last year. Higher payment trends are helping
drive the improvement in delinquency rates. Focusing on the charge-off trends. The net charge-off rate
was 4.42% compared to 5.35% last year. The reduction in net charge-off rate was primarily driven by the
Walmart sale and improving credit trends. Excluding the impact of the Walmart portfolio, net charge-off
rate was approximately 45 basis points lower than last year.

The allowance for credit losses as a percent of loan receivables was 12.92% post-CECL implementation.
Excluding the effects of CECL, the allowance under the ALLL method would have been 8.25%. The reserve
build in the third quarter was $344 million under CECL, and $278 million under the ALLL method. The
overall reserve provisioning was higher than expected due to the impact of COVID-19, which accounted
for most of the reserve build in the third quarter. More specifically, our reserve build was driven by 2
main factors. First, an increase in the provision for accounts that received forbearance benefits; second,
a projected diminished effect from stimulus. In summary, the third quarter credit trends continue to be
strong and better than our expectations, with forbearance providing a degree of benefit in delinquency
trends. We do expect overall credit trends will be impacted by COVID-19 as we move forward.

Moving to Slide 13. I'll cover expenses for the quarter. Overall expenses were flat to last year, totaling
$1.1 billion for the quarter. Restructuring charge and expenses related to our COVID-19 response were
offset primarily by the cost reductions from the Walmart sale, the lower purchase volume and average
active accounts experienced in the quarter and reductions in certain discretionary spend. Efficiency ratio
for the third quarter was 39.7% versus 30.8% last year.

The ratio was negatively impacted by the restructuring charge and expenses related to our response
to COVID-19. Excluding those impacts, efficiency ratio would have been 370 basis points lower or
approximately 36% for the quarter. Excluding the impact of the restructuring charge and the COVID-19-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

related expenses, the increase in ratio was mainly driven by the decrease in revenue that resulted from
lower receivables and lower interest and fee yield.

Moving to Slide 14. Given the reduction of our loan receivables and strength in our deposit platform, we
continue to carry a higher level of liquidity during the third quarter. While we think it is prudent to have
higher liquidity levels, given the level of uncertainty and volatility, we are actively managing our funding
profile to mitigate excess liquidity. As a result of this strategy, there was a shift in the mix of our funding
during the quarter.

Our deposits declined by nearly $2.5 billion from last year. We also reduced the size of our securitized and
unsecured funding sources by $3.1 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively. This resulted in deposits being
80% of our funding compared to 76% last year with securitized and unsecured funding each comprising
10% of our funding sources at quarter end. Total liquidity, including undrawn credit facilities, was $27
billion, which equated to 28% of our total assets. This is up from 20.5% last year.

Before I provide details on our capital position, it should be noted that we elected to take the benefit of
the transition rules issued by the joint federal banking agencies in March, which has 2 primary benefits.
First, it delays the effect of the transition adjustment for an incremental 2 years; and second, allows for
a portion of the current period provisioning under CECL to be deferred and amortized with the transition
adjustment. With this framework, we ended the quarter at 15.8% CET1 under the CECL transition rules,
130 basis points above last year's level of 14.5%. The Tier 1 ratio was 16.7% under the CECL transition
rules compared to 14.5% last year, reflecting the preferred stock issuance last November.

The total capital ratio increased 230 basis points as well to 18.1%, also reflecting the preferred issuance.
And the Tier 1 capital plus reserve ratio on a fully phased-in basis increased to 27.3% compared to 20.7%
last year, reflecting the increase in reserves as a result of implementing CECL and the preferred stock
issuance. During the quarter, we paid a common stock dividend of $0.22 per share. Earlier this year, we
announced that given the current economic uncertainty and being as prudent as possible, we made the
decision to halt further share repurchases until we have greater visibility on the magnitude and the impact
COVID-19 will ultimately have in the economic environment. We will continue to evaluate this as we move
forward.

Overall, we continue to execute on the strategy we outlined previously. We are committed to maintaining
a very strong balance sheet with diversified funding sources and operate with strong capital and liquidity
levels. In closing, given the number of uncertainties that continue to exist regarding the severity and
duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the countering impacts that the stimulus has had and could have
going forward, it remains difficult to assess the ultimate impact at this time and provide specifics around
key outlook drivers.

As I did last quarter, I want to provide a framework to help consider the impacts on our key outlook
drivers. Regarding loan receivables growth, COVID-19 has had an impact on purchase volume. But we've
seen positive trending and improvement in purchase volume. As long as the pandemic does not worsen
and businesses remain open, we expect this trend to continue or to be stable. What continues to help
our trends and resiliency is growth in digital, diversity inside our platforms and financing in essential
areas such as home and health care. We will continue leveraging our capabilities and expertise to help our
partners and providers during this difficult period. This overall direction in purchase volume will be a key
influence in our receivables growth rate.

We've also seen higher payment trends, which has also impacted our loan receivables growth. This also
favorably impacts credit trends as evidenced in our lower delinquency rates and net charge-offs. The
offset to this is lower revolve and fees or non-accounts negatively impacting loan receivable yields and the
net interest margin. When the effects of stimulus and industry-wide forbearance programs subside and
delinquencies begin to increase, we expect payment rates to decline and to provide a positive impact to
loan receivable growth.

Our net interest margin has also been impacted by a number of other factors, including a higher level of
liquidity and a reduction in the size and yield from the receivables due to lower benchmark rates, lower
revolve and fees and the impact of forbearance. As we move forward, we will continue to look at ways to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

deploy a higher level of liquidity and the impact of forbearance should abate. Should the current trends
continue, we do believe the net interest margin has stabilized and should improve prospectively. As I
indicated earlier, we do expect payment rate to decline and believe the revolve rate will increase as well as
fees, which will also be a benefit to the net interest margin.

Regarding RSAs, we expect an impact from higher credit costs in the future. While some programs
are benefiting from lower net charge-off levels currently, we expect net charge-off levels to increase
and impact the flow-through of the RSAs. The ultimate amount of credit cost impact and timing will be
determined somewhat by the expected deterioration in credit, as stimulus actions and industry-wide
forbearance assistance abates. While we expect net charge-off rate to increase in the near term, it should
be noted that overall portfolio quality and credit trends as we entered into this pandemic were strong and
continue to improve throughout the year into the third quarter. Also, the tools and capabilities we have
highlighted previously will help us better navigate the economic impacts from COVID-19.

As we move forward, reserve builds may be somewhat elevated in comparison to the outlook we provided
in January when taking into account seasonality. Until we gain more visibility into the duration and severity
of the current pandemic, we cannot provide more specific guidance. Regarding the efficiency ratio, activity
levels will impact revenue and expense levels, and we will mitigate some of this impact through the
recently announced strategic plan to reduce our operating expenses.

We expect the cost savings from this plan to be in the $150 million to $250 million range for 2021. As the
plan is executed, we expect the cost-save run rate to increase throughout 2021. Beyond 2021, we expect
to see even higher cost saves from this plan. In closing, the business remains fundamentally strong and
resilient and we're going through the situation with a strong balance sheet, capital and liquidity position.

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Margaret.

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Thanks, Brian. I'll provide a quick wrap up, and then we'll open the call for Q&A.

Clearly, the coronavirus pandemic has meaningfully impacted our business in several ways, including key
areas such as purchase volume and loan receivables. As we have said, the ultimate impact from this crisis
remains difficult to quantify right now. So what I can tell you is that our ability to rapidly adapt to the
evolving environment positions us well. We are confident in the fundamental resilience of our company
and our ability to manage through this cycle, just as we have managed through other cycles for nearly 90
years.

Our partner-centric business model and agile approach to our operations and investments are enabling
the rapid deployment of innovative solutions to support our partners and cardholders. We remain focused
on execution today, with an eye towards the future, making investments, building capabilities, launching
programs and making the fundamental changes necessary to emerge from this pandemic in a stronger
position.

Thank you for participating on the call today, and I hope you and your families stay healthy and safe. I'll
now turn the call back to Greg to open up the Q&A.

Gregory Ketron;Managing Director of Investor Relations
That concludes our comments on the quarter. We will now begin the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]
Operator, please start the Q&A session.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And from Jefferies, we have John Hecht.

John Hecht
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Just related to the provision expense. It seems like -- well, I guess, the question is, is this more of a
general increase in the allowance tied to just general uncertainty. Or is it more of a precise provision tied
to certain elements you're seeing in the deferral program?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

So the provision -- the way to think about the provision for the quarter is when you look at the
macroeconomic environment, when you look at growth, when you look at our kind of precision, that all
netted out to roughly flat to a small provision. When we looked at 2 specific elements as we closed the
quarter, one being the forbearance accounts that have come off program, given the delinquency rate they
had when we evaluated those accounts, we thought there needed to be a higher provision associated with
those particular accounts beyond what was included in the base reserve.

So there was an incremental, call it, $200 million to $225 million associated with those accounts that are
in delinquency today that were in the forbearance program or current today that may roll into forbearance.
And the residual piece really went to our view on the stimulus. And the fact that, our view, the timing of
the stimulus as well as the efficacy of the stimulus would be delayed, so there's an incremental provision
of roughly $75 million associated with the stimulus delay.

John Hecht
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then the SetPay product, that's consistent with a lot of the consumer demand we're seeing now
in the marketplace. Yes, maybe if you could just give us a sense of the growth potential, growth trajectory
of that product. And then will the -- call it, the economics, meaning the yield and the anticipated losses
and so forth, be consistent with the overall credit program?

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Thanks, John. Thanks for the question. I'd say 2 things. One, we wanted to address the market. We
already had installment-like products out there which meet our return hurdles. So we are being very
thoughtful and cognizant and looking at how these products work. But I would tell you that what we're
looking to do really with SetPay is to offer the customer a choice between our different product set. And
hopefully, do this in a way that's online. So as the customer is making the purchase, particularly a big
purchase, they have the opportunity to do the SetPay product. And we're looking to do that in light of our
overall portfolio with returns and -- that we have in the business today. So we're not looking to minimize
or reduce our returns because of that product.

Look, I think everyone's looking at these products as a big part of the market. There's lots of sales out
there. These products are still a really small subset of the market. But I do think we felt, competitively, it
was important to really position ourselves to have that product with -- for consumers. But I don't think,
down the road, you're going to see this as a big part of who we are, but another product to really help our
partners grow their business.

Brian D. Doubles
President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

Well -- and John, thanks very much. So the reason for that is I think a lot of our partners, while they want
to offer this product, to Margaret's point, and have choice for the consumer, we've spent a lot of time
working with our partners to get reused on the card, and Brian talked about that earlier. And so we have
some partners who say, look, I want to offer a revolving product to get that second and third purchase.
And that's been something we've been working on for well over 5 years now. And they're not as enamored
with the one-and-done product. But look, at the end of the day, we want to be able to offer choice at the
point-of-sale.

Operator

From Credit Suisse, we have Moshe Orenbuch.

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. Maybe just a follow up on that reserving question, Brian. So as we think about it going forward,
should we think that the reserve would be at a comparable percentage if there's no kind of macroeconomic
changes? Are there other things kind of as we go into 2000 -- the fourth quarter and into 2021, to
consider in terms of that reserve build or decrease?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Moshe, so the way I would think about it is we feel that we're adequately reserved at the end of
September for both the forbearance count specifically, but the overall portfolio, assuming macroeconomic
trends don't move significantly, and to be honest with you, to make sure that pandemic stays in check
with where it is today, the real impact of reserves will be growth in the portfolio and any shifts in the
portfolio we see between the platforms.

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. And I thought the -- from the standpoint of kind of new account generation, you said the number
of new accounts was down from a little over 6 million to just a little over 5 million. Maybe as you kind of
think about the various factors there, obviously where we are in the economy, the 2 launches that you've
got and all of the initiatives, can you talk a little bit about that metric, what that's going to look like in the
fourth quarter and into 2021 and what it might mean for the growth that one might be seeing?

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Thanks, Moshe. It's Margaret. I'd say 2 things. One, we're -- I would say, in September, we did start
seeing store traffic start really coming back at a bigger pace. We still originate a lot of accounts in-store.
So having that in-store traffic come back, I think, is going to be very helpful. I think as we continue to
market our new programs, we're -- we'll see positive trend there. I think the real question mark is really
how does holiday play out. Right now our view is consumers are saying they want to shop, and they want
to do something fun and be out there. So I think holiday is going to play into this as well.

And then the only maybe negative or downside to that would be, we did -- we do tighten credit during
this period. So we are being careful there. We don't want to just open up the faucet, if you will, to new
accounts. So we're really being thoughtful and careful on how we're underwriting. But I think the trends
we started seeing in September, with more store traffic, should help our new account volume as we go
into the fourth quarter.

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

And just anything about the new programs' impact on that number either in third quarter or March?

Margaret M. Keane

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

CEO & Director

Well, yes, I mean, I would say Verizon is tracking very well. They were slower to open stores. So we're
just starting to see store traffic from them. They were more online, but we're really seeing that pick up,
and we're really pleased with how Verizon is playing out.

Venmo, on the other hand, still in kind of a softer launch. So we're really still testing and piloting that
product. But again, the results so far have been extremely positive. If you haven't applied for the card --
or I guess, you can't apply, you got to get offered -- but for those who've gotten offered the card, we've
gotten really, really positive feedback in terms of the value prop, how the card works, how easy it is to
activate, how easy it is to purchase with it. So we anticipate the Venmo product to be a big part of our
growth story as we go into 2021.

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. The way I'd frame it, for the quarter, Moshe, the fourth quarter, both Verizon and Venmo won't have
a large impact. It will really be more into -- as you progress into '21. And Margaret's point really about
stores opening up, the biggest wildcard with regard to new accounts in the fourth quarter will ultimately
be the channels, right? We see some differences in new accounts per your digital channels versus your in-
store. So that could be a very favorable trend for us, we hope, in the fourth quarter.

Operator

From Bank of America, we have Mihir Bhatia.

Mihir Bhatia
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I just wanted to start. Maybe could you just give us your CECL assumptions just on GDP, unemployment
assumptions this year and maybe exiting next year?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Sure. So the baseline measure that we used, which is really coming off of the Moody's August baseline
metric, which has unemployment at that point being 9.9% at the end of this year, 7.9% in '21 and 4.5%
in '22. And as we've gone through and done our modeling off of that, the way which we interpret it, we
actually have redistributed that unemployment curve. So effectively, the unemployment we have at the
end of the year is 9.7%, down from the second quarter, 9.1% in 2021, up slightly from our previous
estimate and 6.3% in 2022.

So we have a little bit slower recovery back into 2021 as we think things have pushed out, which partially,
as we talked about, some of the stimulus and other metrics. And then the GDP assumptions we have in
line with the Moody's the baseline model, to be honest with you, which had a linked quarter, 5.4% decline
in the third and 0.7% in the fourth.

Mihir Bhatia
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. And then I just had -- I wanted to just talk maybe -- just go back to the discussion on, I think,
buy now, pay later installment product. And I wanted to see -- ask about the impact on the Retail Card
business. I understand that it's a small part of the market right now overall, but we're starting to see it at
more and more retailers.

And just as an example, PayPal, one of your partners, launched Pay in 4, and it shows up right alongside
PayPal credit on the checkout screen. So it seems like there's at least some cannibalization risk. Now I
understand Pay in 4 is new, but some of the other BNPL products have been around for a while. So I was
curious, how are you viewing those products? And have you seen any impact from those products on the
Retail Card platform that you already have?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

I'd say, no, we've not really seen a big impact on our portfolio or with our partners. I think that is why
we have SetPay out there. And I do think having customer choice is going to be the thing that we want
to really do. We want to do that mobile-ly as well so that customers, when they're in the shopping cart,
can make a choice. In terms of PayPal, we know that we have a great partnership with PayPal. They had
a product that they had already launched in the U.K. and wanted to accelerate their launch here in the
U.S. We see that as a cross-sell opportunity for us, like Brian said earlier. So again, we feel like we're
positioning ourselves in the marketplace to be successful. We're not, at this point, really seeing a huge
impact of these products against our overall performance.

Operator

From JPMorgan, we have Rick Shane.

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'm curious to how the change in the way that consumers are interacting with businesses fits with your
business model. And when I think about that, historically, you guys probably had a higher percentage
of in-store card-present transactions. As you moved to your mobile app, you went to a highly secured,
tokenized transaction. And now you probably have many more customers shopping online, card not
present. The business model has historically had lower interchange. And so I'm wondering, from an
economic perspective, is there greater fraud risk? And is there a way within the business model to offset
that economically?

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Yes. Well, I think it's important to note, most of our transactions are private-level transactions, which don't
charge interchange. So for us, that's not an issue. I think what's really important for us is ensuring, from
a fraud perspective, that we have the right customer applying. We've put a number of tools in place to
really drive fraud and make sure we're offering the customer the right product to that right customer. I
would say, generally speaking, fraud is something that we continually battle. Every financial institution
is up against this battle, particularly as more and more people have been compromised in terms of their
identities. And really, it's our responsibility to really put the tools in place to make sure that we're doing
the best job possible to reduce that fraud.

I don't know, Brian, if you'd add -- Brian Doubles, if you'd add anything on transaction volume or...

Brian D. Doubles
President

Yes, the only thing I would add, Rick, we've talked about this in previous calls is this is where we're really
leveraging data share with our partners. Our partners know quite a bit about their customers. They know
how long they've been a customer, either through a mobile or digital channel. Even simple things like if we
can match the ship-to address with the address that they're putting into the apply tool to apply for a credit
line.

Those things are enormously helpful in helping us authenticate the customer and reducing fraud rate. So
that's something that we rolled out across all of our large partners in Retail Card, and we're rolling it out
now to even some of the smaller partners to share that data in an effort to reduce fraud, but also make
better credit decisions around line sizes and get a better credit outcome as well.

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. And Margaret, that's exactly my point, which is with no interchange on the traditional transaction,
what I was sort of trying to understand, and it sounds like you're managing it more on the fraud side,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

trying to determine if there's some way, on the card-not-present transactions over the -- online, whether
or not you can capture some additional economics.

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

I got that. Sorry about that. But yes, we -- exactly what Brian was describing.

Operator

From Morgan Stanley, we have Betsy Graseck.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So I like to call it the finger traffic versus the foot traffic. And I know in the prior question, you answered
it from a foot traffic point of view. But I just wanted to get a sense as to how you're thinking about the
finger traffic in terms of generating that new account. And then how have you seen that finger traffic
change over the course of the pandemic? Have you seen any behavior change in terms of frequency of
purchase, average size of purchase, just line utilization that people are willing to maintain, especially in
the latter, more recent couple of months, I should say? Just wondering if the behavior is changing at all.

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Well, Brian touched on this a little bit, and I'll have Brian Doubles add a little color to this. But 60% of our
applications for Retail Card were generated mobile-ly or online. So that is a big shift from where we were.
And each quarter, it's been growing. Our view is that, that will continue to grow. In addition to which,
consumers are using our apps to make payments, increase credit lines and really transact through their
mobile phone. We expect that to continue to grow and be a big part of what we're working on with our
partners. I would say that what we're always trying to do is create this digital point of sale, both in the
Retail Card, Payment Solutions and CareCredit business. So it's not just the Retail Card side, it's actually
all 3 platforms.

And back in March, we really pivoted our agile teams to really accelerate some of the development on
the mobile side. So I would say -- I don't think we're seeing difference in terms of spend or how they
spend. I think the reality is that people don't necessarily always want to go into the store, so online has
become a bigger part of how they transact. And I'd say the second is, just as we move forward, the whole
contactless, even in-store purchasing, I think, will become a bigger part because consumers really don't
want to touch point of sales. So those are the areas that we continue to invest in.

I don't know, Brian Doubles if you'd add.

Brian D. Doubles
President

Yes. One of the things I would add, Betsy, is one of the things we've been very focused on and actually
one of the areas that we accelerated back in March is really integrating our financing offers throughout
that customer shopping journey, and we showed you a little bit of that on the slide. And that looks very
different by partner. So if you think about SyPI, our SDK that plugs into the larger partners' apps, that
we've been doing for a number of years now. And that works really well with large partners, so either the
SyPI product or having the larger partners plug right into our API platform, which is what we're doing on
Venmo.

The work that we accelerated back in March and April, which really matters more to our smaller to
midsized partners, is really getting integrated into their digital properties across the point of sale. So
not just when you're checking out in the shopping cart, but when you're looking at the product, when
you enter the home page, and we've seen conversion rates go up significantly when we have that kind
of multi-point integration across all of their digital properties. And so that's really what we've been
focused on, is helping not just our large partners, but small to midsize partners, getting the financing offer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

presented multiple places throughout that shopping journey. And again, that's been really important to our
partners because obviously times like these, they're accelerating their digital transformation and trying to
drive sales, and this, certainly, helps them do that.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And how penetrated do you feel you are with your current customer set in that offering?

Brian D. Doubles
President

Well, it really varies. I'd say we're very penetrated in the larger partners, and we're making really good
progress in the small to midsized partners. But a lot of this is -- it's really a joint partnership. It depends
on their level of how far advanced they are in their digital transformation. And we're building tools to
easily plug in there in a scalable way.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And then my follow up just is on liquidity. You highlighted in the deck that the liquidity is up significantly
year-on-year. It makes sense. Wondering how much of that will you sit on to fund future loan growth. Or
will you be redeploying that into securities? There's clearly excess capital that could drive buybacks as well
going forward. So I'm just wondering how you're thinking about this excess liquidity that you've got.

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Betsy. As we think about, as we enter the fourth quarter, it's really to fund the portfolio
growth that we would seasonally anticipate. As we move into 2021, we hope it funds loan growth. We said
earlier, with regard to buybacks, obviously we like to have the cash to, and we most certainly have the
capital to execute the buybacks, but really, that's not on our horizon until probably at least the back half of
the year when we have a better view of what the economy is going to do. So our plan really is to deploy it
relative to growth in the assets and managing the liability side of the equation. I don't anticipate us really
going to try to chase some basis points of yield in the investment portfolio, to be honest with you.

Operator

From Wolfe Research, we have Bill Carcache.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Margaret, there was a period post-Walmart where you guys eliminated concerns over renewal risk by
pushing the earliest renewal date to 2022, which seemed really far away at the time. But now with '22
getting closer and RFPs happening in some cases roughly a year ahead of contractual maturity dates,
some investors have started to ask whether we could see you guys do something similar to what you did
post-Walmart by possibly renewing your largest partnerships, and sort of eliminating that renewal risk for
several years into the future. Can you discuss whether that's something that you're considering? Or are we
more likely to see renewals happen on more of a case-by-case basis?

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Look, we're always trying to renew deals. So I think this is really the relationship and partnership that
we've built over the years. And I think you just saw it happen with Sam's Club. We renewed Sam's Club
with a multiyear deal last year. And we just renewed it again with another multiyear deal. So we're always
looking at ways to extend our partnerships. And usually, that conversation comes about as people are
thinking about new value props or big investments into the program in some way. And I would just tell you
the way I think about renewals, that's like a daily part of our jobs. And we need to make sure that we're

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

having those conversations where it makes sense. So you see it happening real-time with what happened
with Sam's Club.

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

I think the one thing I'd add on to Margaret's point is that when you look at these investments, so in the
case of Sam's, there's a value-prop construct on top of the renewal we did last year, and we priced at a
very disciplined level, right? We priced through the cycle and priced through a very difficult cycle here. So
to the extent that we get an opportunity to extend at a attractive risk/return profile, we most certainly
would take that opportunity and take that risk off the table, Bill.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

That's very helpful. If I can, as a follow-up, when we look at the levels of capital that you guys are running
at and the amount of building that you've done, to the extent that there potentially could be some sort
of stimulus that it seems like you're not really counting on that as a big benefit in the reserve building
that you've done to date, historically, you guys have expressed your belief that you could run at capital
levels comparable to your peers, which we see at sort of the 10.5%, 11% range on a normalized basis.
Is it reasonable to think that you guys can get CET1 down to that range, as we look ahead to kind of the
other side of this?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Yes, Bill. So first of all, let me just make sure we're clear on stimulus. We still have stimulus baked
into our reserves. It's just at a lower level, and the timing is different than what you would see in a base
Moody's model, which I think, last week, they may have even moved out to 2021 their stimulus, but we
haven't spent a lot of time with it. So there is some level of stimulus.

With regard to the capital level, yes, nothing has changed in our view with regard to how we think about
the long-term capital position and being able to get down to our peers. During this period of time, we
continue to run stress cases and are very comfortable with our ability, given the resiliency of the business,
given the earnings profile of the business, the RSAs that we can get down to that level. So there's no
change with regard to the long-term view on capital. The time in which we begin to deploy greater
amounts of capital back to the shareholders will really be dependent upon the economy and the visibility.

Operator

From Stephens, we have Vincent Caintic.

Vincent Albert Caintic
Stephens Inc., Research Division

First, on your expenses. So it's helpful to get your guidance for $150 million to $250 million for 2021 and
more beyond that. And also just thinking about your push on digital here, I'm sort of wondering if you can
sort of talk about your digital investments. And it seems like you're pushing more than usual to accelerate
your partners' digital transformation. Is this sort of the level we should expect in terms of investments
going forward? Do you want to make more investments? Or does this taper off after a little bit of time?

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Well, we've been making investments for a number of years, particularly in our technology platform,
and we'll continue to do that as we see the need. We think that, strategically, we have to be the best in
the business in terms of digital capability and both -- I think, both in the front end, which we've talked
a lot about, but even on the back end. And so when we looked at kind of pivoting back in March, we
actually stopped doing some things that didn't really make sense given the pandemic and redeployed
those resources to accelerate some of the things that were already on our road map.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

So it wasn't like we created new thinking. We actually had these plans. They were just further out. An
example I'll give you is we're doing a lot of work on digital collections right now, in terms of really getting
us to be state-of-the-art there. So that's an example where we took resources that -- we're kind of
working on that, but we put more resources on it.

I'd say that from an expense point of view, we took a really comprehensive look at our overall expenses
and said, "Okay, how do we tighten? Where do we tighten?" Some of that we talked about in terms of our
footprint, which was a positive one. But when we did this journey on expenses, we basically said, we're
going to do this expense reduction in order to ensure we can still invest for the future because, I think,
sometimes the mistake you make is you tighten so much that you really dilute the future. And what we
didn't want to do is really have that happen.

So we've been hard at work making sure we continue to invest, while tightening where we can. So that's
really the plan that we've kind of executed upon. We have work to do going into 2021. But we feel like we
were able to pivot pretty quickly and really align our cost base to the size of our business going forward to
ensure that we keep the returns that we want to achieve for our shareholders. So we're feeling -- we've
executed well here. We still have things to do, of course, but we're well into the execution of the expenses
coming out.

Vincent Albert Caintic
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's very helpful. And the -- just with the excess deposits that you were talking about, just
wondering how much more aggressive you're willing to get on rate cuts. Or do you feel comfortable here?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Thanks for the question. So we'll continue to evaluate that market. We led the market down this year.
So we've reduced 115 basis points on our high-yield savings, 140 basis points on CDs, with the 6 and 7
movement. Here's -- as we think macroeconomically going forward, there will be some pressure as we just
have some higher-priced CDs coming up for expiration as we move through the fourth quarter and into the
first quarter. So there will be some pressure to redeploy those dollars for our consumers.

We also think there's an opportunity as we think some of the larger institutions may continue to try to
reduce rates, so there may be some inflows. But at the end of the day, we hope to grow the business next
year, and we'll need those deposits. So it's a very tricky balance. We can move down a little bit more, we
think, but we want to be very cautious because what we don't want to do is, if we have to raise deposits
next year, have to then pay more in price in order to get those deposits. So it's really a fine balance
between trying to find that appropriate floor. And we're in line with competition. There could be a little bit
more room, but I wouldn't expect something significant.

Gregory Ketron;Managing Director of Investor Relations

Brandon, we have time for one more question.

Operator

That's from KBW. Yes, from KBW, we have Sanjay Sakhrani.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Most of my questions have been asked and answered. But just on the Sam's Club renewal, congratulations
on that. I know it's been a whirlwind of a last couple of years. I'm just curious, how should we think about
the economic impacts of the renewal? Are there any appreciable impacts on the RSAs going forward and
any others that we need to contemplate?

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

We always look at this in terms of the returns, and we're pretty happy with where we landed on the
renewal in terms of our overall returns. So I wouldn't see a big economic impact. I think the real positive
here is that we've been able to work closely with Sam's over the last, say, 15 to 18 months on really
helping them execute against their digital strategy, and we'll continue to do that. And I think, more
importantly, the exciting part is really relaunching a new value prop, which both of us felt was really
needed. So we're excited to work with them on that as we go into 2021. But I don't think you'll see an
appreciable difference in the economics.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Perfect. And then I guess I have a follow-up on the buy now, pay later industry questions, and
maybe it's a question for you, Margaret and Brian Doubles. If we think about the industry's impact
thus far, do you feel like it's had an appreciable impact in terms of loan growth? Do you feel like it's
cannibalizing your customers across all your relationships? Or is it just a different customer base that's
sort of -- where you're seeing the uptake in this product?

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Well, I think -- first, let's put it in perspective. I think the overall dollar sales on those products,
somewhere between $8 billion and $10 billion, which is really not that appreciable when you look at the
overall market. Most of what's being put out there are smaller ticket for payment-type things for retailers.
I think where we really have a market and/or have a solid customer base is really on the bigger ticket
size. And that's where I think we've been able to do things like we're doing with Amazon. So our view is
we're going to be in this market. We're going to look at the right way to do this.

The other thing I'd tell you, it's still early days on the overall economic returns on these particular smaller
ticket ones. But SetPay is a product that we're testing and piloting. We're having good success. I think it's
really about 2 things: giving customer choice; and then second, helping the merchants complete the sale.
Because right now, the most important thing for our merchants and our partners is to help them grow
their sales, which is what we're really trying to work on.

I don't know, Brian Doubles, if you'd add anything there.

Brian D. Doubles
President

No, I think it does. It comes down to choice. And our partners all have a view on which products they
want to offer. In some cases, it's a revolving credit product that has an installment component, could be
SetPay. In some cases, if it's smaller-ticket, to Margaret's point, they would be more interested in a buy
now, pay later product. Our goal at the end of the day is to be very integrated across all of our partners'
digital properties and offer a wide range of financing products because it won't be a one-size-fits-all. It's
going to be a combination of revolving credit, longer-term installment and shorter-term buy now, pay later
products.

Gregory Ketron;Managing Director of Investor Relations

Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. The Investor Relations team will be available to
answer any further questions you may have, and we hope you have a great day.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

