TechnipFMC plc NYSE:FTI
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 22, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.21

0.16

(23.81 %)

0.23

0.84

0.67

Revenue  (mm)

3259.12

3335.70

2.35

3202.00

13016.00

12863.29

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-22-2020 9:22 AM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.43

0.21

0.05

0.21

0.03

(0.11)

0.09

0.16

SURPRISE

(93.02 %)

NM

80.00 %

(23.81 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Arnaud Pieton
President & CEO of Technip
Energies

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Matt Seinsheimer
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Amy Wong
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

George Michael O'Leary
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Securities, Inc., Research Division

Guillaume Delaby
Societe Generale Cross Asset
Research

Jean-Luc Romain
CIC Market Solutions (ESN),
Research Division

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Mark Wilson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TechnipFMC Third Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call.

[Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Matt
Seinsheimer. Thank you. Please go ahead.

Matt Seinsheimer
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, and good afternoon, and welcome to TechnipFMC's Third Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. Our news release and financial statements issued yesterday can be found on our
website.

I'd like to caution you with respect to any forward-looking statements made during this call. Although
these forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, beliefs and assumptions
regarding future developments and business conditions, they are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by these statements.

Known material factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our projected results are
described in our most recent 10-K, most recent 10-Q and other periodic filings with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission, the French AMF and the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority.

We wish to caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of our forward-
looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise.

I will now turn the call over to Doug Pferdehirt, TechnipFMC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Matt. Good afternoon, and good morning. Thank you for participating in our third quarter
earning call. On the call with me today are Maryann Mannen, Chief Financial Officer; and Arnaud Pieton,
President and CEO elect of Technip Energies.

We delivered solid operational results in the third quarter, just months after the start of one of the most
challenging periods the global community has ever faced. I want to once again thank our entire workforce
for the resilience and dedication that they have shown throughout these unprecedented times.

Our success is evident in our ability to continue winning, to continue executing and to continue
accelerating our business transformation, while remaining steadfast and our focus on health and safety.

In the quarter, inbound orders exceeded $2.2 billion, largely driven by Subsea. This was our strongest
quarter thus far in 2020 and represented a sequential increase of 45%. Our strong results stem from
the success of working collaboratively with our clients, where our innovative solutions, demonstrated
excellence in execution and financial health, provide our customers with confidence to move forward
projects during such challenging times.

Total company adjusted EBITDA was $321 million with a margin of 9.6%. Importantly, all 3 segments
showed sequential margin improvement as the execution momentum continued across the portfolio.

And looking at our business transformation, we continue to accelerate our cost reduction efforts and
have already achieved the full targeted run rate savings of more than $350 million. As we leverage our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

new business models, innovative technologies and digital solutions, we will continue to drive further cost
reduction and efficiency gains across the organization.

Taken together, our inbound orders, our operational results and our cost reduction initiatives provide us
the confidence to reaffirm our full year guidance for 2020.

As our clients continue to reprioritize their portfolio of investments, we have seen an improvement in
our award activity. Having announced 6 projects globally since July, totaling $2.8 billion in aggregate
contract value. While most of these projects are already in our backlog, the EPC contract for the Assiut
Hydrocracking Complex, a Technip Energies award that exceeds $1 billion, is anticipated to be inbound in
the fourth quarter.

We also announced an award from Shell for the revamp of their Moerdijk plant, where we will provide
proprietary equipment and related services for 8 ethylene furnaces. This award further demonstrates our
leadership in ethylene technology and helps drive a reduction in CO2 emissions.

In addition, our LNG opportunity set remains strong, as we have been awarded 2 major projects which will
inbound upon FID by the client. For one of these projects, Sempra's Energy at Costa Azul, the client has
indicated a likely FID by year-end. And we are actively tendering a major project in Qatar.

Our prospect with good momentum is evidenced by recent award announcements for several project work
scopes. While we believe TechnipFMC is well positioned for this opportunity, the EPC contract is being
competitively tendered.

In Surface Technologies, we continue to leverage the strength and resilience of our leading international
franchise with 2 important growth opportunities captured in the quarter, both in the Middle East.

In Kuwait, we received an award for high-pressure gas equipment and in-country services. And in Oman,
we secured a 5-year frame agreement with Petrogas, an operator that has significant drilling plants in the
country.

We believe these awards provide us the opportunity to further expand our market share across the region.

And in Subsea, we were awarded our latest iEPCI  project with Shell in Malaysia. It incorporates our
Subsea 2.0 technology as well as a diverse set of other projects in some of the most active basins in the
world.

In Brazil, the Petrobras Mero 2 project; in Norway, the Breidablikk project for Equinor; and the ExxonMobil
Payara project in Guyana. 50% of these projects were the result of a direct award to our company due
to our unique capabilities, our competitiveness and our technology leadership. These awards clearly
demonstrate the resilience of strategic offshore basins, where through-cycle economics are highly
competitive within our clients' investment portfolios.

We remain on track to secure approximately $4 billion of Subsea inbound for the full year.

Looking ahead, we see a healthy set of Subsea opportunities. And we continue to grow our proprietary
market opportunities by focusing on long-term strategic relationships with our partners to optimize project
economics and returns, utilizing our unique and proven iFEED, iEPCI and iLoF capabilities. Therefore, I
am pleased to announce another exclusive alliance with an operator in the U.K. North Sea, leveraging our
integrated subsea business model, iEPCI, to support and optimize future development opportunities from
the early concept phase through production and Life of Field services.

Additionally, our front-end engineering teams remain very active. In fact, we have seen an acceleration in
study awards in recent months, with double-digit growth now expected above our prior expectation. And
half of our study today are integrated, which leverage the benefits of our digital Subsea Studio offering
and positions us well for future iEPCI  awards.

Digital is another key enabler of our business transformation, and our digital strategy is focused on 3
pillars: becoming a data-centric company, developing intelligent products and assets and driving towards

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

autonomous operations. Subsea Studio and our recently introduced iComplete offering are 2 solutions that
exemplify these pillars and further expand our leadership position.

Let me start with Subsea Studio. This solution is transforming the conventional concept, FEED and
tendering phases of Subsea projects. Working with our clients, we are now able to develop ultra-fast
digital field architectures, that bring together decades of engineering knowledge with artificial intelligence
and machine learning to optimize product configurations, accelerate execution and maximize value.
Subsea Studio has an open architecture that allows integration with other engineering and manufacturing
systems, eliminating the need for multiple handoffs and resulting in as much as a 50% reduction in the
time required for front-end engineering. And we are extending the platform beyond Subsea system design
to incorporate the execution and field management phases of a project. Once fully implemented, we'll
have a complete digital thread from concept design all the way through to the life of the field. And we are
taking our learnings in Subsea and applying those on land.

IComplete is a revolutionary approach to shale completions. And we're the only company to focus
on making a completions pad that is truly integrated, efficient and simplified with digital automation
and control. iComplete has 50% fewer components and reduces operating expenditures by 30%. The
integrated system also removes 80% of connections across the well site, improving efficiency while
reducing risk. Digital integration is a key element of the iComplete package. All of the data gathered at
the site is available in real time. It is actionable information that enables operators to make evidence-
based decisions at every step of the process. And when combined with the automation features, it reduces
personnel required on site, by up to 2/3. iComplete is experiencing broad market acceptance with awards
secured from operators in all major U.S. basins, leading to increased market share.

Earlier this month, we announced that Arnaud Pieton will assume the role of President and CEO elect of
Technip Energies, and I would like to welcome him to the call with us today.

Arnaud has been with the company for over 15 years and a valued member of our executive leadership
team since the formation of TechnipFMC. He has extensive project-related experience. He most recently
led our Subsea business, taking it to new levels of commercial and technological success. Simply put, he
is a seasoned professional and an integral part of the foundation of the company we know today. While
Arnaud will undoubtedly bring new energy and new ideas to his new role, he and I are fully aligned on
business strategy and committed to realizing a successful future for Technip Energies.

And what an exciting start to his new role, just last week, we announced a strategic partnership and
investment in the green hydrogen arena with McPhy, a leading manufacturer of equipment used in the
production and distribution of green hydrogen. We are already a leader in hydrogen today. And with
McPhy, we will leverage our established brand and customer relationships as well as our core competencies
in engineering, technology integration and project execution, to develop large-scale and competitive green
hydrogen solutions from production all the way to liquefication, storage and distribution.

We are also joined by Chart Industries whose expertise and equipment development is complementary
to our process technology and project capabilities. We firmly believe that both innovative technologies
and partner collaboration will be needed for the world to achieve net zero carbon targets. And this
collaboration between the McPhy, Chart Industries and ourselves stands as a real example of the many
ways in which TechnipFMC will play a material role in the energy transition.

I will now turn the call over to Maryann to discuss our financial results in more detail.

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Doug. Total company revenue was $3.3 billion in the quarter, with adjusted EBITDA of $321
million. Backlog at the end of the period was $19.6 billion, with $12.2 billion scheduled for execution
through the end of 2021. The size and duration of our backlog have remained resilient throughout the
current downturn and provide us with strong visibility over the next several years.

I will focus my comments today on our sequential performance. In this environment, it is important for
us to more clearly demonstrate the underlying improvements in the quarter. Total company revenue

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

increased 6% sequentially, driven by higher activity in Subsea. Adjusted EBITDA improved more than
30% versus the second quarter, driven by strong project execution, higher asset utilization and increased
benefit from our cost reduction activities.

As Doug discussed earlier, we completed our targeted run-rate cost savings of more than $350 million,
ahead of schedule. We see the benefits of this in our indirect cost, including corporate functions.

Cash flow from operations was $168 million in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $73 million, resulting
in free cash flow of $95 million.

Net cash improved sequentially to $384 million and benefited from significant debt reduction activities
during the period. Net liquidity stood at $6.6 billion.

Adjusted earnings per share was $0.16 in the quarter, when excluding after-tax charges and credits of
$0.17 per diluted share.

In the period, we identified direct COVID-19 expenses totaling $36 million, down 35% sequentially. Over
the course of this year, we have adapted quickly to mitigate the incremental cost impacts of the virus on
our business. Included in our reported results were foreign exchange gains of $6 million, or $0.02 per
diluted share. And the expense resulting from increased liability to joint venture partners of $62 million,
or $0.14 per diluted share. These 2 items impacted earnings per share by $0.12 in the period, and if
excluded, our adjusted earnings would have been $0.28 per diluted share.

Let me turn to the segment highlights. The information in the accompanying slide on segment results
provides operating highlights when comparing to the third quarter of 2019. But here again, I will focus my
comments on our sequential performance.

Third quarter Subsea revenue increased 9% sequentially to $1.5 billion due to continued improvement in
operational performance. We experienced increased project activity in the U.S., Asia and Africa as well as
increased activity in Subsea services. Sequentially, Subsea adjusted EBITDA margin of 9.7% increased
250 basis points, driven by project completions, improved asset utilization and increased efficiency.

In Technip Energies, revenue of $1.6 billion increased 5%, primarily driven by the improvement in
operational efficiency within our supply chain and construction sites. Importantly, our projects are
progressing well. These same factors as well as the continued strength in execution across our portfolio of
projects also benefited adjusted EBITDA, which increased 7% sequentially to $175 million with a margin of
10.9%.

In Surface Technologies, revenue of $226 million declined sequentially due to lower market activity in
North America. However, revenue outside North America was largely unchanged and accounted for nearly
70% of our total segment revenue.

Despite the decline in segment revenue, adjusted EBITDA margin of 7.7% increased 430 basis points
sequentially. The significant improvement was primarily due to a favorable product mix, the benefit of our
accelerated cost reduction initiatives and improved manufacturing execution in our international business.

Adjusted corporate expense in the period was $24 million, driven by the acceleration of our cost reduction
initiatives. Year-to-date corporate expense stands at $89 million. We revised our corporate expense
guidance last quarter, to a range of $130 million to $150 million for the full year. Given the actions we
have taken, we continue to trend towards the low end of this range.

Our financial guidance is unchanged from our second quarter update. We remain confident in achieving
our full year outlook in each of our business segments, assuming no further material degradation from
COVID-19-related impacts.

Turning to cash flow. Capital expenditures were $73 million and now totaled $250 million in the first 9
months of this year. We remain committed to disciplined capital investment, and are confident in our full
year capital spend of approximately $300 million.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

The improved operational momentum experienced throughout the quarter supports our confidence in
achieving our free cash flow guidance of neutral to $150 million for the full year.

In the quarter, we reduced debt by $647 million with net reductions in both commercial paper and fixed
maturity debt. These actions have reduced our absolute funding cost, while lowering our blended interest
rate.

We ended the period with cash and cash equivalents of $4.2 billion. Net cash improved $81 million
sequentially to $384 million.

In summary, we delivered solid operational results, with all segments showing sequential improvement in
adjusted EBITDA margin. We continued winning new awards despite the very challenging market backdrop
with a sequential increase in Subsea backlog. And we have achieved our targeted run rate savings of
more than $350 million, ahead of schedule. Beyond the operating line, we significantly reduced debt in the
period, and we remain intently focused on managing the balance sheet. Sequentially, our net cash position
increased, and we expect further improvement in the fourth quarter, as implied by our full year cash flow
commitment. All of these successes give us confidence that we will deliver on our financial guidance for
2020.
Operator, you may now open up the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Sean Meakim from JPMorgan.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So maybe we could start with a little more on the free cash flow guide. That seems to be really the critical
piece, reiterating that guide for the fourth quarter. Could you maybe just walk through a couple of the
moving pieces as you see it?

And then just thinking about working capital implications. And if we think about free cash flow and the
mandatory redeemable liability, what could cash look like as we exit 2020?

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Sean. Thank you, and thanks for the question. So with one quarter remaining, obviously we have
strength and conviction in operating performance. So that will deliver, obviously increased cash flow. As
you've seen, working capital is improving from our middle of the year, and we expect to see continued
working capital improvement in the back half of the year.

I think as we discussed maybe last quarter, we've identified a range of outcomes that would potentially
deliver the neutral to our $150 million, and we still see a clear path given the opportunity for performance
in the back -- or sorry, in the fourth quarter.

I think your second question was around the payment for the Yamal redeemable liability and we continue
to expect in the fourth quarter, that will have approximately $100 million payable. As you know, that's
below the working capital line and below that free cash flow from operations.

So we do expect, as we head into 2021, that obviously we will see that free cash flow improvement. And
net cash, as I mentioned in my comments, we will see improvement as well.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. I appreciate the explanation. And then I think the other really critical piece for the stock today is
getting to a resolution on Technip Energies. And so clearly, Doug, your commitment to the spin has been
unwavering.

Can we maybe just get a little more transparency around the gating items to executing the spin? And are
there any other dual tracks that you're running around value creation with this business? Just looking to
really, I guess, get as much granularity as we can on how we get to the finish line on that piece.

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Certainly, Sean, thank you for the question. You're absolutely right. I remain steadfast in my conviction to
the creation of Technip Energies as an independent company. The strategic rationale remains unchanged.
And I would say, if anything, it has become clearer in the importance of moving forward with such a
transaction.

I think it's important, though, when we think about your question around what could be triggers,
et cetera, is to reflect back on what led to the decision, a difficult decision at the time to defer the
transaction.

And to me, there was really 3 factors that weighed into that decision. One was complete panic in the
financial markets, driven by both the pandemic as well as the commodity price. There was a lot of --
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

secondly, there was a lot of uncertainty in our clients' plans at the time. And then finally, it really came
down to ensuring that we had an environment that was conducive to, what I'd like to say, us leaning in
versus us leaning out in terms of our position within the industry.

So when we fast forward to today, certainly, there's still anxiety and uncertainty in the market, and there
always will be, but I think we've come past that point of just a complete fear and panic and a concern
about where the bottom could actually be.

In terms of the industry, I think it's been quite remarkable. And as evidenced in our Q3 results here and
the inbound numbers that we just shared with you for Subsea, if anyone's done them, had an opportunity
to look at the math, it's a 1.1 book-to-bill for the third quarter for Subsea, which was quite a substantial
win. And winning very important and strategic projects and 50% of those being direct awarded to our
company, we're in a really unique position.

And that really takes us to the third part, which is we're leaning in. We're winning. So when you kind of
put those 3 together, I would say, we feel we're in a very different environment than we were in at the
time that we suspended, where we didn't know what our customers' plans were going to be.

For instance, we weren't sure what impact it was going to have on our backlog. I can reaffirm today, there
have been no cancellations in our backlog. We didn't know what impact it was going to have on our supply
chain and our ability to be able to execute and deliver some of the world's most complex and strategic
projects.

And as our financial results indicated across all 3 of our business segments, we continue to execute very
well. So we're in a different situation now, Sean. We'll continue to look at what is the right timing and
what is the right scenario and structure to move this transaction forward, but it would be our intent to
continue to move in that direction.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Amy Wong from UBS.

Amy Wong
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Couple of questions from me. The first one relates to just some news flow recently that the French
government is proposing to end export guarantees for the oil and gas industry. And if I -- as far as I
understand, it's not overnight, but if there's going to be like, kind of, other oil projects from 2025 and gas
projects from 2035.

So just wondering, like how that might impact TechnipFMC in terms of maybe your clients that may rely
on French export credit? Or furthermore, maybe when you guys try to help clients arrange export credit
facilities, how that could impact your ability to win some of these projects?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes, interesting question. And I think you really used the keyword there, which was help or assist. We
don't do project financing. But it is true that from time to time, we are in a position that we can try to, if
you will, link the 2 parties together. But that -- we do nothing more than that, and that's the only role that
we play in project financing.

It is true. We're reading the same things that you're reading, and we're not privy to any additional facts or
time line than you are. But I think it's also realistic to assume if the project has good returns for the client,
the project will source funding. And in any single project, there tends to be multiple sources of funding.
It doesn't rely on any particular single source of funding. So my assumption, Amy, and we don't have --
none of us can predict the future on this, but I feel quite certain, as we've seen over time that the funding
has evolved on these major projects from different sources that a project with good economics would be
able -- would source funding in whichever way it deemed most appropriate.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

So we'll wait and we'll see how things play out, and we'll continue to play our role, which is nothing more
than to help or assist, which we normally don't do. But when asked, we certainly do what we can to
support or assist. But again, we're not in the project financing game.

Amy Wong
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. That's helpful to get your thoughts on that. Just a follow-up, and it's still along the lines of
understanding your order intake, potential order intake pipeline. I mean I think your conversion of orders
in the second half has been pretty good, particularly for both Subsea and for Energies.

But to what degree some of those projects, kind of, were initiated from or converted from projects that
were -- you were already in discussions pre the COVID pandemic. And the [ context ] of the question
here is really trying to understand maybe some early thoughts on 2021, what projects. And have you
started new negotiations with clients? Or is it becoming more difficult in a pandemic environment? Just to
understand your thoughts on directionally how 2021 is going to look like.

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sure, Amy. I knew we were going to get to 2021 quickly. We got there on the second question. So thank
you. Or no, thank you, maybe.

No. Look, Amy, we'll give you as much -- I'll give you some, kind of, qualitative thoughts, obviously
quantitative thoughts at this time would be premature. Our customers are still developing their budgets,
their plans for 2021. So to do anything quantitative, I think, would be a bit premature. But in the spirit of
your question, I'll be willing to give you some qualitative outlook.

I'm going to cover Subsea and Surface international, and then I'm going to ask Arnaud to make some
comments on his thoughts on the subject regarding Technip Energies.

So let's start with Surface international. Look, we are continuing to see very strong momentum in our
order outlook for Surface International. And I keep emphasizing International only because in North
America, as you know, it's a Book & Turn business. So the inbound that we expect to come from the
Surface international will continue to pick up. I know that's a little bit contrarian to some of the other
comments that may have been made about the international market, but I think it's important to
understand our position in Surface International. It's actually quite unique.

The level and the specifications and technology required for that equipment far exceeds that that's used
in, for instance, the North America market. There's really us and maybe one other supplier of that high-
spec equipment. It's totally -- it's vertically integrated. We do it all in-house. It's not outsourced to China
or anywhere else, as it is in the North American market. And it requires very, very sophisticated machine
tooling and materials to be able to provide that equipment, very similar to Subsea. Hence, the reason
we're so successful.

So we see that continuing to expand. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've always had a strong
position in the Middle East, North Africa. We just extended our leadership position in the Middle East. I
announced a couple of new awards. And we continue to work very, very closely with all of the key players
in the region and expect continued success and in growing success in 2021.

In terms of Subsea orders, what I would say at this point, Amy, is it seems like forever, but it was just a
few months ago, a few quarters ago, I mentioned that I felt we could achieve $4 billion of order inbound
for Subsea in 2020. I think for the largest part, it was discounted and there's a lot of skepticism around
that. Obviously, we've come a long way to achieving that already, and we have 1 quarter left to complete,
and we remain committed to that.

And I think as I, at this point, look towards 2021, I could see kind of a similar -- I could see 2021
resemble 2020. Again, it's a bit early. There's some moving pieces still we're trying to lock down with
our customers to really understand the timing and as always, Amy, one large project shifting from Q4

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

of 2021 to Q1 of 2022 could change things. And that's why I'm saying, we just don't have that level
of granularity yet from our clients. But when I look at the success of our execution, when I look at our
growing activity in our FEED, which I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it's now -- it's grown double
digit. The majority of that being iFEEDs, the majority of our iFEEDs are direct awarded to our company,
this is that proprietary opportunity set that the rest of the market does not have access to. Again, why
we were able to do $4 billion this year, which is the majority of the Subsea market. We expect that to
continue on next year, again, with probably more iEPCI projects and more direct awards.

And then finally, it's important not to forget the strength and resilience of our Subsea Services business.
That continues to be a strong foundation that we continue to build from.

So when you put all that together, again, we have to really understand what projects are going to move
forward and the timing of those projects. But I expect that to -- I expect 2021 to resemble 2020.

And just maybe one last thought. You may have picked up in my prepared remarks, but if you didn't, we
signed another exclusive alliance for Subsea. So we're really proud of the progress we're making. Arnaud?

Arnaud Pieton
President & CEO of Technip Energies

Yes. Thank you, Doug, and thank you, Amy. So for Technip Energies, I would add that, as expressed
by Doug in his previous -- by Doug in his prepared remarks, there is a potential to inbound for Technip
Energies to projects or prospects, exceeding $1 billion each before the end of the quarter, before the end
of the year. So it's -- I think this alone is giving you a good idea of what the year can and will look like for
Technip Energies inbound full year.

And also maybe something that I'd like to share is that for Technip Energies, the LNG wave isn't over yet
for us. And there is a very solid pipeline of opportunities into next year as well. And all building blocks are
in place, I would say, for Technip Energies to have another solid year in terms of inbound next year.

And one part of your question was also about how we are having new conversations or new types of
conversations? And/or are we just relying on the past conversations pre-COVID and converting the
opportunities?

But in actual fact, yes, we are having new types of conversations and new conversations about new
prospects and opportunities. And very interestingly, including in the traditional markets, or what I'm going
to call traditional markets in a position to, I don't know, blue hydrogen and green hydrogen, but there is
an energy transition perspective in every of the conversation we are having with our customers, including
in the more traditional markets with quite a huge emphasis on being placed on decarbonization by our
customers.

So there's a real opportunity set here for us in a green as well as brownfield activity set for Technip
Energies. So a nice mix of conversation, if I may say, for Technip Energies going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Marc Bianchi from Cowen.

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I feel like we always end up in this situation with the way you guys put the guidance out where we've got
an annual target, and we can kind of solve for fourth quarter. And I know you don't want to get into too
much detail, but it would be great to hear just any kind of thoughts on the progression from third quarter
across the 3 segments. Particularly in Subsea, how much of help was realized in the third quarter related
to the project closeout? And what do we think seasonality could do in the fourth quarter?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Sure, Mark. I'll cover Subsea. As indicated, we had a very solid third quarter. We provide annual guidance.
It's not necessarily quarterly guidance, and therefore, one can imply the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter
will be a bit softer in Subsea. This is the way it always is. The fourth quarter with the exception of maybe
1 or 2 instances, is always a bit later for us, and this has to do with the reduced amount of activity,
particularly in the North Sea related to our vessel activity and our project activity in the North Sea.

But the way that I would maybe summarize it is that we remain very confident in our full year guidance.
And Marc, I'd add to that, that keep in mind that we're saying at least 8.5%, and we are very confident in
that.

And did you want more than that, Marc, on the other?

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Yes. No, certainly. I mean to the extent you can talk about the other businesses. I mean, for example,
Surface, I would suspect that there's potential for some revenue improvement from third to fourth, just
kind of given the momentum that we're seeing in North America. But perhaps the international exposure is
something that could offset?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Marc, Surface North America is a bit hard. As you know, a lot of times, they run in the budgetary
constraints at the end of the year. And you actually see a bit of softening in North America in terms of the
revenue trend in the fourth quarter. But right now, I would say it's a very fluid situation, but we're very
proud of our international franchise and the strength of our international franchise.

And Arnaud, do you want to make a comment on Technip Energies?

Arnaud Pieton
President & CEO of Technip Energies

Yes. Thank you, Doug. I mean, not really much to add other than we remain confident in delivering the
guidance for the year. So you have 3 quarters in hands now. So it's -- yes, and just confident for the rest
of the year.

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Well, maybe if I could just ask a follow-on to '21 is we just think about the progression of Subsea
margin. I think last time we talked, there was some expectation that you wouldn't quite be to the level
of utilization where we could really see a nice uptick in margins, but you did mention here in the third
quarter, you had some nice utilization.

Just kind of curious how that factor plays out in '21 just based on what you know right now?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes, Marc. Industry-wide, vessel utilization next year will not be good. So don't anticipate that there's
going to be a big uptick in the utilization, and I'm talking across industry, still way too much capacity.
Projects had gotten deferred as a result of the pandemic. That's pushed some things to the right. That's
pushed maybe some of the utilization recovery for the industry to the right.

Now as you know, we've been selling vessels, we'll continue to pursue that path. And it may be cold
stacking, it may be selling. It just depends upon what the opportunities present. And we're not building
new vessels. And I would encourage the industry to quit building new vessels. We need to learn to
work together, and we're going to be the leader in that. And we're going to lead by example, and we're
going to continue to form strategic alliances and work with others and make sure that we can feed our
very healthy integrated projects and ensure that we have the capability to deliver and continue to grow

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

those integrated projects. And we're very happy to do that through collaboration versus through direct
ownership and adding capacity into the market.

So this is a big change. We're leading that change. It's the right thing to do for the industry, and it's
certainly the right thing to do for our company. And it's most definitely the right thing to do for our
investors.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jean-Luc Romain from CIBC (sic) [ CIC ] Market Solutions.

Jean-Luc Romain
CIC Market Solutions (ESN), Research Division

It seems that ExxonMobil is asking for a price reduction for its Mozambique LNG project before it sanctions
it definitively. Could you give more your thoughts about it?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sorry, we were having a bit of trouble here. We had some audio issues here. I believe you were asking
regarding some of the recent media coverage and discussions around the Rovuma project. Is that correct?

Jean-Luc Romain
CIC Market Solutions (ESN), Research Division

That's correct.

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sorry. Thank you very much. Look, as you know, we remain very -- in very close collaboration and
working very closely with ExxonMobil on this project, an important project for us and for our partners. We
remain very excited about this project, and our singular focus is to work with ExxonMobil, along with our
partners to ensure that we can reach the best project economics for the project.

That's been the way since the very beginning. It's why we were selected, and our consortium was
selected, and we should expect that we would continue to do so. I don't think there's much more to read
into some of the media coverage than just good, normal project practice and project engineering.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead from RBC.

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So Doug, I'm really curious with the push here that's going on from the industry on reducing
decarbonizing, not just the energy industry, but other industries, a lot of hype around the hydrogen
opportunity and your participation now with McPhy.

So I'm curious about what do you see is the potential addressable market opportunity for both Technip
Energies and for FTI, the Subsea piece of the business, if there is one that exists. So just looking for some
additional context, insight, anything you provide on that would be very helpful.

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sure, Kurt. You can't see me, but I have a big smile on my face, but you're not going to fully like my
answer, I know that. We have the answer, but I have a keynote presentation in, I think, 2 weeks' time, a
little less than 2 weeks' time. And I really don't want to steal my thunder or the thunder for the company.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

But Kurt, I think what we're going to have to say will be very, very compelling. The opportunities are most
definitely applied across the portfolio. And what we're going to show, Kurt, and it's just our style, I'm
not suggesting it's the best, but it's what we do. We tend to really build our -- build up and have some
real credible examples, we say, making it real versus just kind of going out, let's say, with pure ambition
and belief. And you've heard us do more and more of that. You've heard me talk about iProduction,
reducing future to greenhouse gas emissions by 50%. You've heard me talk about Subsea 2.0, reducing
greenhouse gases by 47%, and you saw us make our strategic investment in green hydrogen with the
recent investment we made to McPhy, which I'm going to ask Arnaud to tell you a bit more about the
hydrogen market.

But Kurt, I apologize to you, but I promise the -- it's a very compelling message. I'd like to deliver that
message in the proper setting. And the work has been done. We actually -- we'll talk about what we
have done, where we've been investing because in some of these areas we've been investing for over 5
years. This isn't anything new. We're going to talk about the fact that we're doing it because we believe
it's the right thing to do, not because it's because of popular demand, you have to believe in what you're
doing. And we're going to show real examples of the impact that we're having. We're going to set forth
the ambition, but we're all -- going to also set forth a 3-year measurable plan and a scorecard that our
progress can be judged against.

And we're going to focus on those markets where we can actually generate good returns. So we're going
to be selective. And you've heard me say that before. There's some very popular offshore markets right
now that people are pursuing. But when you really look at it, and it doesn't take long to analyze it, there's
just not enough left for the installation company to make a decent return. So these packages are being
split upwards of 8 contractors, which would typically be done between 1 or 2 contractors. So if you're the
8th on the list, if you don't have the technology, if you're not bringing together the integration, if you're
not the -- if you're just doing the installation, that we don't believe we can generate the type of returns
that our shareholders expect from us.

So we're looking at other things. And you're going to hear me talk about some things in a couple of
weeks that I think will really be surprising, but they'll be backed up by facts, they'll be backed up by real
examples of what we're doing, and it will be an ambition that is -- will be very, very compelling.

I'd like to let Arnaud talk a bit about the hydrogen market. This is a market we've been in for quite a
while. And we were very excited about our recent investment in green hydrogen. Arnaud?

Arnaud Pieton
President & CEO of Technip Energies

Yes. Thank you, Doug, and thank you, Kurt, for the question. So as Doug stated, we do have -- as
TechnipFMC and Technip Energy has a very rich history in hydrogen, we -- basically we have an installed
base that is 270 plants utilizing our proprietary technology. And when you combine that with our leading
CO2 management capabilities, one can say that we have pretty much everything we need to be a very
credible player in the blue hydrogen industry space as it evolves. So blue is going to mature. Green is not
totally mature, but will mature as well.

And this investment in McPhy is basically a way for us to position Technip Energies to be or to continue to
be a leader on large-scale hydrogen market, including the green. So of course, this is the beginning with
McPhy, and there might be other opportunities going forward. But partnering with McPhy is partnering with
a Tier 1 electrolyzer supplier, and we will help with the IP development, help to scale and accelerate the
technology. And we are super excited about it because it's a way to be forward-looking and continue on
that hydrogen journey that we started many decades ago and where we do have a leadership position. So
it's about preparing for the future already.

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Great. And Doug, that teaser alone should probably be worth about 4 to 5 multiple points on the stock. So
looking forward to that presentation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Mark Wilson from Jefferies.

Mark Wilson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I was going to ask on energy transition, but I think you've answered that very clearly, and we look forward
to that presentation. So maybe I'll just cover off on that. Firstly, is that the alliance you announced in the
North Sea, did you give a name for that new alliance partner?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

They most definitely have a name. It is a very well-known name, but they would like to, let's say, have
a bit more -- they want to wait for an event. And the event is when we will announce our first integrated
project with them. We're right now in the integrated FEED phase on their portfolio. And we would expect
that to become -- to come and to be one of those -- at least one of those to convert into an integrated
project, which is when we would then, let's say, formally announce along with the -- our client and
partners' name at the same time. We've done that a few times. Again, for us, we like that as well. Again,
it makes it more real. It's not about marketing. It's about reality. And I think, once again, the industry will
be surprised at projects that are moving forward and the economics that are move -- and it's enabled by
the economics because of our unique integrated offering.

So we're working on these on a proprietary basis. All we have to do is to move them from the iFEED to the
iEPCI. If they convert, then ours is a direct award in this exclusive relationship, long-term relationship with
yet another Subsea operator. We could not be more proud.

Mark Wilson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Excellent. Okay. And Mayann, then to cover up on Yamal, could I ask what is the profile we should expect
those remaining contract liabilities to roll off over? Is that a 2-year period or shorter than that?

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you for the question, Mark. So I would say, certainly no more than 2 years as we are in the
warranty phase. And as you know, those trends had multiple warranty periods. This year, you saw a
fairly significant unwind. We've had multiple successive quarters of project improvement. We continue to
have a high degree of confidence in the execution, excellence and the ability to avoid risk. And therefore,
that unwind should be no more than 2 years, but certainly are quite successful, as we see the project
progression. So we expect that to be a positive result, Mark.

Mark Wilson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. And those revenues will still pass through the top line and the MRL as you work off the warranty?

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

That's correct. They will. They will come through as revenue just as you've seen. Absolutely correct, and
unwind the contract liability, yes.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of George O'Leary from TPH & Company.

George Michael O'Leary
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

On -- I know you guys have historically had a position on the biodiesel front, but renewable diesel seems
to be catching more headlines these days. I wondered if you could lay out for us if there's any opportunity
for TechnipFMC on that renewable diesel side of the equation and what you guys are kind of seeing in that
end market.

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

So you're right, there's been a lot of focus both on biodiesel as well as renewable diesel. I think the
renewable diesel market, we all -- it's still very early stages. I think we all need to spend just a little more
time before we make too strong of any comments regarding the renewable diesel market.

But as you know, the biodiesel market is an area of strength for our company. We couldn't be more proud
of the relationship that we have with Neste, the continued projects that we have with Neste and this very
strong execution that we've had along the way.

So I'd like to turn it over to Arnaud to add a few of his own comments regarding the subject.

Arnaud Pieton
President & CEO of Technip Energies

Yes. Thank you, Doug, and thank you, George. So yes, I'm just -- it's going to be a short addition to
Doug's comments, but -- Doug's answer, but yes, we do have -- we are enjoying a very strong market
position today in biodiesel. We have the technology, the know-how and we have that long history
with Neste. And we are their preferred partners on the projects with many references in biodiesel,
bioethanol, biojet, and there is our technology and that partnership continues to bear fruit, if I may say.
So yes, I don't have much to add other than just -- we are very, very pleased and very happy about that
collaboration, and it is deep. And it is a recurring win -- a recurring one, which we are enjoying and that
when we can have this type of relationship and making us a leader in biodiesel and biofuels.

We're happy and we're going to -- we are nurturing it because it's an important one for us. But we have
many references, as you may know, and we continue to work with them on scaling each and every time
we can with them.

George Michael O'Leary
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division

Great. Appreciate the color there. And then, Doug, you mentioned the iComplete system earlier, and I
appreciate the 50% reduction in equipment. And I realize that probably helps from a connections point
and having to have less people out on the well site just by the virtue of having less equipment.

But I wondered if you could explain the offering just a little bit more to better help us conceptualize how
and why it reduces labor on-site and some of the efficiencies that drives even if at a high level, just to kind
of help us better understand the offering and how it's differentiated versus the competition in the market?
It sounds like you're making good headway, getting those systems into every major U.S. basin. So any
color there would be extremely helpful.

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sure. And it will be -- I'm going to maybe use an analogy, it might not be a great analogy, but I think it
helps visualize. If one hasn't been on one of these multi-stage 24/7, kind of, operating environments that
is happening in most of the U.S. shale today, it's kind of hard to appreciate. So I'll try to visualize it for
you.

There's just a scurry of activity. And then there's the actual execution or, if you will, the pumping of
the stage, at which point everybody goes back and it's highly automated, and it's really managed quite
efficiently. But it's -- what happens between those stages, that is at best orchestrated and at worst
chaotic, I describe it as a bunch of ants just scurrying around a bunch of simultaneous operations. You're

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

dealing with high-pressure regions, you're dealing with very trip hazards. It's just -- it's very complicated,
but it's the way that the industry has been doing it forever, right. I say forever since I've been around.

But what is -- we looked at it, and we consider ourselves to be an integrated architect. And it's what we do
in the Subsea. Everything in Subsea uses automation and control. You don't have people running around
in between operations because, obviously, they're unable to because it's at the bottom of the ocean.

So we said, well, why can't we do that on surface? And of course, initially, people say, "Oh, it's not
possible, it's not applicable, et cetera. But when you put really smart people on it, and we have a
tremendous amount of really smart people and talented people and give them the challenge, it's amazing
what they're able to do.

And what they were able to do was to look at it and take that part of the activity that nobody owns,
it's owned by many different contractors. And say, why doesn't somebody kind of take charge here and
really find a way to make most of this activity automated, removing that interface, removing all of those
activities and at the same time, accelerating and improving the overall efficiency and most importantly,
the safe environment in which to operate.

And it's really quite amazing. And I don't know if I'm giving it justice the way that I'm describing it to
you, but we went from a best orchestrated worst chaos to now something that's remotely operated. The
client controls everything from an iPad. All of those activities that have to happen in between are now fully
automated, and it's quite meaningful. And the market acceptance, it was barely introduced.

I know it's the first time we're talking about iComplete on an earnings call, it's really because it's relatively
new. We've been working on it for a while, but it's just amazing how quickly it's spread because, again, it's
just one of these things. If you come up with the right solution that makes sense that the customer can
get real upfront benefit from that, we get tremendous benefit from in terms of our operating efficiency.
And in this case our market share, these things tend to be very successful. So don't make them overly
complex, focus on the things that matter and deliver real results. That's our company.

Operator

And our final question today will come from the line of Guillaume Delaby from Societe Generale.

Guillaume Delaby
Societe Generale Cross Asset Research

Yes. The final question, basically, if we go back to the last 6 months, what is the main or the 2 main
lessons you would draw from the last 6 months. And from that lesson, how those lessons are currently
reshaping vision of the company for the next 2 to 4 years. What is different now? How do you see now
TechnipFMC in 2 to 4 years? Versus how you used to see it 6 months ago?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

That's a -- It's a great question. It's hard to get it down to 2 lessons learned. But for the sake of time, I
will do my best. There's quite a few lessons that have been learned over the last 6 months.

If I just try -- if I just try to pick 2, the first one is do what is right, do what is right. It's got to feel right in
the mind, and it's got to feel right in the heart. So what do I mean by that? Be it the way that we reacted
to the pandemic, by putting 100% of focus on the health and well-being of our employees, our partners
and our contractors, trusting them, giving them the tools that they need, helping them through this very
difficult period and then allowing them to perform.

And it's just amazing to me what was done during this period of time when many, many other companies
failed, when many other companies struggled because the complexity of adapting to the number of
changes that were being thrown at us on a weekly, daily and in some cases, hourly basis and our project
directors and project teams and our manufacturing staff and our crews that were out on the vessels, I
just -- I can't say enough. So if there's a lesson learned there, take care of them, keep them healthy, give

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

them the tools they need to do the job and have faith and trust and confidence, and it's amazing. It's
amazing what people will do.

The second one is really around the change of behaviors. Becoming too internally focused, not staying
close to your customer, I think, has really hurt a lot of companies. We remain very close to our customers.
We weren't pestering them. They obviously had to work through their own challenges that were coming at
them, but letting them know that we were there. We would support them in whatever way that we could,
and we did in some very unique ways, in terms of helping them mobilize people, in terms of helping them
with some early COVID testing kits, whatever that -- whatever was required, just built so much loyalty
and so much trust. And they also are now extending to us even greater, let's say, latitude to operate.

So I see in the future where we've always wanted to get. But when it comes to remote inspections versus
on-site inspections, when it comes to more integration versus less integration, look I think this is the new
reality. It is proven. It is creating value. And I think that this very terrible crisis that we went through, in
some cases, probably accelerated some of this adaption (sic) adaptation and adoption by the industry, I
would argue by, maybe, as much as 5 years.

And I think -- I do think it's here to stay. I don't think it will revert. We are talking to clients very seriously
now about how they're going to operate their major projects going forward, both in Technip Energies as
well as in Subsea. And I think you'll find our company playing a much more prominent role than we have
historically.

Operator

I would now like to turn the call back over to Matt Seinsheimer for closing remarks.

Matt Seinsheimer
Vice President of Investor Relations

This concludes our third quarter conference call. A replay of the call will be available on our website
beginning at approximately 8:00 p.m. British Summer Time today.

If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact any member of the Investor Relations team.
Thank you so much for joining us. Operator, Lisa, you may end the call.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

