The TJX Companies, Inc. NYSE:TJX
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, August 19, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(0.13)

(0.18)

Revenue  (mm)

6610.56

6667.58

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-19-2020 3:25 PM GMT

NM

0.86

0.52

0.44

2.60

10107.24

33428.80

42125.20

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.66

0.77

(0.18)

(0.13)

0.68

0.81

(0.74)

(0.18)

3.03 %

5.19 %

NM

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Debra McConnell
Senior Vice President of Global
Communications

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Jamie Susan Merriman
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Lorraine Corrine Maikis
Hutchinson
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Mark R. Altschwager
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Paul Trussell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies Second Quarter Fiscal
2021 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being
recorded, August 9, 2020.

I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of
The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Jordan. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.

Debra McConnell
Senior Vice President of Global Communications

Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the
company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and
the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's
SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 27, 2020, and the Form 10-Q filed May
21, 2020.

Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc.
Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior
consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while
we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call via third party, we take no responsibility for
inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript.

Thank you, and now I'll turn it back over to Ernie.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Before I speak to our business
update, I'd like to comment on the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic and the important issue of
racial justice. First, we are thinking of everyone whose lives have been affected by the pandemic,
including our associates and their families, customers and the communities we serve. As we navigate
this unprecedented environment, I want to emphasize that the health and well-being of our associates
and customers has been front and center in our decision-making. Next, I want to reiterate the important
messages we have shared with our associates and customers on supporting racial justice. I want to be
very clear that we stand with our Black associates, customers and communities, and we stand for racial
justice. We understand that the diversity of our associate base makes us a stronger company and better
able to serve our broad base of customers around the world. Inclusion and diversity have long been a
priority at TJX, and we recognized more than ever that we need to continue working to do better. We have
increased our global efforts by pledging $10 million in grant funding over the next 2 years to organizations
that are actively working on racial justice. Further, we are initiating several programs internally to help us
continue to grow a more inclusive and diverse organization across our company. We will continue to share
updates on our corporate website, tjx.com, where you can also learn more about our existing programs in
the inclusion and diversity section.

Now to our second quarter discussion and the amazing efforts of our associates. We are very pleased that
nearly all of our stores worldwide and each of our online shopping websites were open for business by the
end of June, as we expected. I cannot emphasize enough how proud I am of the work our associates have
done to bring us to where we are today. So many people across our organization have worked tirelessly
to help us operate safely in the current environment and welcome our customers back. To temporarily

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2020

close and then reopen more than 4,500 stores in 9 countries and dozens of distribution and fulfillment
centers in such a short period of time was a monumental task that was terrifically executed by our teams.
I want to specifically highlight the amazing effort and dedication of our store, distribution center and
fulfillment center associates worldwide who came to work and kept the business moving forward in these
unprecedented times. In recognition of their efforts, we awarded the majority of these associates an
appreciation bonus in the second quarter, which will be paid in August. Going forward, we hope to identify
more opportunities through the end of 2020 to reward and recognize these associates for their continued
contributions to our business.

Now to an overview of our second quarter results. For the quarter, there were many positives I want to
highlight. First, I am so proud of our one TJX culture. While our stores were closed, our global teams came
together and shared their collective knowledge and expertise to reopen the business successfully. Some
examples include developing safety protocols and best practices for operating our stores, distribution
centers and global offices; leveraging our global buying ops to source merchandise; working together
to maintain our excellent, long-standing relationships with many of our global merchandise and non-
merchandise vendors; and identifying expense and capital savings in prioritizing investments.

Second, we generated outstanding cash flow and significantly increased our liquidity during the second
quarter, which gives us financial stability and flexibility as we navigate the current landscape. Next, we
are very pleased with our second quarter results, particularly given our stores were only open a little more
than 2/3 of the quarter. Both our top and bottom lines well exceeded our internal plans. Overall, open-only
comp store sales were down 3%. We saw very strong initial sales trends across all of our retail banners
and countries and great customer response to our compelling values. While hard to quantify, we believe
some portion of this initial strength was due to pent-up consumer demand as our average transaction size
or basket was significantly higher than usual as shoppers purchase more items per visit.

I want to point out that we saw this consumer demand and achieved these sales with little marketing
investment in the second quarter. We have been a trusted value leader for more than 40 years. And as
we reopened our stores around the world, the response of our customers was beyond what we could
have imagined. We have always been grateful for the loyalty of our valued customers. And as we call it,
the brand love we saw from shoppers was absolutely fantastic. Further, what we are hearing from our
customers, particularly on social media, has been phenomenal with millions of positive comments during
the quarter.

Fourth, our merchandise margin was excellent. Markdowns were significantly lower than we had
anticipated due to the greater-than-expected consumer demand and sales as we reopened our
stores. Mark-on was also stronger than we anticipated due to better buying, which also allowed us to
simultaneously bring great value to our shoppers.

Next, throughout the quarter, we saw strength in several categories across the business. We saw
especially strong sales at our HomeGoods and HomeSense chains and in our home categories within all
of our other chains across our geographies as demand for home merchandise increased substantially.
Specifically, HomeGoods delivered double-digit open-only comp sales increases each month of the quarter.

Lastly, we are very pleased with the initial safety satisfaction scores from our customers as we reopen
stores. We have also seen shoppers make return visits to our stores, which indicates to us that the health
and safety protocols we put in place are meeting their expectations.

Now to the cadence of sales. Again, initial sales in our reopened stores exceeded our internal plans.
Following the wave of strong initial demand, traffic and sales moderated as we moved through the second
quarter and into the third quarter. We believe that this was due to a number of COVID-related factors,
including the impact on consumer behavior and demand and lighter store inventories than we planned. As
we reopened, we weren't able to optimize the inventory flow back to our stores like we would in a normal
environment.

In addition to delays ramping our business back up, government reopening guidance caused some
misalignment in the timing of when we reopened distribution centers and stores, particularly in Canada.
Further, our vendors and transportation providers were also ramping their businesses back up, which

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2020

caused some logistical delays with merchandise arriving to our distribution centers. We have put strategies
in place to mitigate some of these inventory delays going forward. Although overall inventory was lighter
than we would have liked, we were very happy with the productivity of our store inventory, and our turns
were very healthy.

As we look to the third quarter, one of our main priorities is to be there for our customers when they are
ready to be out there shopping. We are convinced that there is plenty of consumer demand for our wide
selection of merchandise and great values across all of our banners. We were pleased to see our overall
customer satisfaction scores increased as we moved through the quarter. As to our merchandise mix, we
are staying flexible as always in making adjustments to pivot more to the hot categories and trends that
consumers want. We are not at our optimal mix yet but have made great progress in flexing our buying
dollars into these hot categories in a short period of time. We believe there is a long runway ahead of our
home and other hot categories, and we are positioning ourselves to take advantage of these opportunities.
We are confident that we can continue to make improvements to our mix in the third quarter and offer
shoppers compelling values.

Overall, product availability remains excellent. We are seeing new vendors across all categories and across
good, better and best brands reach out to do business with us. Further, we believe the robust availability
will likely lead to opportunistic packaway opportunities across our divisions. While we are seeing great
overall availability, there is not as much product as we would like in some of the hotter categories we
are chasing. I want to be clear that we believe this is a short-term issue. We continue to buy extremely
well, which we believe bodes well for our third quarter mark-on and our ability to offer consumers exciting
values on high-quality branded merchandise.

Also in the third quarter, we plan to restart our television and digital marketing campaigns. The campaigns
our marketing team have planned for the back half of this year are terrific and will highlight our excellent
values. We'll be spending less but leveraging our dollars and the strengths of our retail brands together
in a multi-banner campaign in the U.S. and Canada. We believe we have the right mix of television and
digital advertising plan to capture the attention of new consumers while staying top of mind with our
existing customers.

Moving to our medium- and long-term outlook. I want to emphasize why we are confident that we can
capture market share and continue our successful growth around the world whenever the environment
normalizes. First is our value mission. We believe consumers' desire for value will remain as important as
ever beyond the health crisis, and amazing value has been the core business for over 4 decades.

Second, our flexibility is a tremendous advantage. Our flexible store formats allow us to chase the hot
categories as we respond to consumer preferences and market trends.

Next, we are convinced that our long-standing vendor relationships will continue to serve us extremely
well. We work very hard to maintain mutually beneficial relationships with the universe of over 21,000
vendors and want to be their first call when they have off-price opportunities. Further, we believe the
global nature of our buying organization, with 16 buying offices around the world and more than 1,100
associates sourcing merchandise from 100-plus countries, will allow us to leverage the best opportunities
wherever they present themselves and offer consumers terrific values.

Fourth, we believe the appeal of in-store shopping is not going away. Many shoppers continue to be
attracted to the experience of walking our stores to discover something new and be inspired and to assess
the quality of the merchandise firsthand. Our customers have told us that our treasure hunt shopping
experience is a source of entertainment and a way for them to have a release and some feel-good "me"
time.

Next, we continue to serve a very wide customer demographic and see great potential to continue our
global store growth long term. A vast majority of our stores are in high-traffic and off-mall locations which
are easy to access and provide consumers with a convenient and efficient way to shop.

And lastly, we believe that once more customers are comfortable with in-store shopping again, we will be
in a great position to gain market share as we have done for many years. As other retailers continue to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2020

close stores, we are confident we'll be able to capitalize on real estate opportunities for our global store
growth and capture a larger piece of the consumer's wallet.

We have great confidence that the characteristics and strengths of our business will continue to serve us
well over the short, medium and long term. I know we all very much look forward to the day when the
environment normalizes. And when it does, we believe we will be an even stronger company and in an
excellent position to continue offering consumers exciting brands and amazing values.

In closing, I want to reiterate my appreciation to all of our associates worldwide who have done
extraordinary work to reopen our operations. Even in this highly uncertain environment, we have great
confidence in the future of this great business. TJX is a fundamentally strong company with a successful
track record that spans over 4 decades, including several recessions. Further, the depth and experience
of our management bench with their decades-long tenures at TJX truly sets us apart and something I see
as another major advantage. I can assure you that our entire team is focused on preserving the strength
and stability of the company in the near term while simultaneously strategizing for the long term. As we
have seen throughout our history, we learn and adapt through market disruptions, and we are confident
we can leverage those learnings to drive our success in the future. We feel very good about the enduring,
competitive strengths of our business model and our long-term opportunities to keep bringing great values
to consumers around the world.

Now I'll turn the call over to Scott for a financial update, and then we'll open it up for questions. Scott?

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to first echo Ernie's comments and thank all our
global associates for getting us to where we are today. Their dedication and flexibility over the last 5
months is truly appreciated.

I'll start today with some additional details of our second quarter results. As Ernie mentioned, we were
very pleased with our second quarter results, particularly given that our stores were only open a little
more than 2/3 of the quarter. Overall and top and bottom line exceeded our internal plans with sales
across each of our divisions higher than we anticipated. Overall, open-only comp stores were down 3%.
Although customer traffic was down significantly, average customer basket increased significantly as
consumers responded to our great values and put more items in their carts. As to conversion, in our stores
where we can measure it, it was up. Again, merchandise margin was excellent driven by strong mark-on
and lower markdowns than we anticipated.

Moving to the bottom line. I want to mention that our second quarter loss per share includes a significant
negative impact from tax expense. This tax expense was primarily driven by a tax loss carryback benefit
that was booked in the first quarter and was reversed in the second quarter due to our better-than-
expected results.

As to our second quarter inventory, the decline was due to a combination of factors. First, we intentionally
planned lower store inventory levels, primarily to promote associate and customer safety through social
distancing, like fewer racks to have wider files in our stores. Second, we had stronger-than-expected sales
in the second quarter, which created a need to replenish store inventories faster than we had anticipated.
Lastly, we also had some delays in flowing inventory back to stores, as Ernie spoke to. To reiterate, overall
availability of merchandise in the marketplace is excellent and was not a factor in the lower inventory
levels for the quarter.

Now I want to spend a moment on some expense items. Again, I want to highlight that we were very
pleased with our bottom line. During the second quarter, we continued to operate the business under tight
expense controls. Through our one TJX lens, all of our divisions have collaborated to find ways to minimize
costs without compromising the health of the company. In the second quarter, we realized significant
cost savings from the work we did in the first quarter to strengthen our liquidity. Similar to the first
quarter, expenses were also reduced due to government credits, primarily related to paying our associates
while stores were closed. These expense savings were more than offset by several incremental costs

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2020

related to the COVID-19 pandemic, most of which we had anticipated. These included incremental payroll
investments in our stores for enhanced cleaning and monitoring capacity, payroll for store associates we
kept active to support the business while stores were temporarily closed, incremental expense related
to the second quarter associate appreciation bonus that already -- Ernie referenced earlier and personal
protective equipment for our associates. Without these expenses, our bottom line would have been much
better. It is also important to highlight again that we were only open for a little more than 2/3 of the
quarter, and we've still incurred expenses during that time when we were closed. These included store
associate payroll when we were closed as well as rent, utilities and depreciation. As a reminder, about
65% of our expenses, excluding merchandise costs, are fixed that we can pull back on when we're closed.
Lastly, the lower inventory levels resulted in a greater proportion of our distribution and buying costs being
expensed in the quarter which we would not expect to repeat for the rest of the year.

Looking at the remainder of the year, we expect incremental net costs related to COVID of approximately
250 basis points in both the third and fourth quarter, which does not include incremental interest expense.
This estimate includes expenses for our ongoing COVID-related payroll and associated personal protective
equipment. Further, we are now expecting incremental freight costs and expenses related to additional
third-party providers that will help our North American distribution centers process goods. Additionally, as
Ernie mentioned, we hope to identify more opportunities through the end of 2020 to reward and recognize
our store distribution and fulfillment center associates.

Now I'd like to walk through our second quarter cash flow and our current liquidity position. During the
quarter, we generated $3.4 billion of operating cash flow. The primary driver was sales flow through as the
merchandise sold in the second quarter was mostly paid for in the first quarter. Further, the merchandise
our buyers bought in the second quarter will mostly be paid for in the third quarter. We also maintained
tight expense and capital spending controls during the quarter.

With our strong second quarter cash flow generation, we paid off the $1 billion we drew down from our
revolving credit facilities back in March 2020. Further, at the beginning of the third quarter, we increased
the amount of borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities by $500 million and now have a total
of $1.5 billion available to us. We ended the second quarter in a strong liquidity position with $6.6 billion
in cash.

Given the current environment, we will continue to be prudent with our expenses, capital spending and
shareholder distributions. In fiscal 2021, we now expect capital spending to be approximately $600
million to $800 million, up from our previous range of $400 million to $600 million as we resume some
of our distribution center and systems investments to support our long-term growth plans. Regarding
shareholder distributions, we are not planning any further stock buybacks this year. Also at this time,
we do not expect to declare a dividend in the third quarter but remain committed to paying shareholder
dividends over the long term.

Lastly, for the third quarter, we are planning overall open-only comp store sales to decrease in the range
of 10% to 20%, which is in line with the sales trends we have seen since the middle of July and the
beginning of August. This wide sales plan reflects the uncertainty of the current environment and the
difficulty in forecasting the impact of the global pandemic on consumer behavior, demand and traffic as
well as an anticipated slower back-to-school selling season. Further, due to this uncertainty, we are not
providing any additional guidance for the third quarter or financial outlook for fiscal 2021 at this time.

Wrapping up, we are pleased with our second quarter sales and our improved financial position. In these
times, we believe we are taking the right approach to planning our business and maintaining a solid
balance sheet. To reiterate Ernie's points, the entire TJX management team has great confidence that we
will successfully navigate through this environment. And whenever it normalizes, we believe TJX will be an
even stronger company.
Now we are happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thanks. And now we will open it up to
questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kimberly Greenberger.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Great. And thanks for all the detail today. We really appreciate it. I wanted to ask, it sounds like,
just putting all the pieces together, that sales are being impacted by timely inventory flow to stores. Also,
I think, Ernie, you said in some hot categories there's not as much inventory available in the marketplace
as you would like or as the demand would suggest. So I'm just wondering, as you look forward over
the next 1, 2, 3, 4 months, is there a point in time this calendar year where you think you get back into
equilibrium, where in-store inventory levels are sort of appropriate and flowing in a timely manner so that
you can meet all of the consumer demand that's out there? Or do you think that we're really looking at
maybe Q1 of next year for that normalization process?

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Great questions, Kimberly. Let's start with the -- so your question about inventory and then the hot
category as not having as much availability in some of those, those are a piece of what's going on. But
the other thing, and we talk about it, we don't give a number is there's a reduced foot traffic in our stores.
That's really the biggest piece of this right now. I would say it's -- so there's a handful of things which
we did mention in the script. We just -- I don't think in the script we can get out in terms of the priority
as much of the ratio of the impact. But right now, the #1 thing is consumers on nonessential categories,
so non-trending categories, which I would say is more of your -- some of your apparel, more traditional,
casual or career-related apparel. This is no secret for anybody across any retailers. Those areas are weak.
And the foot traffic coming in the store, to begin with, is off because you only need, say, one out of every
-- say you had 1 out of every 7 or 8 customers of normal customer traffic that just aren't comfortable
right now going to the brick and mortar. So right there, Kimberly, I think, you have a chunk, and that's
probably a number. We -- it's hard for us to measure it, but that is from what we can see on the footfall a
big reason.

Now go to the other 2 things you brought up, both are accurate. We were on the inventory, and we might
as well go -- you're asking the question. I figured we get these questions from a few of you. On the
inventory, so here's how it kind of went. When we had the shutdown and then we were shut down for
those weeks, when we went to ramp up, I would say some of this on ramping up had to do less at the
time had to do with actual availability of goods and more on actually getting the goods here. And then, I
guess, in hindsight, we would say we probably -- yes, we -- could we have started pulling the trigger and
buying a couple of weeks sooner? In hindsight, I would say that's accurate. The only thing is with all the
variables at the time, we weren't running to just -- until we could get a run rate post the pent-up demand
run rate, which, obviously, we -- as we talked last time, we were being very cautious about how strong
was the run rate when you got a couple of months later, and sure enough, you do have a traffic -- foot
traffic slowdown coming into the stores. So we got impacted by the inventory. Part was availability. More
of it was just getting it here, and part of it then was also -- what had happened on getting it here, and this
is what's also been going on now as we enter the third quarter, vendors have had a hard time ramping up
and shipping goods. So in their warehouses, they've had to, as you can imagine, social distance, and their
productivity out of their DCs has also held back the ability for us to pick the goods up as quickly as normal
once we write the order. So that's an interesting dynamic we haven't run into before. I believe that starts
to go away over the next month or 2 as they figure out how to work more efficiently.

And then your second question about hot category, yes. We've had some pockets in our hot categories
of business. So in home, which, clearly, is a top performer for us, and we are going to push more of our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2020

on order for the future into home. As you would expect, we still will not be picture-perfect there because
there are some categories that we will probably not catch in the third quarter.

Now your last part of the question, I guess part 3 -- Scott will scold you because you've had 3 questions,
actually, but that's okay. The -- but it's -- we understand. They're all connected, actually. So the third part
is we think we will actually make more progress into the fourth quarter versus the first quarter. So you
were talking about -- now do we think the availability for first quarter next year is tremendous? Absolutely
because of the way all of the retailers had a shutdown, which has resulted in tremendous packaway
opportunities, which our merchants have really recently started taking advantage of. We actually hadn't
taken advantage of them back a month ago. So if you look a few weeks ago, we were actually down
in our packaways, but we have very quickly, in the last few weeks, already started buying tremendous
packaways for next first quarter. So I think most -- all of these availability issues are really behind us for
first quarter of next year. It's the transition third quarter we're going to have some pockets of challenge,
for sure, on inventory. We think by mid-quarter, by the way, we're going to be in much better shape
than we are now, but we're not going to be at last year levels by any means. We'll be somewhere in
between is what Scott and I have looked at. And then when we get to the fourth quarter, I think we'll
be in better shape. Again, I would tell you, a driver is foot traffic. I will also tell you we have the utmost
of confidence that as we go through this and we start to come out midterm into next year, given all
the store closures, we just think we are going to begin to take major market share. As little by little,
consumers get more comfortable going to nonessential retailers, and little by little, as we get to a more
normalized environment, we think that's when we start to take up a lot of the market share from store
closures and everything else that's going on around us as well as home business and some of the other
hot categories which we haven't identified today. Sorry for the long-winded message, but your question
kind of encompassed everything.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

It was fantastic. I appreciate all the color there.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

You're welcome.

Operator

Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez.

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Ernie, just curious, you talked a little bit about the packaway merchandise. I'm curious, based on what
you're paying for to that merchandise as you turn that on again, what are the expected margins on that
product relative to what you might normally see for packaway merchandise? And then just, second, I'm
curious. You talked about that down 10% to 20%. Are you buying inventory to that sort of comp level and
managing expenses to that level? And how quickly can you react if sales come in stronger than planned?

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

All right. Let's take one at a time, Paul. So the -- yes, we are buying to that kind of level. But knowing
how nimble we are with our -- and how flexible this business model is, once we see -- once we get to the
more normalized inventory level, which, again, we're hoping to get there in about a month, we will then
be able to judge our inventory relationship to sales relative to foot traffic. And from there, we can start
to decide should we inch up the inventory even a little bit more or a little bit less. But to your point, yes,
that's where we're headed. And that is why we're giving you this range because it's a wide range. As Scott
is always saying, we could drive a truck through this thing in terms of -- because the variables in terms of
traffic is what we can't control, so we're controlling the controllables, which we feel great about.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2020

I tell you the other thing we feel great about is our inventory in the store, the turns, and I mentioned it
in the script. So here's the really healthy barometer. We are turning extremely healthy, and our inventory
that's in the store, even the lean inventories, are really -- and most of our divisions were turning faster
than last year. And the inventory -- the innate turn numbers, which we won't give you, are very fast. So
the customer is loving what we have in the stores. The productivity is great. We are just -- we were just
getting hit with not as many people walking in the store right now, and we need that to normalize. But
we are certainly when she or he is in, they are buying, which is always a great barometer. So I think I
answered the second.

The margin question, which was your first, so the packaways. And I'm going to let Scott jump in on some
other bigger-picture margin. But our -- we have been taking advantage of these market opportunities on
packaways, and the mark-on has been very healthy. Again, we can't give the number, but it has been, I
would say, significantly above last year on what we would normally have for mark-on on our packaways.
The problem is packaways are still just a small, small number. But it's an indicator because our off-price
goods, and as Scott mentioned, our merchandise margin, has been very healthy to begin with. So those
have all been -- we're happy with our merchandise margin. It's the top line traffic that we're more focused
on right now. Scott, do you want to...

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. First, just going back to Ernie's comment on the packaway and the packaway inventory. Just at the
end of July, where Ernie said, because it's really just recently, as he indicated, that we've been buying the
packaways. And actually, over the last few weeks, we've been buying more packaways than the same time
as last year. But at the end of the second quarter, the packaway, since we had -- we're not buying it early
on or most of the quarter, it costs us 5% of a delta on the balance sheet just for the packaway difference.
So it's -- we still were down considerably in inventory, but that was certainly a piece of it.

In terms of the -- your question about sales and all that. Yes, we are certainly rightsizing the expenses
to match the volumes in the stores and the payroll. I think the overall approach is we've spent a lot of
time and money to comply with some of the COVID standards and customer safety. Certainly, that's -- I
think we've been doing a good job. It does -- it is costly to us and indicated that in the 250 basis points.
But I think we're getting very -- as Ernie indicated, we're getting high marks and our OSAT scores on the
customer safety aspect of it. So when customers are visiting the store, they like what we are doing, and
we are going to continue to do that. The people that are not coming back, we believe safety is still an
issue. And that, hopefully, over time, when they -- if they do try us and that, they'll see what we're doing,
and they'll be comfortable. We're certainly convinced that we're doing the right thing there.

In terms of customers, when Ernie said, when they're coming back, again, it's a short period of time,
but we're very pleased that the -- and it's a large number of people that are coming back, the repeat
visitations and the -- they're mirroring what they did before pre-COVID in terms of the amount of visits
based on the time that we're seeing. And clearly, we're very pleased with the home and the home-only
businesses where they're being viewed as an essential business as their traffic and volumes are not that
far off from pre-COVID trends.

In terms of -- when you're looking at the overall -- and I'm not giving guidance margins, but we've
taken a strategic expense to cost management. So at lower sales volumes where obviously the biggest
deleverage on our SG&A and on our cost of sales is going to be due to having lower sales volumes, not
that we haven't cut costs. For example, we cut our SG&A costs significantly on a per-store basis, almost
17% in the second quarter but not enough to offset the $3 billion in sales. So I think we did a real good
job. And as Ernie said, we believe we're going to get back and back to market share and more. So we are
not going to be cutting costs and cut costs to the bone that would impact our medium and long term --
our long-term ability to operate. So I think we're doing a pretty good job.

As Ernie mentioned, on the marketing, our marketing is less, but we're doing more ways like running the
tri-brand in Canada and the United States to leverage what we are doing. So yes, there'll be a deleverage
just due to the sales, but I think we are saving a meaningful amount of cost.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2020

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Yes. If I could just jump in there, Paul, the amount of social -- and many of you have probably seen it,
the social media that circulated from our customers, the passion and the devotion to shopping our stores.
And you could absolutely get -- you could feel the entertainment value and how they enjoy -- these are
the ones that had obviously come into our stores during the second quarter. So that was really great,
authentic, viral marketing that we were very pleased with.

The other thing, as Scott mentioned, our payroll. And the thing I'd like to point out is our mindset has
been to come out of this whole situation. When the business or the environment -- the retail environment
normalizes, we're doing everything spending now not looking at it as a short term -- we're looking at what
benefit does it pay back later. So one of the things in payroll, I was just in 5 -- I went to every one of our
brands the other day domestically here. And in every one of those stores, we've had -- and many of you
might have experienced, we have greeters at the front of the store, ensuring and presenting a comfort
and a safety presence as well as customer service. But every one of the stores we went in, they did not
know I was coming had 2 greeters actually in the front of the store. And we believe that part of our OSAT
scores -- Karen Coppola, our Head of Marketing, who's very involved in this. We believe that those OSAT
scores are pretty high because we're showing -- and we believe this is for the future, showing that safety
is a priority for us. And we are thinking, as customers get more comfortable, that's going to help. So I just
-- I wanted to highlight that as a midterm benefit, we think, coming out of this.

Operator

Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson.

Lorraine Corrine Maikis Hutchinson
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Noting that you've paid down the revolver this quarter, the cash flow was stronger than expected. Can you
just update us on any thoughts around the dividend at this point?

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. We have ongoing discussions with the Board on those issues. I think given -- we're certainly
extremely pleased to both pay back and enhance the revolver. It's just too early at this point. I think we'll
be in better position either at the end of the third quarter, at the end of the year to address it. Clearly,
if our cash flow continues to improve and our overall cash levels, then obviously, we will certainly be
reexamining that. But we'd like to get a little further on this year before we make any final decisions. I
think it's what Ernie and I have talked about. Long term, we're very convinced we'll get back to the normal
cadence. It's just right now, we're being a little prudent and certainly probably have been -- we started
to do it this quarter with enhancing or increasing our capital expenditures. That would probably still be
the next thing we would put more money into to support and grow the business. And then obviously,
dividends would be -- would shortly follow.

Operator

Our next question comes from Paul Trussell.

Paul Trussell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I wanted to ask about the meaningful sales spread between the different divisions and see if you can just
maybe dig in and give a little bit more detail on or around -- particularly the strength in HomeGoods, and
whether you've seen maybe that at least somewhat sustained into this quarter. Maybe dig into some of
the issues in Canada and just any other color around international and Marmaxx? That would be really
appreciated.

Ernie L. Herrman

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2020

CEO, President & Director

Yes. Great question, Paul. So first of all, let's start at the top of the sales trend, as you just talked about.
So HomeGoods, first of all, yes, we think that will continue, not just to the next quarter, but through the
fourth quarter as well. And into next year, the dynamic of -- well, as you know, we have a tremendous
business in HomeGoods. It's been a fast-growing business pre-COVID. But now you have, based on the
behaviors of the consumer right now going on externally with more people staying at home. And even if
businesses reopen, if you have more people virtually working from home, as the future might indicate, we
believe HomeGoods will continue. We are executing well. We are figuring out the flow there to improve
from our current inventory position. Having said that, even with our current inventory position, their
inventory has been very productive, and we are very happy with the sales there. We just think there's
more sales and market share up for grabs in the home area, and we think HomeGoods is well positioned
to do that. So I think you don't need any color as far as that.

Now let me go the other way. Canada, on the other hand, which you mentioned, we were very slow out
of the box because we had a -- first of all, they had less -- when we finally opened in about, I think,
75% of the chain, Scott, I think we opened up there. When we finally opened, we did not have as much
merchandise already sitting there in the distribution centers or in the pipeline going from distribution
centers to stores. And our distribution center there was not allowed to open for another few weeks, 3
weeks, I believe, from the stores open. So that really put pressure on our sales up there. And to this day,
we're still really behind on our inventory position there. We actually -- I give that team a lot of credit.
Within a matter of a few weeks, they went out and got additional processing help from a third party to
help with the additional -- given the social distancing that's required which had lowered productivity in
our current facilities, we had gone out and very quickly got a third party to help. And so their production,
going forward, looks much better. But that's really the #1 reason that they are such a spread relative to
the other divisions.

Then you go to Europe, and Europe was a bit of a different tale in that they -- we opened at Germany first
in waves, and sales were very strong, not dissimilar trends that in the States. At the first openings, we're
running big increases. And then in the U.K., similar situation. And then it got to the point where chasing
the inventory again, right, going back, but there are trends. We've been pretty happy with the trends over
in Europe. I would say our division that right now we're trying to get back on track the fastest is Canada.

So -- and then our online businesses have been -- as you would guess, have been doing -- had strong
business. But again, they are only a small percent of our total. So that really doesn't move anything in the
total in any big direction right now.

So that's -- I think when you look out, we see Canada is getting better. HomeGoods will get even stronger.
Marmaxx is -- so the last one is Marmaxx has same -- you know all the dynamics initially, and then they
had hit with the -- with a bit of an inventory challenge there, and we have the footfall challenge there
which I think will still continue for a number of months. However, what we are doing, the #1 thing in
Marmaxx, very aggressive, is putting our funding over the next 3 to 6 months into the hot categories and
taking down -- we are take -- defunding and taking down the inventory in the softer areas. So that, we
think is going to bode well on us maximizing the sales within Marmaxx over the next 3 to 6 months. And
we feel good about that strategy as we go into next year because Marmaxx, as you know, can do a pretty
significant home business as well as there's a few other departments there, which we won't say, that are
also keeping -- they're very hot now also, that we think we can use to help increase Marmaxx sales. So I
think that answers it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mark Altschwager.

Mark R. Altschwager
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2020

So some other retailers have discussed expectations for an earlier start to the holiday season. What are
your thoughts there? And how are you planning for it? And just any thoughts on how that might drive
some pull-forward into Q3 versus Q4?

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Interesting question, Mark. We've talked about that, and we've heard about that. So what we do is
we will ship -- and this applies to all 4 of our brick-and-mortar divisions. Clearly, we will ship some of the
different holidays fairly early. We've always done that to get a read on whether -- then we -- because
we have a fair amount of it in our warehouse that we can then -- as opposed to other retailers that ship
-- when they receive the goods and the distribution, they ship it right to the stores. We have the -- not
a luxury, but we have the flexibility to start shipping the goods to the stores. And then based on the --
if more of the business is coming earlier, we can then ship more than we had planned on because we
already own it, ironically, in the seasonal businesses. So we've heard it. Our planning areas -- in fact,
we've had a recent discussion in our couple of the divisions here about getting a read early enough to see
if we can pull some of that business earlier. I have to tell you, we're not -- I'm not -- I don't know about
that theory, though. I don't know why -- I understand that people would like that to be to maybe help with
the social distancing for the fourth quarter. I just don't know if the consumers are going to -- if they will
represent that theory. I don't know if they're going to behave that way necessarily. And with -- if there's
a lot of unemployment still, I do question the urge to shop earlier when, in theory, some things could be
better value the later they shop. So great question, though. There has been a fair amount of press on
that.

Debra McConnell
Senior Vice President of Global Communications

Jordan, do we have a next question?

Operator

Our next question comes from Alexandra Walvis.

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to ask again on the comment that you made on product availability in certain categories. You
mentioned there wasn't so much availability in some of the hotter categories but that you expected that
to improve as we move through the year. I wonder if you could elaborate a little more on what types of
categories those are and then help us to understand what's causing it? Is it very strong full-price sell-
throughs in those categories elsewhere in the market? Is it more a case that certain vendors cutting their
own orders into the second half? And then what gives you guys confidence that you can -- that there will
be more availability in those categories going forward?

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Alex. So it isn't a significant number of categories. It's only a small portion because -- and we know
that because, every week, we track the dollars that we buy close in. And we are buying a significant
portion of what we think we would buy within the major categories on a family of business. So it's not
significant, but it's enough that it won't be as perfect as we would like and won't maximize every single
dime. Having said that, I think we're going to be 95% getting what we would think we want in the hot
categories.

Now to your other question, we don't actually give what categories we're having gaps in for, as you can
imagine, for competitive reasons. And then why we think this has happened is pretty simple. So this is
where why we think it also gets better as you get to Q4 and then specifically Q1 becomes a nonissue is
when COVID first started, and a lot of the retailers had to stop taking orders, a lot of the manufacturers
stopped the early fall or fall on order in certain categories. So all that happened is they stopped buying

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2020

on their end. So naturally -- it wouldn't be because other people are taking. It's because the vendors, in
many cases, stopped buying the imports. Do you see what I'm saying? So that's really the driver in most
situations why that happened. But then as everyone has opened back up, starting in the May, June, and
they start to see a run rate, there's a high confidence level that they will be back to placing more. And as
you get to fourth quarter and really first quarter, there should be more than plenty.

By the way, now back to your availability question, availability right now is extremely high. When I point
that out, it's only in some certain categories maybe that we are not going to find some goods. Having said
that, let me be clear, there is more out there than we could buy in total. So we -- it's just -- it may not
come exactly by category and some of the categories we normally would have been chasing. So it's not
going to be a strategically by category or is perfect by category be a better way of saying it. But in total,
more than we can buy, even -- I mean, right now, more than we can buy.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. And just to reiterate a little what Ernie said, Alex, is that the -- what Ernie was referring to is we're
committed in terms of as a percent of what we would normally buy for the third quarter similar to the -- to
last year at this point. So we're placing, getting the goods. And in fact, over the last few weeks, we have
been placing a significant amount of goods. And if anything...

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Actually more than last year.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Significantly more than last year. Part of that, I think, is a little -- as Ernie said, a little catch-up, but I
think we're ordering at the rate that in another week or 2 will be significantly ahead. Some of that is
planned because, as Ernie indicated earlier, some longer lead times. But we've now started to catch that.
And hopefully, we'll totally rightsize it very shortly. And so yes, significantly more orders, so it's not the
availability. It's across all of the different banners that we have, and I think we've been taking advantage
of a lot of the benefits that we have. Our buying offices have helped us greatly in terms of global buying
offices around the world, so we feel real good about what we've been buying.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

And again, we're aiming -- we are focusing -- we are placing a disproportionate amount into the hot
categories, the trending categories, we call it, versus the non-trending. And again, I did mention early
what a couple of months, you can picture what consumers right now would not be running out to buy, just
from the habits all around you. And people are not really going -- they want to be comfortable in the types
of clothes they're wearing. They are not wearing anything on the borderline of a dressier type of apparel,
and I think that would actually not surprise you. And if you look at the results of the stores, as everyone
reports, I think that will mimic when you look at who's doing business where, that will give you a road
map as to which categories, just from a behavior of consumers in this country and the other countries
we're in. We're seeing similar dynamics across every country we're in.

Operator

The final question of the day comes from Jamie Merriman.

Jamie Susan Merriman
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Just a clarification. Ernie, I think you've talked about seeing different traffic levels at HomeGoods versus
Marmaxx. So are traffic levels -- have you seen that same drop in footfall at HomeGoods? Or is it really a
Marmaxx issue? And have you seen those traffic levels mirror sort of spikes in COVID cases? And then I

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2020

know with home, it tends to have higher freight costs associated with it. But are there any other factors to
keep in mind when it comes to the cost structure of the -- of home as a category versus apparel?

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Sure. Great -- very good questions, Jamie. So traffic levels, let me answer the first, very simply, yes.
Traffic footfall, just as we've been talking on this entire call, is pretty dramatically higher in HomeGoods
than it is in Marmaxx, just like you would expect. Again, Marmaxx does have some of the same business
but not nearly like a HomeGoods, as you know.

We have seen -- the second part of your question, the COVID cases. So we have seen, and this applies
not just to HomeGoods, it applies to Marmaxx. And Scott, I think, can talk to this a little. We have in the
states where the COVID cases had ramped up, we had a little more of a hit in the footfall in those states.
And we could measure it by seeing the sales were a little more impacted in the states where COVID cases
ramped up, and there was a direct hit to us there. However, now, as those states have leveled off, our
traffic decrease relative to the average got better. So those hits have now decreased because those states
are starting to moderate. So I think that answers that. Scott, on the freight?

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So again, exactly. We've been moderating that impact. Still an impact, but it's certainly moderated
significantly. The -- I think, just in overall, in terms of getting at your question of the mix, some of the
mix of the categories, I only want to just mention as home, but there are other categories where, as Ernie
indicated, chasing the hot categories, the cost structure. The biggest difference, really, is the average
retails have been down and would likely be down a fair amount in the third and fourth quarter based on
the mix trend. But at this point, we would say that it's kind of awash that we -- the mark-on, the better
buying is offsetting the costs for having the mix of the goods. So that's all I'd have to say about that. So I
don't think, net-net, it's an impact.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

I would like to wrap up now, and thank you all for joining us today. We will be updating you again on our
third quarter earnings call in November. And from the team here at TJX, amidst everything going on, we
hope you all stay well, and we wish you good health, and please take care, everyone. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you
for participating.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

