The Clorox Company NYSE:CLX
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, November 02, 2020 6:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.25

3.22

Revenue  (mm)

1729.25

1916.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-02-2020 2:21 PM GMT

43.11

10.80

1.64

7.67

8.01

1677.19

7037.90

7141.85

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.33

1.63

1.99

2.25

1.46

1.89

2.41

3.22

9.77 %

15.95 %

21.11 %

43.11 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Lisah Burhan
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Jonathan Patrick Feeney
Consumer Edge Research, LLC

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Olivia Tong
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Clorox Company First Quarter Fiscal Year 2021
Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I
would now like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Ms. Lisah Burhan, Vice President of
Investor Relations for The Clorox Company. Ms. Burhan, you may begin your conference.

Lisah Burhan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Sharon. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We certainly hope you and your
family continue to remain safe and healthy in what remains a challenging environment. As usual, we have
a few reminders before we go into results. We're broadcasting this call over the Internet, and a replay of
the call will be available for 7 days at our website, thecloroxcompany.com.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements, including statements related to the expected
or potential impact of COVID-19. These statements are based on management's current expectations
but may differ from actual results or outcomes. In addition, we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial
measures. Please refer to the forward-looking statements section, which identify various factors that could
affect such forward-looking statements, and the non-GAAP financial information section, which includes
the table that reconcile non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.
Both of which are located at the end of today's earnings release, which has also been posted on our
website and filed with the SEC.

Turning to today's discussion of our results, I'll start by covering our usual top line commentary with
highlights in each of our segments. Kevin will then address our total company results as well as our FY '21
outlook. Finally, Linda will offer her perspective, and we'll close with Q&A.

For the total company, Q1 sales increased 27%, reflecting about 1 point of benefit from the acquisition
of a majority interest in our joint venture in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and about 1 point of headwind
from unfavorable foreign exchange impact. This quarter's 27% organic sales growth -- 27% organic sales
growth is supported by double-digit sales growth in 8 of our 10 businesses.

I'll now go through our results by segment. In our Health and Wellness segment, Q1 sales were up 28%,
reflecting double-digit growth in all 3 businesses. Our Cleaning business had another quarter of double-
digit growth behind continued strong demand for our disinfecting products. While we continue to make
progress expanding supply, we're still not at a point where we can fully meet ongoing elevated demand.
Despite those constraints, our Clorox brand continues to see increases in both household penetration and
repeat rates. We've been investing behind this momentum to convert new users to loyal consumers, and
we've been seeing very strong return on our investment.

On the innovation front, our Bleach Compaction effort is now complete. The Clorox Fabric Sanitizer
platform and Clorox Disinfecting Wet Mopping Cloths, both continue to show strong growth.

On a related note, our Wet Mopping Cloths, along with our Clorox- and Clorox Scentiva-branded
Disinfecting Wipes and Pine-Sol multi-surface cleaner, all recently received approval from the EPA for kill
claims against the virus that causes COVID-19 on hard nonporous surfaces.

Our Professional Products business also had double-digit sales growth behind strong shipments across
all of our disinfecting product lines. A key driver of growth this quarter was the total -- Clorox Total 360
System, which uses an electrostatic technology to deliver disinfectants to large hard-to-reach areas. To
support sales and continued momentum in this business, we're bringing online new production capacity
this month for the disinfectants used in these devices.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

In addition, we've created a dedicated out-of-home team that focuses on growth opportunities in
new channels and spaces to further build on strategic alliances we've already established with Uber
Technologies, United Airlines, AMC Theaters and Cleveland Clinic.

Lastly, within this segment, our vitamins, minerals and supplements business grew sales by double digits
this quarter. This strong growth was driven by shipments to replenish retail inventories following the
recent supply disruption and by shipments in support of our RenewLife brand relaunch. Our priorities this
year are to continue to improve service levels in order to capture the strong consumption trend, execute
the RenewLife brand relaunch with excellence and deliver consumer-meaningful innovation.

Turning to the Household segment. Q1 sales were up 39%, with growth in all 3 businesses. Grilling sales
more than doubled this quarter due mainly to strong consumption behind grilling occasions and increased
household penetration. Sales growth this quarter was also driven partly by customer replenishment
of inventory. We've been very pleased to see the strong turnaround of this business, reflected in our
continued share growth, strong collaboration with the retailers and successful entry into the pellet
category, with our Kingsford Pellets continuing to build distribution and share. With recent increases in
grilling occasions in new households, including millennials, we're optimistic about the prospects of this
business and will invest behind this momentum to drive long-term profitable category growth.

Glad sales were up by double digits in Q1, behind ongoing strong demand for our products as consumers
continue to spend more time at home. We're building on this momentum with a consistent stream of
innovation, including our new Glad ForceFlex with Clorox trash bags, which launched in September. This
product eliminates food and bacterial odor throughout the trash bag and has already earned more than
1,000 5-star ratings online from consumers. Our Glad ForceFlex trash bags with unique fragrances and
colors, which launched in Q3, also continue to perform well and are among the top-selling new items at
major retailers.

Cat Litter sales grew in Q1 driven mainly by strong online shipments and innovation, supported by higher
advertising investments. We're encouraged by our return to share growth in Fresh Step behind the
continued strong performance of Fresh Step Clean Paws innovation platform and the strong start of Fresh
Step with Gain Original-Scented Litter with the power of Febreze.

In our Lifestyle segment, Q1 sales increased 17%, with double-digit growth in 2 of 3 businesses. Brita
sales were up by double digits for the third consecutive quarter. The growth is driven mainly by continued
strong consumption, especially in larger-sized systems and long-last systems and filters. Sales growth was
also driven partly by customer replenishment of inventory, an effort our team has been very focused on.
Household penetration for Brita continues to grow, which gives us more reason to invest further. We'll be
introducing a new and improved long-last plus filter that allows water to flow faster and captures more
contaminants, along with a new pitcher.

The Food business also saw double-digit sales growth behind ongoing strong consumption of our Hidden
Valley Ranch products, which continues to benefit from more at-home eating occasions. This is another
business where we're seeing household penetration growth. We will continue to invest in innovation and
are encouraged to see a strong start to our new Hidden Valley Ranch Secret Sauce dressing.

Finally, Burt's Bees sales decreased this quarter as the business continued to be impacted by lower
store traffic, especially in parts of the store where Burt's Bees products are typically found. We've since
accelerated our online strategy and strengthened our presence in the fast-growing cough-and-cold
category with the launch of a new line of Rescue Balm with turmeric. While we expect the category-wide
challenges to persist in the short term, we have strong confidence in the Burt's Bees brand and its long-
term growth prospects, supported by a robust innovation platform.

Now turning to International. Q1 sales grew 18% driven by ongoing elevated demand for our products,
disinfecting products and essential household products across nearly every geography. Organic sales grew
17%, reflecting about 9 points of benefit from the Saudi JV acquisition and about 8 points of unfavorable
foreign currency headwinds. Our International business has very strong momentum, and we're looking to
build on that through investments that accelerate our IGNITE strategy.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Increasing the stake in our Saudi JV is just an example of that. Another example is the international
expansion of our Clorox Disinfecting Wipes, which are now being supported by a dedicated supply chain
separate from that in the U.S. This will allow us to better meet ongoing elevated demand in our existing
international markets where we currently offer wipes and to launch this consumer-preferred form into new
geographies.

Now I will turn it over to Kevin, who will discuss Q1 performance as well as our updated outlook for FY '21.

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Lisah, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I sincerely hope you and your families
are well. I'm pleased with our very strong start to the fiscal year, reflecting broad-based strength across
our portfolio, with double-digit volume, sales and profit growth in each of our reporting segments.
Additionally, each reporting segment delivered gross margin expansion, contributing to our eighth
consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion for the company. As you saw in our press release, we
raised our fiscal year '21 outlook given the strength of our Q1 results and our expectations for higher top
line growth over the balance of the fiscal year.

Turning to our first quarter results. First quarter sales were up 27% driven by 22 points of organic
volume growth and 5 points of favorable price/mix. Sales results also included 1 point of growth from our
acquiring majority control of our Saudi joint venture, offset by 1 point of FX headwinds. On an organic
basis, sales grew 27%. Gross margin for the quarter increased 400 basis points to 48% compared to 44%
in the year ago quarter. First quarter gross margin included the benefit of strong volume growth as well
as 170 basis points of cost savings and 150 basis points of favorable mix. These factors were partially
offset by 300 basis points of higher manufacturing and logistics costs, which were similar to last quarter,
included temporary COVID-19 spending.

Selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales came in at 12% compared to 14% in the
year ago quarter primarily from increased operating leverage. Advertising and sales promotion investment
levels as a percentage of sales came in at about 9%, equal to the year ago quarter, with spending for
our U.S. Retail business coming in at 11% of sales. Importantly, this represented about a 30% increase
in advertising support this quarter compared to the year ago period, reflecting stronger investments to
support our ambition to accelerate long-term profitable growth. Our first quarter effective tax rate was
21% compared to 22% in the year ago quarter primarily driven by the impact of our increased ownership
of our Saudi joint venture.

Net of all these factors, we delivered diluted net earnings per share of $3.22 versus $1.59 in the year
ago quarter, an increase of 103%. Excluding the contribution from our Saudi joint venture acquisition, Q1
diluted EPS grew 66%. As you also saw in our press release, Q1 net cash provided by operations was $383
million versus $271 million in the year ago quarter, an increase of 41%. Our strong cash flow was due to
profitable sales growth, partially offset by higher employee incentive compensation payments made in the
first quarter, which were related to our fiscal year '20 performance.

Turning to our fiscal year outlook. We now anticipate fiscal year sales to grow between 5% to 9%,
reflecting our strong Q1 results as well as our raised expectations for the balance of the fiscal year,
including double-digit growth in Q2. And as we noted last quarter, we continue to anticipate deceleration in
the back half of fiscal year '21 as we lap double-digit growth in the same period in fiscal year '20, when we
saw the initial spike in COVID-19.

Importantly, we continue to assume our back half sales results will be significantly stronger relative to pre-
pandemic sales levels. We also continue to anticipate about 1 point of contribution from our Saudi joint
venture, offset by 1 point of foreign exchange headwinds. On an organic sales basis, our outlook assumes
5% to 9% growth.

We expect fiscal year gross margin to be about flat, reflecting the benefit of strong cost savings and higher
sales, offset by rising commodity and transportation costs as well as temporary costs related to COVID-19.
For perspective, we expect gross margin expansion in the front half, followed by a contraction over the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

balance of the fiscal year as we lap gross margin expansion of 250 basis points delivered in the back half
of fiscal year '20 driven by strong operating leverage from robust shipment growth during the initial phase
of the pandemic. We continue to expect fiscal year selling and administrative expenses to be about 14% of
sales as we continue to invest aggressively in long-term growth initiatives.

Additionally, we continue to anticipate fiscal year advertising spending to be about 11% of sales, spending
closer to 10% in the front half of the year and 12% in the back half, in support of our robust innovation
program. We now expect our fiscal year tax rate to be between 21% to 22%. Net of these factors, we
now expect fiscal year '21 diluted EPS to increase between 5% to 8% or $7.70 to $7.95, reflecting our
assumption for stronger top line performance, partially offset by a rising cost environment.

As we shared last quarter, our fiscal year diluted EPS outlook continues to include a contribution of $0.45
to $0.53 from our increased stake in our Saudi Arabia joint venture primarily driven by a onetime noncash
gain.

Excluding the impact of the Saudi acquisition, our fiscal year diluted EPS reflects strong investments
behind the robust momentum we're seeing broadly in our portfolio. We're engaging new consumers,
supporting back half innovation plans and expanding our portfolio into new channels and markets, all in
support of our ambition to accelerate long-term profitable growth.

In closing, I'm pleased with our very strong start to fiscal year '21, by the robust top and bottom
line performance across our reporting segments. This provides a strong foundation for our continued
momentum which we plan to drive through aggressive investments in our IGNITE strategy in support of
creating long-term shareholder value. And with that, I will turn it over to Linda.

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Thanks, Kevin. Hello, everyone, and thank you for being with us today. I hope you are well and in good
spirits as we continue to navigate this pandemic. It's great to be joining you on my first call as CEO,
especially after the tremendous first quarter we delivered. Our results show what Clorox does best. We
serve people who count on our brands, especially during a time when they need to feel safe and when
their home is the center of their world.

This reinforces my first message, our outstanding results are a reflection of our team's dedication to
serving consumers and communities. I'm incredibly proud to see the broad-based strength in our portfolio,
with double-digit sales and profit growth in all reporting segments.

In the last 8 months, all eyes have been on Clorox disinfecting products. And our brands delivered once
again this quarter, with double-digit sales growth in our Cleaning and Professional Products businesses,
reflecting continued higher usage of products in homes, businesses and health care settings. And now
we're also shining a brighter light on the terrific performance delivered by other parts of our portfolio,
with double-digit sales growth in 8 of 10 businesses, demonstrating the important role our brands play
in addressing people's everyday needs. It's particularly gratifying to see great results from our Grilling
and Glad businesses as the team has been relentless in driving progress on our business plans, including
meaningful innovation.

Based on double-digit top line increases and significant margin expansion in our first quarter, we delivered
very strong earnings growth for our shareholders, and I'm happy we were able to raise our fiscal
year outlook. These results would not be possible without the passion and commitment of our Clorox
teammates around the world. I'm thankful and proud of how they live by our values and take to heart our
role in supporting consumers and communities.

While I feel good about our financial performance for the quarter, there's one thing that continues to
keep me up at night, our ongoing focus to meet unprecedented demand for much of our portfolio. We're
certainly encouraged by the progress we're making in a number of businesses, including having Clorox
Bleach mostly back on store shelves, but there's more work to be done. I can assure you that our teams
are leaving no stone unturned across all businesses experiencing elevated demand.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

We're continuing to focus on products that can be made faster and investing significantly in third-party
supply sources and in efforts to expedite our products to retailers. Our consumers, retail partners and
communities are counting on us. And I want people to know that maximizing supply continues to be top
priority.

Next, the Clorox team and I will play 100% offense behind our strong portfolio of leading brands
consumers love, in support of our ambition to accelerate long-term profitable growth. I feel privileged
to be CEO of this special company, and I have my sights set on extending our momentum longer-term.
In this uncertain environment, people are turning to brands they trust. And we're proud to have trusted
brands in our categories. We're seeing this play out in strong household penetration, not just in our
disinfecting products, but in many parts of our portfolio.

For perspective, the percentage of our total portfolio with stable or growing household penetration has
more than doubled year-over-year. And as I look beyond the pandemic and try to answer the question of
whether or not we can sustain our strong results, I'm encouraged by the trends we're seeing, particularly
consumer behaviors formed during the last 7 months. They are good indicators our brands will continue
to play a meaningful role in people's daily lives. For example, people are prioritizing health and wellness,
drinking more water and taking vitamins and supplements, focusing on safety and hygiene, cleaning and
disinfecting in and out of their homes, staying home more, including cooking, grilling, spending time with
family and adopting a pet, spending more time online, with about 90% of people saying they've shopped
online since the pandemic.

There are strong signs these behaviors will stick over the long term as people have been building these
habits for 3x longer than it normally takes routines to form. And while early, we're encouraged by the
strong repeat rates we're seeing across our portfolio among core and new consumers. This is the time
for 100% offense and that means investing significantly behind our global portfolio, including through
advertising and market-leading innovation, increasing capital spending to expand production capacity
in the near and long term and partnering with retailers to enhance shopping experiences and grow our
categories. With the strength of our global portfolio, the sustained consumer behaviors we're seeing and
our significant investments to drive growth, Clorox is in a great position to keep winning with consumers.

And finally, the defining opportunity for Clorox is simple, to serve even more people around the world
with a strategy that helps us make the most of who we are and where we have strategic advantage.
Our IGNITE strategy puts people at the center of everything we do, and fundamentally, we will address
consumer needs and follow them in the most meaningful ways we can.

Here's what I would highlight. Clorox is a health and wellness company at heart. With the strength of our
brands and capabilities in disinfecting, we're in a great position to extend our role in public health. We'll
continue to lean into the strategic alliances we've established with leading brands to keep their customers
safe. And we'll certainly pursue more of these types of relationships with other organizations to increase
our support for people outside of their homes. I'm also excited about expanding Clorox Disinfecting Wipes
in International, supported by a dedicated supply chain that will allow us to scale this business in our
existing markets and enter new geographies. More than ever, people are online, and we believe digital
behavior is here to stay.

Clorox has leaned into e-commerce and digital marketing early so that people can engage with our
brands in more personal and relevant ways. As people navigate a tough economy with pressures from
unemployment and less discretionary spending, they will continue to turn to brands they trust, and we'll
continue to earn their trust and loyalty by focusing on superior value. And what's also important to me is
that we continue to be committed to growing the right way, guided by our values and with ESG embedded
into our business. It's how we'll help our people, our communities and our planet thrive now and in the
future.
Operator, you may now open up the line for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And congrats, everybody, for the results. Linda, I was just following up from your comments, and also,
Kevin, on kind of the momentum of the portfolio. And obviously, you raised your guide for organic, but it
does look like your EPS could have some room here. I was just trying to see if you can help us like gauge
the level of investment or perhaps some of the mix effects that we should be seeing so that you keep your
EPS relatively under control given the gain that you had, so just to kind of parse out what is -- what part
of it is reinvestment in promo or just a mix effect.

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Hi, Andrea. This is Kevin. And I can talk about our EPS as you think about the balance of the year. So as
you mentioned, we've raised our expectations for the year of 5% to 8% off a very strong start to the year.
If you think about the impact over the balance of the year, as I'm sure you've done the math, we were
projecting we'll be down in the back half of the year on our EPS year-over-year. That's primarily driven by
the impact of the prior year. If you recall, we grew EPS about 30% in the back half of fiscal year '20. So
from the initial impact of COVID-19, the pantry-loading, very strong results in the back half of the year,
we have to lap that. And in addition to lapping that, as we've spoken in the last couple of calls, we are
leaning in and investing behind the additional growth opportunities we see in front of us.

And you may have heard in my prepared remarks, we think that advertising investment will be back half-
loaded. So we would expect to be spending about 12% of sales in the back half, one, supporting a very
robust innovation program we have teed up for the back half of the year as well as pursuing a number of
new growth initiatives, both our partnerships and some international opportunities we're spending behind.

And maybe just the last comment I would make, Andrea, and I think you know this about us, we are
certainly not looking to maximize 1 quarter, but making sure we're taking the right investments that
generate long-term value. And so we think there's a good opportunity for us to do that, and we'll certainly
do it in the back half of the year.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That's fair. And if I can just ask about Professional, where do you think this business can become as you're
progressing with all these investments and new partnerships?

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Yes. Professional has been a strong part of our portfolio for a number of years, with high single-digit
increases up to this point, and we continue to see a long runway for the business, both in the businesses
that are established well today, in the health care and industrial customer setting. But also we're setting
our sights on expanding the reach this business can have as consumers start to leave their home, and we
can create environments partnering with businesses to keep them safe. So that's what we're focused on
right now, is investing in the people to support that future growth, investing in the innovation to support
that future growth and of course, investing in the brand so that people continue to turn to the most -- the
trusted cleaning and disinfecting brand with Clorox.

Operator

Next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

My first question is just sort of a follow-up to that. I totally get the difficult comparisons year-over-year
in the March and June quarter, it's 100%. But I also heard you call out higher commodities and maybe
freight. And I just wanted to ask what your thoughts were on pricing, whether you plan to take price
increases to offset some of those commodity increases or whether you feel like the market is tentative and
shaky enough where it's better to potentially hold off on pricing.

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Yes. Wendy, thanks for the question. We're committed to not taking pricing during the pandemic. It's to do
the right thing, and we want to make sure consumers have our products at the right value. And so what
we're focused on right now is a continued lean into our aggressive cost savings program that we've had
for a number of years to ensure that we have the fuel to manage the investments that we have and of
course, to manage any bumpiness we expect in commodities. But we do expect cost increases through
the back half, as you said, and we're monitoring that environment closely. But again, we're committed to
ensuring that consumers have our brand during a recessionary time at the right value, not taking pricing
during a pandemic and leveraging our cost savings program to manage through a short term's ups and
downs.

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got it. And that actually leads into my second question, which is kind of thinking sort of strategically, but
also very much with an eye towards the dollars that you're investing in capacity. I mean clearly, there is
a surge right now, and the fact that you're signing so many agreements with the airlines or whatever, I
mean, clearly, there's just this huge demand for disinfecting products and wipes, in particular. But there
will be a day when that passes. So I'm kind of curious, just as you think about capital spending, are you
hurrying to build capital to support demand that is, I think, going to be huge for some time to come, but
is eventually going to fade? Just how do you think about that conceptually, so that you don't end up with a
lot of capital that ends up not being meted 2 years or 3 years down the road?

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Got it, Wendy. I think it would be helpful to step back and just talk a little bit about what we're seeing in
the macro environment and why we have strong belief that we're going to see a lot of these behaviors
continue well into the future. We're seeing consumers in the U.S. and around the world cleaning much
more frequently, cleaning new surfaces and of course, cleaning both in and outside of the home, and that
is true for business customers as well, where they're having to welcome people back to their businesses
with safe environments.

From our research with consumers, they're telling us that they expect many of these behaviors to stick
regardless of whether or not there's a vaccine or how long COVID goes on because it's a way to reassure
their health and wellness and for them to feel safe. So we're hearing from consumers that this is here to
stay. And we've seen evidence of that in past pandemics as well as just bad cold and flu seasons, where
people have adopted new behaviors.

The other thing I would tell you, in addition to capacity supporting just that change in behavior, we also
see significant growth opportunities that are brand-new to our business. Expanding Clorox Disinfecting
Wipes in International, if you step back, we're in about 100 countries around the world with very little
presence in Disinfecting Wipes. That's a big opportunity for us, complete white space that as we build
capacity, we can lean into that even further. And the other thing that I would talk about is, in the industrial
space, there's new technologies that we have. And we think those cleaning behaviors will need to change
on a more permanent basis to reassure people that it's safe to enter those businesses.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

And so that's the other thing I would just put in perspective. We can shift supply to the opportunities that
are most poignant at the moment as we move forward. And then, of course, Wendy, as you always know,
we're really good at balancing and spending capital in a disciplined way, and we can make adjustments to
our network, whether that be through in-housing or working with third-party manufacturers as we move
forward. And we've been very balanced in how we've approached this so that we can do just that.

Operator

Next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

And congrats on a really strong result. Just kind of building on Wendy's question a little bit. I wanted
to kind of dig into the organic sales growth guidance. So I'm not expecting it's a wide range, but
understandably so, up 5% to 9% core sales coming up from what was previously flat to up low single
digits in August. So can you dimension for us a bit what's changed since early August? Is this retailers
carrying higher inventory levels now in some of these higher-demand categories, an extremely strong
quarter that was not anticipated in early August, with Kingsford as an example? Maybe just dimension for
us because the magnitude of the upward revision is noteworthy. Maybe just kind of dimensionalize for us a
bit what's driving the more bullish outlook. And then I have a follow-up for Kevin on cash flow.

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Hey, Kevin, this is Kevin. I can take your first question as well as it relates to sales. And to your point,
we've taken up our expectations for the balance of the year pretty materially. I think there's a number
of things we're seeing that's giving us even more confidence for this year. The first is we continue to see
growing household penetration. So we are now 3 quarters into the pandemic, and in Q1, it continued to
grow. Additionally, we're seeing increased repeat purchase rates with both new and existing consumers.

And so growing household penetration, accelerating repurchase rates, both giving us more confidence.
And then, as you know, we've been exploring a number of additional growth opportunities, both our
partnerships as well as expanding our disinfecting portfolio outside the U.S. And we're seeing more and
more opportunity in both of those spaces that will start to contribute in the back half of the year. And then
maybe the last time I would mention this, while we knew we would have a very strong year as it relates
to our disinfecting portfolio, we're seeing very strong results outside of disinfecting. I mean you clearly
saw our results in our Household segment. Again, we're seeing users, more users coming into those
categories. They're increasing their frequency of usage. And we think that's going to continue through the
balance of the fiscal year. So I would say those are the key drivers that led to us taking up the outlook for
the full year.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. I have a number of questions. I'll just -- just one more, if I may. Just on -- with
respect to balance sheet and cash flow. So for the cash balances, higher than you normally carry and the
business typically needs from a working capital perspective. Understanding there's a lot that the business
is considering now with respect to additional capacity and so forth, but between the higher-than-normal
cash balances, the business is throwing off a significant amount of cash from operations. Talk a little bit
about, if you would, just in terms of intentions with respect to CapEx. And is there any intention to return
to share buybacks as well, something that the company has kind of gotten away from a little bit in recent
quarters, but now as we sort of move through the pandemic and there's greater visibility, it could be
something that's potentially on the table? And then I'll pass it on.

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Sure. Happy to, Kevin, to talk about cash. And as you mentioned, Kevin, we're seeing a pretty significant
acceleration in the cash we're generating. Last year, our cash provided by operations was up about 56%.
In Q1, it was up about 40%. We're sitting on just a little under $900 million of cash on the balance sheet,
which, to your point, is more than we typically hold. That really gives us quite a bit of financial flexibility.

So for Linda and I, job 1 will be to continue to look for opportunity to invest in our base business. We
know that's where we can continue to create very strong returns for our shareholders. So we'll do that,
including investing more in capacity to the extent we think that's required. Additionally, we'll continue to
look for targeted M&A. We still have an interest in pursuing strategic acquisitions. The good news is I don't
feel like we have to do it to be successful. We've got plenty of cash to pursue acquisitions to the extent we
find a good opportunity.

And then, Kevin, you mentioned about share buybacks. We actually restarted our share buybacks very
modestly in the fourth quarter, towards the end of the quarter. And in this quarter, we returned about
$240 million to shareholders, a combination of our dividend, plus about $100 million in share buybacks
that we assigned all to our dilution management program. So we are back in the market. I do expect that
to continue. I expect, this year, we'll return around $900 million to shareholders, both in the form of our
dividend and our share repurchase program. But I think the key takeaway you should have is the company
continued to generate a significant amount of cash, and that gives us a lot of financial flexibility to pursue
growth, both organically and inorganically.

Operator

Next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

A couple of quick questions. First, basically, on your prepared remarks, it sounds like you're still running
behind demand in Health and Wellness, effectively selling everything you can make. In that context, the
$800 million of revenue you've been able to produce to and sell to in the last few quarters, any reason to
believe that would drop off as we go into the second quarter?

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Hey, Jason, this is Kevin. We expect to still continue to have a very strong Q2. As you heard, we think we'll
be up double digits. The one thing I would point to is if you look at our Q1, we delivered 27% revenue
growth. About 2 to 3 points was related to rebuilding retailer inventories. That was on Kingsford, our
vitamins, minerals and supplements as well as our Clorox Liquid Bleach. We've made pretty good progress
on catching up with demand on Clorox Bleach. And so we rebuilt some capacity in Q1. So I expect that
to have some impact on Q2. But beyond that, I expect to see continued very strong performance in our
Cleaning portfolio. And that's -- my comment is a global comment, not just in the U.S., but globally.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. So maybe not the $813 million level, we're probably not too far off, is what I heard. The -- your
full year guidance from a reinvestment perspective suggest that if I look at A&P and I just compare it to
sort of a clean year in fiscal '19, you're looking to spend roughly $180 million more in A&P than you did
2 years ago. And SG&A is expected to be up around $150 million than it was 2 years ago. As we think
forward, how much of those costs do you expect to skip? And how many of them do you think you have
the flexibility to retract when and if demand begins to subside?

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Jason. I'll start with that. These investment levels are not a mandate in our business, they're
a choice. And we're choosing to lean into the momentum we see in our portfolio right now behind some
of what Kevin covered. Household penetration has more than doubled the amount of our portfolio that's

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

stable or growing. We have the highest-ever consumer value measure, so the percentage of people that
deem our products as superior. We are seeing people enter our categories at rates we have never seen
before. And we're seeing repeat, although it's early, is strong.

And so what we're trying to do by increasing our advertising and sales promotion spending, by increasing
our admin spending, is about accelerating the long-term performance of the company, and that is what
we are aspiring to do. And so it's a choice. It's not something that we have to do or that's dictated by the
market, and we think it's a smart choice because what it allows us to do is hold on to new households.
And you know that customer acquisition is one of the toughest things we do in established categories that
have high share, so we want to make sure that we're doing that. We see additional places where we can
grow household penetration in the U.S. and beyond in our categories, and we want to ensure we're doing
that.

And then we want to support the behavior change that we see with consumers, whether it be in health
and wellness, the fact that they're drinking more water or taking more supplements; in hygiene, the fact
that they're cleaning more, the fact that they're cleaning new surfaces and they're doing it inside and
outside of the home; supporting new behaviors as people stay at home. So people have been delighted
by the fact they get to cook, and they're actually enjoying more time around the family meal table. And
they're able to use different methods of cooking, like grilling during the week, not just on the weekend
or a special occasion. So we think this investment in both administrative spending and in A&SP supports,
keeping those new consumers in, bringing additional people into our franchise and hope that we can
accelerate the long-term performance. But I just want to be clear, it's a choice, and it's always a choice
that we can revisit if these behaviors are not as sticky and we can optimize.

One other fact I would give you, Jason, because I think it's important. We went back and looked at our
spending. Recall that we put about $70 million of incremental spending in the back half of fiscal year '20
and the return on investment was extremely strong, and it gave us confidence to lean in, in fiscal year '21,
that this is both a good short-term spend and long-term spend.

Operator

Next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America.

Olivia Tong
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

My first question is around the impact of volume growth and mix to gross margin that you called out
because of volume growth. Could you talk about why it was such an outsized contributor this quarter
versus last year because volume was strong, obviously, but only a point different versus Q4. And then on
mix, I understand the aggregate benefit, but I suspect you saw gross margin improvement in each of your
segments as well. So can you talk a little bit about promotion, whether that was a factor or lack thereof
was a factor?

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Hi, Olivia. Yes, I can talk about those questions. Let me start with the benefit of volume to gross margin.
It was more impactful in Q1, as you said, versus Q4. We got a little over 400 basis points of benefit to
margin in the Q1. If you go back to Q4, it's about 350 basis points of benefit. And so as we've seen our
volume continue to grow, we delivered about 22% volume growth last quarter and we're up stronger
this quarter. So we're seeing a little bit incremental benefit. And then on the mix side, the mix was really
driven by business unit mix.

As we shared with you in our prepared remarks, we saw very strong growth from our Household segment,
and that tends to have a higher revenue and higher margin, in those businesses relative to the average of
the company. So we have 5 points of favorable price/mix. It was mostly all mix, and it was mostly driven
by the strength of certain ones of our businesses growing at an accelerated rate.

Olivia Tong

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

That's helpful. And then on consumption trends in your key categories, obviously, lots of moving parts
as you still catch up to demand in the Health and Wellness segment, but then you're obviously going
against some volatile comps in Household. But specific to Household, can you just talk about the drivers
of the acceleration there? Because the comp was easier, but it was 2 points easier versus Q4 and you
accelerated your growth by over 20 points. So how much of this is related to exogenous factors like COVID
and more time at home or an active outdoor season versus attracting new consumers to the categories or
your brands? And what do you think is sort of a sustainable growth rate for the Household business going
forward?

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Olivia, I'll highlight 2 businesses. I'll highlight Grilling and Glad as good examples of what we've done
and what our expectations are moving forward. So Grilling more than doubled sales, as we talked about,
and this was due mainly to strong consumption. We did see some inventory replenishment, but that was
about 1/3 of what we saw from a sales lift perspective. And what's going on are 2 factors that are coming
together really nicely. We spoke about, in our Investor Day in October, the fact that we were rebuilding
our business plan on Grilling from the ground up. And that was based off of business plans that were in
partnership with retailers to grow categories and fundamentally reinventing our innovation program on
Grilling.

And that has worked very well. You combine that with new behaviors we're seeing in the Grilling category,
and that's really where we got to the place where we experienced double-digit sales growth. And what
we're seeing from consumers is this. About 3/4 of people, even as mobility has increased in the U.S., are
continuing to cook at home and expect to continue to cook at home as they move forward.

We've seen 50% of Charcoal grillers grill more during COVID, and the vast majority of those expect to
continue to grill more regardless of whether or not COVID is around in the near future or farther ahead.
And the most exciting thing for us is we're seeing grilling occasions become everyday meal occasions.
So before, most of the time when people were grilling, it was for the weekends, gatherings outside, for
holidays, and now we're seeing the grill being used for everyday occasions and we expect that trend to
continue.

So those 2 things coming together, a revival of our business plans, having the right merchandising plans in
place. And there was very little price discounting during this entire period of COVID, and we still saw the
volumes hold steady and the sales increase that we experienced. So we think that behavior is here to stay.
And based off of the innovation we have planned over the coming years, we anticipate that we'll be able to
meet these consumer behavior change needs and continue to grow the Grilling category.

And then if we look at Glad, it's a similar story. We were back focusing on the fundamentals of price gaps,
innovation, ensuring that we have the right distribution, and that has paid off for us, in addition to the
consumer trends we're seeing. So up double digits behind strong consumer demand, and this is really
about consumers staying home more and cooking more. So what we've heard is people are using more
trash bags because they're generating more trash. So purchase frequency is up for Glad, in particular, and
about 1/3 of households claimed to be using at least 1 full more -- full bag of kitchen trash per week. And
as people have told us, they continue to cook at home. In the future, we expect that to continue.

The other thing I would call out on Glad is the innovation that's supporting people through this time. As
Lisah highlighted in her prepared comments, we launched Glad ForceFlex with Clorox, and that's doing
extremely well. It's early days, but we're seeing really good consumer acceptance as well as the Glad
bags we launched in Q3 that are experiential with both scent and color, those continue to have very strong
velocities and are supporting consumers during this time.

One other thing I would call out, which I think is exciting for this business, is we've seen household
penetration increases in Glad and we've seen higher household pen increases from low-income consumers.
So we're offering them in the right value at the right time as they stay home. And if we look to the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

future and we think about what these businesses can do, we certainly see additional room for us to grow
household penetration and for us to continue to retain those consumers. And that's why we're leaning
in and investing in innovation and leaning in and investing in advertising. But what we would expect in
the back half as we lap a strong comp is we would see though that growth rate come down. But if you
compare this period versus pre-COVID, say, fiscal year '19, we're still experiencing very strong growth.

Operator

Next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. Just a couple of quick follow-ups, if I could. And then I actually really want to ask about the
International supply chain in wipes. But just to clean up what you were just talking about to Olivia,
Household and Lifestyle, you mentioned the inventory catch-up. Can you just confirm whether those
inventories were back in balance exiting the quarter or whether there are any lingering pockets of
dislocation we should be aware of?

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Yes. For Grilling, we have mainly gotten back to a point where we are in supply. And given this is the
smaller quarter for Kingsford coming up, just given seasonality, we think we're in a good position moving
forward. We still have some work to do on Glad and still have additional work to do on vitamins, minerals
and supplements and Brita. So we're not out of the woods yet. And what we'll say is it will be a staggered
recovery across those businesses that we have remaining over the next 2 quarters.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Okay. That helps. And then on the International supply chain in wipes, can you give us a little bit
more detail as to what that looks like as we stand here today, how expensive it is, how much is in-sourced
versus, I presume, most of it outsourced, but just some color there? And then how that may be likely to
change over time as you build out against the opportunities that you've spotlighted?

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Happy to. Yes, this supply chain was incredibly important for us to build it local in markets so that we
could react to the opportunities we saw quickly, and we stood the supply chain up in just a matter of
months and we already have product shipping into countries today. We do have locations around the world
where we're supplying because, again, we have business in Latin America, in Asia, and so we're thinking
about that expansion with ensuring that we have distribution availability in that market. We also have
designed this product from the ground up as well, specifically for the consumer in those markets. So the
needs can be a little bit different depending on the country that you're in, the size of the wipe, the way
that they want the lotion to feel.

So again, we did that within a matter of months and stood it up. We'll continue to be flexible just as we
have built this business in the U.S. over the last 20 years. As we expand in International, we'll have all of
those things under consideration, how much makes sense for us to have in-house, how much makes sense
to have with third-party suppliers. But the good news about this is we find this supply chain to be scalable,
and we'll lean in and pursue this opportunity aggressively because we think our products can help so many
more people around the world.

Operator

Next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge.

[Operator Instructions] We have a question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I guess, first, I just want to talk about untracked channel dynamics because you were helpful in sharing
that about 2 to 3 points of the sales growth this quarter was related to restocking retail inventories. But
there's still kind of, even outside of that, a number of these businesses that really don't tie to what's
showing up in Nielsen. So I was curious, I guess, if there is new distribution we should be aware of for
Glad or for Kingsford, in particular. And If not, just is the performance off-line dramatically different --
sorry, untracked dramatically different than tracked?

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Sure, Lauren. Happy to start on that one. So I think it's safe to say that the relationship and our
performance in tracked channels and untracked is going to be less linear over time and is certainly less
linear in Q1. But I think it would be helpful to back up and just set the backdrop for what we've seen in
fiscal year '20 and then specifically get into Q1 and then our expectations on this one moving forward. So
if you back up in fiscal year '20, tracked channels for us as a total company, including International and
our Professional Products business represented about 60% of total company sales. 80% of total U.S. Retail
is in tracked channels. And what happened this quarter is we had strong growth in Professional Products
and International, and that accounts for about 1/4 of our sales growth, which, of course, is not accounted
for in Nielsen, as you highlighted.

But if you looked at tracked and untracked channels, those growth rates were about the same at about
20%. And that makes sense because we've been on allocation for a number of our businesses, so
you would expect to see both of those at about the same rate. But as you mentioned, Kevin called
out inventory, and as we started to replenish inventory in businesses like Kingsford, Brita, Bleach and
vitamins, minerals and supplements, that accounted for about 2 to 3 points this quarter of the disconnect.

We also had a year ago inventory effect, if you think about Grilling, because last year, we had heavy
inventory. This year, we had low inventory and heavy sales, and so we were replenishing that consumption
and you saw a disconnect in Grilling. And then the one other thing I would call out for you, Lauren, is
promotional periods versus a year ago. And I would really caution everybody against using narrow time
periods like a week or 4 weeks because those periods have changed year-over-year and it causes noise
in the data as well as the fact that we were not merchandising anything in our Cleaning and Disinfecting
portfolio given our supply. So those 2 factors, both inventory and promotional, also contributed. And
then going forward, we would expect this disconnect to continue because we expect strong growth from
International, strong growth from Professional Products. And then as more consumers move online, more
of that will be untracked.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. That's super helpful. And then the other question was a little bit longer term. So historically, a
key kind of mantra for Clorox was big share brands in midsized categories, right? And that's still in your
investor slide deck and still kind of how you talk about your business. The thing though is that your
previously midsized categories are becoming really big categories, where everybody wants to participate.

So I just, Linda, wanted to talk a little bit about how you may be factoring that change in whether it's
competitive dynamics, overall category size, attention being paid to these businesses, where you've kind
of been able to operate at a very high level, but arguably with a bit less competitive intensity historically
than maybe the case going forward.

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Sure, Lauren. Let me try to take that in a couple of buckets and start first with just your portfolio
question. And I feel terrific about our portfolio. If you look at the broad-based growth, we've had 8
out of 10 businesses with double-digit sales growth, growing most business' expansion and household

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

penetration, strong consumer value measure across those businesses. I think our portfolio is in a terrific
place to be competitive.

And then if I answer your question around big share brands in midsized categories, I do think that's what
we're still about. And these categories, even though there's a lot of attractiveness, are still relatively
small to some of the categories in store. And even with the growth rates we've been experiencing, we
would still consider them to be midsized. And then if I think about competition, maybe I would disagree
a little bit, Lauren. I think our categories have been competitive for quite a long time. We've had national
players. If you think about Cleaning, in that business and certainly internationally for a long time, people
have entered in our space and wipes before, several times. So I think that's going to continue to be
competitive. And to your point, we'll be more competitive in the near future because it's a very attractive
place to play right now. And what we turn back to is really what separates us and how we think we can
win, and that starts with having strong brands that consumers love and that they're loyal to.

And as I highlighted at the beginning, those factors around the health of the portfolio, our household
penetration, our consumer value measure scores, how we're seeing people enter our categories, give us
reassurance that we have the right brands to win in that space. And then IGNITE really elevates the role
of innovation. And I think that's going to be critical for us to win in the future in these categories. People's
needs are changing, their behaviors are changing, and we need to innovate to meet those new needs. And
we're feeling terrific about the innovation program we have in place now about the innovation you can
expect to see in the back half of fiscal year '21 and then well beyond that. We're feeling great about that.

So for us, again, that moment is about investing right now and leaning into the strength of those brands,
knowing it's going to be more competitive, focusing relentlessly on superior consumer value and ensuring
that people know that our brands offer them the very best when it comes to meeting their needs today as
they deal with COVID and staying home more. Does that help answer your question, Lauren?

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

It does. Yes.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] You have a question from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge.

Jonathan Patrick Feeney
Consumer Edge Research, LLC

Sorry about that. I had technical difficulty, maybe more than the usual. Just -- and I apologize if this has
been asked. Does your 27% organic sales gain, in your opinion, represent any data you have a share gain
on a weighted basis versus your categories? Because I'm trying to figure out where you stand, particularly
in Cleaning, but broadly. And then as a related question, what's your current share of sales right now in e-
commerce, which would probably be your fastest-growing and highest-contributed nonmeasured sales?

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Sure. Jonathan, I think it's -- we can't answer the question in full because we have categories that don't
have relevant tracked share data that we can quantify. So Professional Products is a good example and
International. But I think if you look at all outlets, we're in a place where share is about flat right now,
and most of that is due to supply constraints. And we would anticipate if we were in a position to better
supply across those categories, to see improvement on that. And I know you know that we hold all of our
businesses accountable to growing share. So that's what I would say about the first part of your question.

And then as I think about moving forward and how we are anticipating looking at that, what we're trying
to see is in the very narrow buckets that we compete in, whether that be online or out-of-home, how
are we doing in that individual space because it's hard to aggregate this and understand what we're
doing broadly. So we're looking country by country. We're looking at specific channels in our Professional
business to see how we're doing. And then we're looking at it online. Online, specifically, about 2/3 of our
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

brands are #1 share online, which lines up nicely with the rest of our portfolio, and we're doing very well
there. And that has to do with the early investments we made in e-commerce. We were one of the first
to stand up a fully dedicated team on e-commerce pure-play customers as well as standing up integrated
teams on our brick and click customers. So we're in a very good position online. As consumers continue to
move online, we'll continue to invest there.

And the one other thing I would point out is we've been spending over 60% of our dollars online for
a number of years. So we are where shoppers are today, and that's helped contribute to that share
expansion.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And this concludes the question-and-answer session. Ms. Rendle, I would now like
to turn the program back over to you.

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Thank you so much, Sharon. I feel great about our strong start to fiscal year '21 and look forward to
another year of delivering value to all our stakeholders. Thank you so much, everyone, and we'll speak
again on our next call in February. We hope you all stay well. Take care.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

