The Kraft Heinz Company NasdaqGS:KHC
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 29, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.62

0.70

Revenue  (mm)

6324.08

6441.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-28-2020 3:19 PM GMT

12.90

1.85

0.68

2.66

2.47

6629.28

25704.48

24513.12

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.68

0.54

0.65

0.62

0.72

0.58

0.80

0.70

5.88 %

7.41 %

23.08 %

12.90 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Christopher M. Jakubik
Head of Global Investor Relations

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Jonathan Patrick Feeney
Consumer Edge Research, LLC

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day. My name is Kevin, and I'll be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome
everyone to The Kraft Heinz Company Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call.

I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may
begin.

Christopher M. Jakubik
Head of Global Investor Relations

Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our earnings call.

As you know, during our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on
how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed
in our press release and our filings with the SEC.

We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial
measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And
you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release.

We will begin today's call with Miguel Patricio, our CEO, providing a brief business update. Carlos Abrams-
Rivera will then review performance in our U.S. business. Paulo Basilio, our CFO, will discuss our financial
performance and near-term outlook. Then we will all be available to take your questions.

With that, I'll hand it to Miguel.

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Well, thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I would like to start our business update by sharing
the sentiment I provided earlier today in our earnings release. You have heard me say frequently that we
were cautiously optimistic about the path forward, but our momentum has been building, causing us to
turn more to confidently optimistic.

This is based on 3 facts. First, in the previous 2 quarters, our results benefited from the scale that Kraft
Heinz could bring in the immediate response to the pandemic. Our exceptionally strong third quarter
performance reflects the agility of our organization and our ability to sustain momentum. Second, the
changes in consumer priorities continue to support greater at-home consumption and increased demand
for our brands. And third, our strategic work is moving from planning and organizing into action.

Based on these 3 factors, we are raising our 2020 outlook and continue to expect 2021 results to be ahead
of the strategic plan we finalized earlier this year.

To better make these points, let me share a few relevant charts. Slide 6 presents an updated view of
our at-home or retail versus away-from-home or foodservice sales performance. The charts show Kraft
Heinz' year-on-year sales growth by geography from Q1 through Q3. The abrupt, unprecedented shifting
between at-home and away-from-home consumption that we saw in the first half of the year continued
through the third quarter.

At our Investor Day, we spoke at length about the many things we have been doing to become more
creative, more agile and more efficient. And despite both volatile demand and, in some areas, constrained
capacity, our teams around the world are demonstrating their ability to adapt to demand through a
mindset of growth.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Our agility led to a very strong second half of September, as retail demand accelerated yet again, and we
responded effectively and efficiently. As a result, our Q3 top and bottom line performance was stronger
than what we projected at our Investor Day on September 15.

We have talked about 2020 being the first year of a turnaround. We said it would be a year in which we
laid the foundation for future growth, stabilized our underlying profitability and maintained our industry-
leading margins, all while we rebuild our business momentum.

It is clear that this is happening, as you can see on Slide 7. From the first half through the third quarter,
we have sustained underlying top and bottom line momentum. Even as we take on additional COVID-
related costs and supply constraints, we have been keeping our cost of goods under control. Also as we
outlined in February, we are resetting our base through divestiture, business exit and the normalization of
incentive compensation.

Our underlying growth is tracking with our strategy. Platform growth is consistent with the portfolio roles
we have defined, with growth platforms up 7% year-to-date and energized platforms up 8%. And what we
find very encouraging is that, while Taste Elevation is growing middle single digits, excluding Foodservice,
Taste Elevation is growing roughly 20%. Emerging market growth is accelerating, up 9% in Q3 versus 7%
year-to-date.

The simplification that our platform approach and portfolio roles bring is a key enabler in guiding us and
measuring our success as we move to offense. This visibility is critical as consumer preferences evolve,
and we need to adapt to serve different needs, which brings me to another reason for our confidence in
our path going forward.

We are seeing consumer preferences evolve in ways that indicate that elevated demand for both at-home
consumption and big, trusted brands will remain strong going forward. We are seeing stickiness in at-
home consumption as consumers discover or rediscover cooking at home and at-home meal experience.

We see them reassessing the shopping trip, with bigger baskets and greater bundling. Affordability is a
rising concern, which should be a benefit to those companies that are fast to adapt and have a strong
presence up and down the price value ladder.

Consumers are gravitating towards big brands, and our retail partners are reassessing assortment with
availability and velocity, a key determinant for it. And consumers are increasing choosing brands that can
better align with their values. These consumer trends are tailwinds, causing us to turn more confidently
optimistic in the near term.

The actions we have already taken to put our operating model in motion and the things that we needed to
fix the most heading to our turnaround are many of the same things needed to adapt to an unpredictable
environment with faster, greater changes in the consumer development. For instance, since late last year,
we focused on improving our people efforts by revamping and deploying new training and development
programs.

In many ways, we were also ahead of the game in our efforts to reduce stress and burnout and boost
morale. And just last week, Kraft Heinz was named to the top quartile of Forbes Magazine list of
World's Best Employers, after not even making the list of 750 companies last year. This is very positive
reinforcement for all our efforts.

We have talked at length about the many things underway to transform our company, from adapting
our innovation pipeline to eliminating waste, to driving productivity as well as better planning with our
partners and ramping up investments in our brands and our capacity and our reach, e-commerce and
emerging markets.

The point is that we now have the framework and visibility to distort resources, reinvest savings where
we have the most advantage and the greatest opportunities to grow. And most important, we are moving
from planning and organizing to action.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

I will close my opening comments by summarizing a few points. We had stronger-than-expected Q3
results due to the greater agility we are creating. The consumer trends we are seeing and the actions
underway give us more confidence that our momentum will remain strong in the near term, and we expect
to continue exceeding our original strategic plan into 2021.

I will pass it on to Carlos now to provide more color on how we are seeing this taking shape in our biggest
business.

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Thank you, Miguel, and good morning, everyone. I think the analogy I would use to describe this past
quarter is that we successfully have been driving down the road at 90 miles per hour to keep up with all
the demand, while we are changing the tires. Now that takes ownership and agility, and our teams are
showing it in spades.

As Miguel mentioned, our third quarter results demonstrate how our new organization quickly adapts to
opportunities, and it was evident across our U.S. business, as finished out the quarter. As you can see on
Slide 12, we maintained a strong momentum in both the top and bottom line.

Organic net sales growth reflected higher household penetration and repeat rates and our revenue
management discipline. And our outstanding execution and efficiency in operations and procurement
resulted in strong adjusted EBITDA gain, even as a number of headwinds began to have a greater impact
in Q3.

We did this while demand shifted between channels on a week-to-week basis, and the organization
advanced the divestiture of our natural cheese business. While we can't predict the future, 3 things give us
further confidence. First, as Miguel mentioned, we are encouraged by the continuing trend towards greater
at-home consumption. Second is that we are seeing more consumers coming back to our brands. And
third, we are now better positioned to retain and grow both new and loyal consumers, respond to rapidly
changing demand and further capitalize on the gains we have made in the last 9 months.

Keeping with the driving analogy, operationally, we have turned a corner. I am pleased to share that
we have rapidly moved from reorganizing to execution, and we are now in position to properly deploy
resources and execute in a way that continues to build on the positive consumption trends we are
experiencing.

To give you a better idea of what this means, in people, our new business unit structure is now fully
operation and fully staffed. We have made recent external leadership additions in consumer insights and
sales leads with major customers. These additions complement several internal placements in new or
evolved critical roles, all helping to carry out a new foundational processes with a growth mindset.

The work we have done to put people first is paying off. We have seen higher engagement among our
current employees, and we are continuing to attract top-tier talent into the organization more rapidly than
ever before. And we're building and strengthening both organizational and individual capabilities. This
includes leveraging digital as an enabler, which will allow us to accelerate our growth and raise the bar on
what it means to be the best.

Turning to our platforms. Significant work on all 6 platforms is underway in the U.S. zone. And while
results will be more evident in 2021, I'll show in a moment that we have already stored resources and
investment to fuel our growth and energize platforms.

In our Ops Centers, collaborations across our entire supply chain contributed a significant amount to our
success this quarter, including holding cost of goods under control, even with incremental COVID-driven
cost, demand volatility and supply constraints.

In addition, our focus on operational excellence in manufacturing has enabled us to increase year-over-
year production in the low single-digit range overall and by roughly 20% on lines where we have had
constrained supply relative to strong demand.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

In Q3, this included relieving constraints in high-demand categories, like cold cuts, cream cheese, mac
and cheese and stuffing, helping us to sustain already strong household penetration and share trends,
which I'll talk about shortly. And anticipating continued demand, we expect to go from double- to triple-
digit investment dollars to improve capacity in 2021.

We've also made significant progress in our partner program, with customers citing much earlier and
much deeper planning than in the past. To date, we have conducted more than 40 top-to-top meetings
with key retailers, with another 40 planned in the coming weeks. In each meeting, we are sharing our
transformational plans as well as joint business plan for the coming year. It's allowing us to be more
strategic in category development and value creation.

And while we're doing a lot to maintain retail momentum, we're also finding opportunities to better
support our foodservice partners from piloting new innovations like zero-touch dispensers to helping
create unique menu items that drive traffic and sale for our partners. We have quickly pivoted to adapt to
market needs. All of this is beginning to result in consumers voting more often for us.

As you can see on Slide 14, our retail market share has been continuously improving over the past year,
running up to the end of September. This has been driven by an improvement in the overall health of the
portfolio, as we have had increased capacity, invested in marketing, adapted our communication and built
stronger collaborations with our customers.

The percent of our retail sales, where we're growing share, has grown from only 20% in the first half to
41% in Q3 and up to 58% in September. And we are fixing our biggest categories, as a percent of our
categories where we are gaining share has gone from 36% to 49% over the same time period.

Some of this is due to resolving supply constraints in some key categories. For instance, Oscar Mayer
cold cuts, part of our fast fresh meals platform and an area we are energizing, saw share growth this
quarter for the first time in 18 months. This was the result of fast adapting our product mix to raw
materials availability and capacity constraints as well as the agility to activate and execute differently with
customers.

Some of this is due to greater focus and prioritization that our platform approach is bringing. For instance,
in our Taste Elevation platform, we grew market share during Q3 in over 70% of the categories we
compete. More importantly, we are well positioned and have the right plans in place to build on this.

I have shown previously that our household penetration was one of the inherent strength of our portfolio
relative to the industry and how this has strengthened further since the onset of COVID-19. We continue
to see increased household penetration and repeat rates across a sizable portion of the portfolio, including
core brands like Kraft Mac & Cheese, Philadelphia and Planters. But what is most encouraging is that the
rate of new buyer repurchasing our products 2 or more times is now double the rate versus what we're
seeing last year.

To build our base of loyal consumers and keep this momentum going, we are stepping up our marketing
investment by 40% in the second half of this year compared with the second half last year and 70%
compared with the first half of this year, and we will have more working dollars as a percent of our spend
as well.

To close here, our third quarter was very encouraging as we began to see ourselves bringing agility to our
scale. And with our organization, prioritization and 2021 plans in place, we are well positioned to sustain
the momentum we have benefited from so far in 2020.

With that, I will turn it over to Paulo to talk through our financial results and outlook.

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Carlos, and good morning, everyone. I will quickly walk through some key highlights of our
results and then provide our expectations for the path forward. I will begin where Carlos left off with the
U.S. business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Organic net sales in the U.S. increased 7.4%, in spite of a roughly 1-point drag from the McCafé exit,
which began July 1. Volume/mix growth across retail, e-commerce and club channels was strong and more
than offset lower Foodservice sales.

Pricing was up 4% from a combination of lower promotional activity in certain categories to protect
customer service, selective planned price actions and commodity-driven pricing, primarily in cheese. These
effects are expected to fade in Q4, as we begin to lap prior year pricing actions, and we expect to return
to more normal levels of promotional activity.

At adjusted EBITDA, even though we saw the key headwinds mentioned on our last earnings call, better
retail performance, positive pricing, favorable mix and strong procurement and efficiencies more than
offset those impacts.

In our international segment, Q3 top line performance checked 3 of the boxes of the strategy we outlined
for the zone at Investor Day. First, we delivered mid-single-digit growth with a relatively balanced
contribution from volume and price. Second, growth was led by emerging markets, with outside gains
in priority markets, including Russia, Brazil and in Taste Elevation in China. And finally, we advanced our
aspiration of global leadership in Taste Elevation with over 1 point of share growth in that platform.

Taken together, this top line growth fueled 6.8% constant currency adjusted EBITDA growth and more
than offset higher supply chain costs, including incremental COVID-related expenses and normalized
incentive compensation.

Looking forward, our outlook for the international segment is largely consistent with what we expressed in
July. We anticipate results specifically on the top line to soften in the remainder of the year compared to
the year-to-date trend.

Finally, in Canada, Q3 organic net sales growth decelerated relative to the first half. Here, lower coffee
and foodservice shipments more than offset pricing gains and strong platform growth. In fact, Q3 retail
consumption for Easy Meals Made Better and Taste Elevation, our 2 priority consumer platforms in Canada,
grew at a double-digit rate, and we increased share in 70% of our categories.

Constant currency adjusted EBITDA improved sequentially, as we fully lapped the divestiture of the
Canadian cheese business in Q3. That said, we still saw a decline versus prior year due to the McCafé exit.
Excluding the McCafé impact, constant currency adjusted EBITDA would have been virtually flat with the
prior year, as consumption growth offset supply chain cost inflation, mainly in logistics as well as higher
incentive compensation.

For Q4, we expect a combination of softer foodservices sales this year and seasonally strong McCafé sales
in the prior year to weigh on organic sales. These effects are likely to mask strong, although moderating,
retail consumption growth and carry forward price initiatives. EBITDA is likely to be more resilient and
remain near run rate margin levels, with positive pricing and favorable mix more or less offsetting higher
operational costs.

Looking at the total company results. There are 2 things I'd like to highlight before going to our outlook.
One is below EBITDA items, and the other is free cash flow. In July, we reiterated our prior forecast for
$0.38 below-the-line headwinds due to a combination of higher tax, lower other income and higher equity
compensation. Those 3 factors played out mostly as expected in Q3 with a $0.12 negative impact to
adjusted EPS. That brought the year-to-date impact to $0.31 and remains in line with an approximate
impact of $0.38 for the full year, a view I'm reiterating today. Also keep in mind that this impact is
primarily noncash in nature.

In terms of free cash flow, year-to-date 2020 free cash flow has more than doubled compared with the
first 9 months of 2019. Much of the increase has been driven by year-to-date sales and adjusted EBITDA
growth. However, some of it is also due to favorable accrual timing and lower CapEx spend, which we
expect to reverse in Q4. Furthermore, working capital as a source of cash should be comparatively less
than it was in Q4 last year as we aim to rebuild inventory levels.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

That said, we are confident that free cash flow will be significantly better than 2019 levels, and we would
expect free cash flow conversion to be roughly in line with our long-term target of 100% for the full year
in 2020.

Given where we are in the year and based on what we have been seeing to date, we are raising our
outlook for Q4 and for the full year. We now expect organic net sales to grow mid-single digits in Q4, and
that would result in mid-single-digit growth for the full year.

For adjusted EBITDA, we see high single-digit constant currency growth in the fourth quarter. And for the
full year, we are now expecting high single-digit constant currency adjusted EBITDA growth.

In terms of cash flow and leverage, we expect a strong performance to date to result in 100% free cash
flow conversion for the year and net leverage to be approximately 4x by the end of the year.

Looking into 2021, we now have things in place to accelerate our investment with strong visibility on
returns and build on the momentum we established this year. It is difficult to predict consumer behavior
and the balance between at-home versus away-from-home consumption going forward, so we will focus
on what we could control and set our objectives appropriately.

From an organic sales perspective, our focus will be to retain developed market household gains we made
in 2020 and improve our growth trajectory from agile portfolio management.

For EBITDA, we will accelerate growth investments, especially towards emerging markets, and deliver
adjusted EBITDA above our strategic plan. We continue to be committed to a strong return of cash to
shareholders, and we will continue to reduce gross debt outstanding, accelerated by the proceeds of the
pending cheese transaction.

With that, let me turn it back to Miguel to close.

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Thank you, Paulo. Well, to quickly summarize what we have seen and what we see going forward, our
momentum remains strong as we rebuild our company through a mindset of growth. We are now moving
to offense, able to reinvest savings and realize near-term upside in a purposeful, prioritized way. And we
expect to continue performing ahead of our strategic plan.
Now we would be happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

You mentioned affordability as an increasing concern for consumers. But at the same time that, that's
happening, we're seeing private label across almost all categories do quite poorly in terms of share. I'm
just curious, you have some exposure to store brands in your categories. What is your research recently
telling you about maybe why private label isn't doing a little bit better in this environment?

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Well, let me start that, and then Carlos can comment. We still haven't really felt the effect of the crisis
that we have, so the reduction on GDP. We continue to see a pretty big acceleration in consumption.
And of course, that -- part of that is, number one, because of home consumption growing because of
the pandemic. But number two, because of consumers going back to trusted brands. I think that, at this
moment, there's a big need for brands that people trust.

That's a big change from the past, that there was a need of experimentation of brands and other things.
What we see at this moment related to affordability is a change towards packs, so we are selling more
economy packs this time than we were before. So mix impacted it.

Carlos, do you want to complement?

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Yes, Miguel. So I guess, let me just go back to something that I said during Investor Day, which is it's not
so much about fighting with private labels, as it is coexisting with private labels. I think, at this time, what
consumers are looking from us is to make sure we continue to emphasize the value that we can bring, and
we certainly do that with our brands.

If you think about other recessions, big brands tend to win as well as some of the private label. But then
smaller brands actually do not perform as well, and I think that's playing out that way. So if you look at
our Q3 results, our shares actually improved throughout the quarter. And as we go into Q4, we continue to
invest behind our marketing. We'll see that continuing in the next quarter as well. Thank you.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Can I ask a quick follow-up to Paulo? Just a clarification. You said you expect to reduce gross debt next
year. Is there anything we should read into that, that you said gross and not net debt? Do you also expect,
I guess, to have your net debt lower at the end of '21 than it is at the end of 2020?

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I meant that. Listen, we are generating cash. As we said, we had a very strong cash generation this
year. Year-to-date, we've paid down pretty much more than $1 billion in debt already, and just to say
that we intend to keep paying down debt next year with the strong cash flow that this company here
generates.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

But that's -- the mention was pretty much to say that we're going to use -- we're going to be paying down
debt every year to focus on the gross debt reduction. And of course, as we generate cash, our net debt
also will go down.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Carlos, we've noticed you've obviously brought on quite a bit of new talent at high levels in a number of
areas, but perhaps most visibly in sales. Having recently hired, I think, a new head of U.S. sales, a new
head of U.S. sales in national accounts, and I'm sure some others that I'm missing, maybe you can talk
a little bit about in terms of sort of what skill sets you were looking for when you brought some of these
folks on and some of the other efforts you've been making, specifically on the sales side. And maybe what
you're seeing thus far as a result, especially with key retail partners, which I know has certainly been an
area of focus for the company.

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Well, first, thank you, Andrew, and I do appreciate you recognizing the changes we're making. But --
and let me, I guess, start with -- give you a little bit of a context about how we're rethinking our sales
organization.

For us, it was around how do we actually build agility in the organization and in 3 different pieces: how
do we reorganize our structure; upgrading our processes; and really instilling great discipline on how
we spend. So I mean, I think you speak about the reorganization we have made. We have brought new
talent in which -- and I think what I'm most proud of is that huge amount of experience and diversity
of thinking they are also bringing to Kraft Heinz. And we're also making sure we are changing how our
account structure, so that we can focus on those critical partners.

And then internally, we have also centralized our customer development and revenue management teams
to make sure we releverage our scale in a different way. So as you said, some of the key talents we have,
not only a head of -- new head of sales, but people under him actually account for over 50% of our overall
sales in the U.S., so that is a significant new leadership that we have put into critical places.

And then as we work with our customers, I'll tell you that one of the things that they also seem to be
noticing is that we have also upgraded our processes. So we are pulling forward planning cycle to make
sure we better match their time lines, which is something that we haven't done in the past. And then
making sure we have that greater discipline that I spoke about, which is make sure we have clear planning
time lines that we commit and deliver, and we have the clarity to drive accountability and speed internally.

And if you take a step back, Andrew, I think what you see is that kind of improved execution, it's showing
on both in terms of our growth as well as the sequential improvement we're seeing in market share. So I
am very pleased with the talent that we're bringing to the organization, again, with the discipline, with the
experience and the diversity of thinking that I think is going to continue to make us a stronger company
as we go forward. Thank you.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just a quick follow-up then would be you've talked a lot about bringing on additional capacity, particularly
in some categories where you've been most constrained. Is there any way to dimensionalize maybe sort
of what percentage of that capacity is sort of third-party manufacturers versus, let's say, putting more of
your own capital in the ground?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

And the reason I asked this is to trying to get a sense of that could be also a telltale on sort of your
expectations around how much of this incremental demand could really be sticky by putting more of your
own capital in versus, let's say, the flexibility of a copacker.

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

No, thank you, and thanks for the question. So I think the way I think about it in terms of capacity is
there are some pockets of capacity constraints, but really nothing that should be holding us back in a
significant way. We have been making significant stride on improving our capacity in those lines that
we have constrained. I think you have heard us talk about the fact that in those constrained line, we're
actually driving 20% more out of those lines than we have ever done.

So it's also both making sure that we address that, but also is that we have to be more agile to making
sure we put the capacity that we have where we need it and working with our customers in a collaborative
way.

And some of that agility that also -- it also translates on how we're actually working with our partners
differently because we know that, for example, let me just take one, which is Mac & Cheese, well, Mac
& Cheese, really, the only constraint we have is in Mac & Cheese cups. So what we have done is work
collaborative with our retail partners so that we can actually flex our marketing and promotion, so that we
can emphasize our boxed Mac & Cheese, and that kind of segmentation and focusing with our partners
into the places where we do have a lot of capacity, that actually has worked well. And it also is part of the
reason why you're seeing that translate into improved share performance.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I had a couple of questions, the first is on the market share improvements. It looks pretty impressive.
Can you give a little more color on what categories are improving the most? And maybe explain what you
did to -- so that you can -- we can feel comfortable that those shares are sticky. Was it product? Was it
pricing? What's fixed?

And then secondly on inventory and supply chain, glad to see that you're accelerating everything. Are
retailers asking for more inventory than normal, though? And when you say that the environment will go
back to normal in fourth quarter, maybe a little more color on -- as infection rates are rising higher, do you
actually have to expand capacity well beyond your normal situation in order to satisfy what retailers want?

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

I can take that one and -- at least for the U.S. and then we'll -- if there's anything else, Miguel, you want
to comment from performance and on share.

What I would say is that if you look at our -- the way we're now thinking about our business, we also have
-- we're looking at how we go from 55 categories to the 6 platforms that we identified during the Investor
Day. And I think the thing that is very encouraging for us is that we are seeing strong performance across
all 6 growth platforms. In particular, the 2 areas we designated as growth platform around Taste Elevation
and Easy Meals Made Better, both are adding really strong penetration rates.

So it is not only the fact that we are driving improved share, but also is that we actually continue to drive
the penetration in the places we really are going after, and that is done because of the work that we're
doing.

So for example, there are things we're doing in Taste Elevation and let me tell you -- for example, the
Heinz brand. We are benefiting as we are actually focused on those host foods that we identified during

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

our Investor Day, whether that was burgers and fries and nuggets, and those occasions are actually
driving even higher. So the places that we said that we're going to be focusing on are actually the behavior
that we see in consumers actually doing more of as we go into this -- in most recent quarters.

And then if you are to look at things like Easy Meals Made Better, where we have various like Mac &
Cheese, we're also seeing how they continue to come back as they are now understanding how good the
product is, how they're doing more prepared meals at home, whether that is with Mac & Cheese or with
our classical pasta sauce or either potatoes.

So it's a combination of us improving on the way we think about our consumers with a stronger focus on
the consumer platform as well as continue to drive improved focus on our penetration of our brands and
driving with better marketing.

Before I get to your questions about the overall inventory levels, I don't know, Miguel, anything else you
want to comment in terms of share?

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Yes. I -- just complementing what you said, in international -- in the international zone, we are seeing
stable for share growth. The most remarkable growth in share is coming from Brazil, from Russia and from
the Middle East.

In Canada, we are actually gaining share in 70% of the portfolio that we operate. The -- we have
problems in coffee, especially because of McCafé that is not in the space, and that was very representative
for Canada. It was about 5% of the net sales for our business in Canada. But January, this will no longer
be in the base.

So that complements the great momentum we have in U.S. that Carlos just mentioned. Just to say that
we're seeing some records in some of our products, ketchup and ranch dressing, cream cheese and mayo,
very, very good momentum.

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

And then -- thank you, Miguel. And then, Rob, I think your question -- the other part of your question was
around the inventory levels. I think that what we -- let me just, I guess, put it within the context first of
what we saw in Q3, which is we did see some rebuild on the retail inventories when you look at year-over-
year, but that was really as a result of the drawdown that we saw in Q1.

So it does vary by customer, but overall, I think we are seeing that progression of most of that recovery
happen from what we saw in Q1. Now the reality is that we don't know what the precision is of where
retailers are going to end up in terms of the number of days of inventory they're going to be carrying as
we go forward, so that's still to be known.

What we -- what I can tell you we're doing is we're actually working very collaborative with our customers
to make sure that we are there as they are preparing for a holiday season that I think, in many ways,
could be unprecedented.

And then secondly is in places where we know that our consumers are looking to expand maybe into
nontraditional categories, so we are seeing things like in our meat business that actually recover in Q3.
And we saw the improvement in share with some of the meat business that normally wouldn't sell as
much in Q4, we're seeing already the improved performance and consumption as we go into the holidays.

So net-net, I would tell you is that we are working collaborative. We are seeing some improvement in Q3
in terms of retail inventories. Where exactly it's going to land, not as clear yet, but we're going to be there
with our customers to make sure we do the right thing.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So I guess, I wanted to follow up a little bit on Andrew Lazar's question just with regards to the capacity
additions and kind of the implications for, I guess, the stickiness of some of the elevated demand this
year. My impression from the Investor Day was that the baseline expectation that you all were setting
going forward was really that you weren't expecting a lot of this extra demand that we picked up in 2020
to stick. So I guess, my question is, it sounds like you're expecting more of it to stick. So maybe what's
changed with regards to your thoughts around that, first?

And then second, just can you give us a sense of how you're monitoring that? Like just how do you
identify that? And then maybe tied to that, just how you plan -- like what do you do to maintain that
stickiness? Is it increased advertising? Is it new products? Just what can you do to make sure that, that
demand sticks?

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Let me -- I guess, let me take -- we know we talked about it. Let me try to give you maybe a little bit
more color in terms of how we think about our demand and making sure that it does stick. We do see --
and we saw this in Q3 with consumers coming back to our brands in a much stronger way.

So the fact is that we -- when you look at the results, we are really encouraged about the rate of new
buyer repurchasing a product that is 2 or more times. So it's not they're coming back, but they're actually
coming at a higher rate than we have seen in the past. And we are also seeing that particularly in our big
brands.

So let me give you an example, Philadelphia, the repeat is up 23% as those users really are looking for
more user occasion of what to do with whether that is not just baking, but actually breakfast as well. And
we're seeing places like Oscar Mayer where people are preparing more home lunches, and they're using
our products in new occasions now that they are spending more time at home.

So if you take it all together, then you say, okay, first, our big brands have really resonated with new
consumers. Those consumers are actually now that they are trying our brands are seeing the great taste,
quality and value advantage that we bring, so they're actually coming back at a higher rate. And when
you bring it all together, it just shows that, to me, the best way to exemplify this is that you've seen
the sequential improvement that we're seeing in our share performance. So that gives us quite a bit of
confidence.

I spoke earlier around the capacity. And I can say, again, we are seeing pockets, but at the same time,
it's nothing that should be -- hit us in a significant way as we go forward. And I'm very pleased with the
agility the organization that is doing in order to make sure that we work collaborative with our customers,
to ensure that we have flex where we need it, but that actually has been something that we feel positive
about as we go forward into Q4. Thanks for the question.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Can you hear me okay?

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Yes.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Yes.

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

Yes.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Right. So can I ask about the pricing dynamics? You talked about, obviously, there was strength in pricing
this quarter, particularly in the U.S. But do you expect that to save going forward as promotional activity
starts to ramp up again?

I'm just curious about the conversations you're having with retailers about that. Are they asking for more
promotional activity? And in a capacity-constrained environment, how are those conversations going? And
then I have a follow-up.

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

So...

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

Sorry. I can take this one, Alexia. So I think I'm going to start here talking about like the comment about
the pricing. So -- and then maybe ask Carlos to talk to get the U.S. piece. I think it's a good way to
approach that.

We -- one piece that we see is that now, as we comment, the first I think in Q4, we are going to start
lapping some price increases we had in Q4 last year. So that is one of the components that we mentioned.
So in a relative basis, so we're going to start lapping this price. And again, given the constraints that we
had, and I'm going to ask Carlos to complement there, we are also coming back to a better or a more
normal level of promotions. But then I'm going to ask Carlos to build on that.

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Yes. Thank you, Paulo. So like in the U.S., what I would say is that we're beginning to now return to more
normal levels of promotion and activity. I think you saw the effects of some of that already in the Labor
Day time period. And if you look at not only the actual Labor Day weekend, but also overall, you take a
step back and look at back-to-school performance, that back-to-school was actually pretty in line to what
we saw last year. So that shows, I think, that we are returning back, that our customers want to make
sure that we have the right pricing as we go into the remaining of the year.

So it was both in terms of us saying that we are ready in terms of having the availability of capacity to
make sure we have the right promotions back in place as well as working with our customers to make
sure that we are there when we know consumers are going to be looking for our brands, regardless of the
channel, whether that is in brick-and-mortar or e-commerce.

And again, I think that if you look at it again, you see, just to finish the thought there, is that -- and what
you see is the market share performance, I think, will show that kind of returning to promotions at the
right level that we're doing as we go back and have the availability and the right investment with our
customers.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Great. And just a follow-up on the emerging markets. It's obviously strong right now, but should we be
worried about macroeconomic slowdowns in those regions and that may be starting to slow down demand
for branded products?

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Well, we are not seeing that. We have great momentum in the emerging markets, and I don't see any
reason to think that this will change in the short term, any signs of that. Actually, some countries we're
having record sales like in Russia, like Middle East, like in Brazil. And the momentum is with us.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge.

Jonathan Patrick Feeney
Consumer Edge Research, LLC

Just one question. I guess, a lot of the retailers have talked about SKU reductions and a more efficient
supply chain. That was clearly a response to the supply chain constraints brought on by COVID. But I'm
curious, how do you think this will play out over the next 12 months? Do you think more SKUs and items
come back, and the old complexity we had comes back? Or do you think that we wind up with a more
efficient business model? And to what impact on margins, if any, or your retailer relationships looked at
holistically?

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

I can answer that, and Carlos, if you want to complement that specifically about where. I think it's
actually both. I think that the first moment to maximize capacity, what we did, and the market did was to
reduce dramatically the number of SKUs to maximize productivity in the short term. Some of these SKUs,
however, were relaunched. And because they are important, they are incremental.

And so I think in a way, the market is adapting. It went to one extreme, and now it's coming back. But
of course, it will not go to the level that it was before, and that is good. It's good for us because the
complexity in our factories and improves -- make us really do a very good analysis on profitability and
velocity and streamline the unnecessary SKUs.

Carlos, if you want to add anything, please.

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Just to build more than adding, I would say, building on your answer, Miguel, what I would say is that
while it's difficult to say how the customers are going to stay in terms of levels of inventory and SKU
levels, there are things that we are doing internally to make sure that we have the most agile supply chain
organization, and that includes us reducing the number of SKUs as we go into next year. So from what we
had a year ago to what you'll see in 2021, it's about down 20% of number of SKUs.

That actually is something that, as we work collaborative with our customers, shows that we're able to
then make sure that we respond with the type of service they need in the core SKUs that they're also
looking for.

So now that doesn't take away from us being able to also stay focused on the kind of innovation that we
want to bring. So we are doing both reducing our SKUs to make sure -- by 20% to make sure we have the
agility in our supply chain. At the same time, we also are still focused on innovation as we go into 2021, in
which we actually feel very prepared. And the reason for that is we have reduced innovation -- a number
of innovations in '20 by half of what we had in 2019. And as we go into 2021, it's another 1/3 that we're
reducing.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

At the same time, that innovation is actually going to have a bigger impact in terms of overall drive
in sales since we go into 2021. So a much more fewer -- a much more focus on fewer, bigger, better
innovation, with also focus on the right SKUs, so that we can better service our customers. Thanks for the
question.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the Q&A portion of today's call. I'd like to turn the call back
over to Miguel Patricio for closing comments.

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Okay. Well, thank you very much for your presence to be with us and to listen to us.

I just want to finalize and repeat some of the things we said during this call. We had stronger-than-
expected Q3 results, and that is already reflecting the agility that we are creating in our organization.
We have been able to manage this shift at-home versus away-from-home consumption in an impressive
speed. We are holding on to new households and consumers in a greater rate than before, and the result
of that is that our market share is showing pretty good signs of improvement.

Our strategy is really moving or already moved from organizing really to action. We are investing in the
business. Investments are ramping up. We have, today, a much better team and talent in all levels. And
this better positions us, as we are trying to sustain gains.

So we are, as I said before, confidently optimistic in the near-term performance, and that's why we raised
our 2020 outlook. And in 2021, the financials are ahead of what we expected during our strategic plan.

So with that, thank you very much. Have a great day. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a
wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

