The Kraft Heinz Company NasdaqGS:KHC
FQ1 2021 Pre Recorded Earnings Call 
Transcripts
Thursday, April 29, 2021 12:00 AM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.74

0.59

Revenue  (mm)

6825.37

6244.09

22.03

2.40

2.82

2.55

26116.32

24946.73

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-23-2021 10:10 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.54

0.65

0.62

0.74

0.58

0.80

0.70

0.80

7.41 %

23.08 %

12.90 %

8.11 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

3

4

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Christopher M. Jakubik
Head of Global Investor Relations

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

Rafael de Oliveira
Zone President of International

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Presentation

Christopher M. Jakubik
Head of Global Investor Relations

Hello. This is Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations at the Kraft Heinz Company, and welcome to
our first quarter 2021 business update.

During our review, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things
today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our earnings
release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during these
remarks. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be
read together with GAAP results. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings
release and the supplemental materials at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com.

Today, our Chief Executive Officer, Miguel Patricio, will update our overall business performance; Carlos
Abrams-Rivera will review business performance in the U.S. segment; Rafa Oliveira will discuss business
performance in our international segment; and then Paulo Basilio, our Global Chief Financial Officer, will
provide an overall financial review and our near-term outlook.

We've also scheduled a separate live question-and-answer session with analysts as well. You can access
our earnings release and supplemental materials at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com. A replay of the question-
and-answer session, will be available following the event through the same website.

With that, I will turn it over to Miguel.

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Thank you, Chris.

As recently as February, I said we would begin 2021 with momentum across our brands and business. As
it turns out, we are showing even stronger momentum than anticipated. Our team delivered solid first
quarter growth at both top and bottom line on top of extraordinary growth that we had in the first quarter
last year.

Even though we expect to be operating in a very unpredictable environment for some time, we have had
a number of early wins, in our consumer platforms, in operations, in bolstering our talent and with our
partners. And this should enable us to accelerate our advantage in the future quarters. We also continue
to strengthen our portfolio while building additional financial flexibility, and this will position us to come out
of this period much stronger operationally and financially.

From a financial perspective, our first quarter results were strong and better than expected. Q1 organic
net sales grew 2.5% versus 2020. And that is on top of the 6.2% organic net sales growth we posted
in the first quarter of 2020. We also delivered strong adjusted EBITDA growth versus last year. If you
recall, last year, we estimated that our additional COVID-related demand resulted in approximately 9 to 10
percentage points of adjusted EBITDA growth versus Q1 2019. So building on that is very encouraging.

In a nutshell, our first quarter results were characterized by retail consumption in developed markets
remaining elevated, emerging market growth accelerating while the broader benefits of our strategy
continue to take hold.

Slide 6 is a view of our platform-based, consumer-led model. As you can see, our Grow platforms and
Emerging Markets continue to be the major growth engines for the company.

Our Grow platforms, excluding Foodservice, continue to be our strongest contributor to top line growth,
up 8% versus Q1 2020. The growth is led by Taste Elevation, which, excluding Foodservice, was up 15%
for Q1 2020 and 23% versus Q1 2019. In fact, across all our business segments, we continue to leverage

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

our competitive advantages and scale in Taste Elevation. In Emerging Markets, specifically, we are now
seeing the results of our localized go-to-market models as we begin to capture the tremendous white
space opportunities in front of us. In both Grow platforms and Emerging Markets, our strategy is clear. Our
people are motivated, and we are excited about the growth ahead.

Earlier this year, we outlined our renovation, innovation and marketing agenda. And Carlos and Rafa will
outline the very solid start we have had in our 2 biggest business segments. A key ingredient to driving
this agenda and a personal passion of mine since day 1 is building a culture of creativity at Kraft Heinz.

Last year, we launched the ACE Program to accelerate creative excellence. We are still early in this
journey, but we are seeing very good results. In March, we took another step in that journey, gathering
to celebrate best-in-class creative marketing from all around the world of Kraft Heinz with our first-ever
ACE awards. Here, we recognized and shared the 2020 achievements of our incredibly talent Kraft Heinz
marketers and agency partners. We brought in external advisers, world-class marketers who have won or
served as judges at Cannes.

The event celebrated our best creative work in 2020, but also served as an inspiration for our future.
Our Canada team, in particular, had a very strong showing this year. They worked hard to enhance their
portfolio with inventive campaigns like Heinz Pour Perfectly, the hazelnut spread Ubear campaign, and the
Draw Ketchup campaign. They are also creatively backing innovations like our lactose-free Philadelphia
Cream Cheese. In fact, their creativity is a key reason that our Canada business is now gaining share in
roughly 60% of its categories.

Our U.K. Heinz Beanz team recently had a lot of fun on Twitter with Weetabix, creating a national
conversation. It quickly became the #1 trending story on Twitter in the U.K. with more than 2 billion
media impressions and driving our brand equity scores 6 points higher.

Our goal is to become global leaders in marketing and brand management and that begins shifting our
culture to be bolder and more creative. And this creativity should allow us to accelerate our advantage in
future quarters.

In addition to the agility our brands and marketing teams are building, we are seeing our Ops Center
act with agility, making progress in a very challenging environment. Similar to industry peers, our cost
pressures have accelerated since the start of the year. For us, the greatest uptick has been in select
ingredients like soybean and edible oils as well as packaging and logistics. And this is likely to result in
higher year-on-year supply chain costs for our business versus what we originally anticipated.

That being said, we continue to think our cost-benefit equation as manageable. All things considered,
our 2021 gross cost inflation should be in the middle single-digit range across our full cost basket. We
continue to expect to deliver $400 million of gross efficiencies in 2021. And we have a robust revenue
management initiatives around our iconic brands that is supported by a strong agenda of equity-building
investments.

With that, I will now ask Carlos and Rafa to provide the highlights of our U.S. and International segment
performance.

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Thank you, Miguel.

On Slide 10, you can see that the strong momentum we ended with last year in the U.S., and we have
continued the growth in Q1. In fact, we still drove strong top line and bottom line results despite lapping
the panic buying in Q1 last year as well as facing rising inflation this year.

Our strategy is taking hold. We're getting much closer to our consumers. We are strengthening our
brands. We are improving execution. And our people are motivated. If you recall, our U.S. 2021 plan
begins with modernizing our portfolio and our approach to marketing. And while we expect our activity to
ramp up as the year progresses, we have already had some good early signs of progress and impact.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Our innovation agenda is beginning to take hold as we uncover and act on new consumer insights. In
Taste Elevation, we leveraged our insights into trending restaurant flavors, launching Heinz Ket-Chili and
Buffa-Ranch to help consumers further embrace the fun of cooking at home.

In our Easy Indulgent Desserts platform, we leveraged the trends of our Philadelphia brands and
consumers' love for cheesecake, launching Cheesecake Crumbles. This launch is helping us gain new space
in the refrigerated section with a unique and differentiated innovation. To launch such a unique product,
we partnered with Jimmy Kimmel Live! to create TV skits that directly reflect our consumer insight, no
one wants to share the last bite of food, especially when it's a cheesecake. As a result, we are driving
incremental consumers to the category with millennials and families engaging most strongly. And in
March, we gained 3.5 points of market share.

Finally, is Omelet Rounds, part of our Fast Fresh Meals platform that expands our leadership in breakfast.
We believe that the breakfast-at-home trend will continue even as markets reopen. And we believe we
have a big opportunity to lead in this space.

As Miguel described earlier, we are also driving greater creativity in marketing as we ramp up overall
investment levels and the quality of those investments, especially in our grow and energize platforms.
Our V by Velveeta April Fool's skincare launch went viral, was a continuation of a breakthrough brand
work starting in 2020, focused on capturing more share as demand for mac and cheese surges. By pulling
forward media spend, updating creative and increasing personalized communication, Velveeta mac and
cheese sales increased 30% in Q1, largely taking share from store brands.

With Heinz, we're leading into the brand's purpose, demonstrating Heinz can help unlock moments of
magic for modern day families in the midst of chaos. We think this insight is behind the tremendous new
household growth that Heinz brand has seen in the past year.

We've also been able to achieve strong sales and share growth for Lunchables, following declines from
the pandemic-related school closures, really thanks to focused programs like our Leave it to Lunchables
rewards and a new $1 pack.

Finally, for our $3 billion iconic Oscar Mayer brand, this week, we launched a fresh, vibrant, digital-first
campaign aiming to cement our leadership in quality, fun and taste. The campaign distances Oscar Mayer
from competition. It came from listening to our most passionate consumers and imagining a new voice for
Oscar Mayer that will be consistent, package design to communications.

I am incredibly proud of our team's accomplishments to date. And it's just the beginning of what you can
expect to see from Kraft Heinz as we discover new occasion-based insights and bring creative, culturally
relevant ways to drive stronger engagement with our consumers and customers.

And because of our actions to date, our momentum with consumer has remained strong. In Q1, we held
our household penetration versus last year when we saw unprecedented panic buying. And we're still 5%
ahead of 2019 levels.

I would also note that we chose to shift our promotional calendar in the U.S. this year. We significantly
reduced promotional activity in January and February versus last year as a critical part of us moving to
higher return investments and driving a virtuous cycle of growth. The good news is that despite the Q1
promotion reductions, we continue to make steady progress transforming our business with 50% of our
U.S. business gaining share in March.

Our partner program is key to unlocking the step-up in net sales versus prepandemic level that we
believe is possible. In Q1, we executed joint business plans, or JBPs, with more than 90% of our top retail
partners. As a result, we expect to increase distribution for mandatory SKUs and our innovation programs.
And it's driving much stronger merchandising execution.

The discipline of execution is something I learn from many years in the DSD environment, and we are
now bringing that level of accountability to our business. For instance, our Super Bowl activations were up
about 20% versus 2019, leading to strong share gains. And our breakfast activations are driving strong
increases for Philadelphia Cream Cheese and Oscar Mayer bacon.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Perhaps the best compliment that we can get is direct feedback from our customers. We are working hard
every day to show up differently, to partner in new ways and to execute flawlessly across channel, a very
positive change from a year ago.

I am particularly proud to see recent data showing that our e-commerce household penetration has
increased more than our packaged food competitors, and that we now have the highest penetration
amongst our peers. We continue to see very strong net sales growth and sustainable, fundamental
improvements in our e-commerce business. And we are not done. By piloting more agile route-to-markets
and operating seamlessly across channels, we are bringing full consumer solutions online and making
progress against our goal to be accessible and available to all families everywhere.

Finally, there is no question that our Q1 performance would not have been as strong if our entire
supply chain team didn't step up yet again in what's turning out to be a more difficult environment than
we originally anticipated. We achieved our Q1 results despite weather disruptions, ongoing capacity
constraints and escalating inflation.

Our ops and procurement teams did a phenomenal job managing through the U.S. winter storms that hit
Texas and other southern states. We focused our team on safety, setting up a war room to fix the situation
and quickly sourced alternative routes-to-market to keep shelves stocked. Yes, volumes were impacted
and higher costs were taken on. But by prioritizing customer service, we limited the overall disruption to
our business. It is a sign of the strong collaboration from sales to procurement to operations that results in
transparency with our partners and improved availability for our consumers.

At the same time, we have more work ahead. Our ops team continues to expand capacity in critical
categories. Since Q3 of last year, we have relieved capacity constrains in 20% of our sales base with more
projects underway. We are installing more capacity in critical Grow platforms, including Taste Elevation
and Easy Meals Made Better, to unlock greater volume for Heinz Ketchup, Kraft Mac & Cheese single-serve
cups, Kraft Mayo and others.

So we are investing in people, brands and capacity for long-term growth and seeing early wins in growing
our consumer platforms with better marketing innovation, strengthening the partnership with customers
and accelerating e-commerce. Altogether, this gives me confidence in our path forward.

With that, I'll hand it over to Rafa to discuss our International segment.

Rafael de Oliveira
Zone President of International

Thank you, Carlos.

Similar to the U.S., our International segment is off to a strong start through Q1. We are taking advantage
of our global scale with local agility to drive top line growth while delivering very strong adjusted EBITDA
growth returns.

On Slides 17 and 18, you can see the strong momentum we have out of the gate in 2021 in both our
priority platforms and priority markets, respectively.

Retail net sales of Taste Elevation in our International segment were up 19% in Q1 versus 2020 driven
by stepped-up marketing, distribution expansion and a promising start of our 2021 innovation agenda.
We gained more than a point of share for the third consecutive quarter with 92% of countries holding
or gaining share in Taste Elevation. Our results are beginning to prove out what to us was already clear
that a laser focus on being the global leader in Taste Elevation has the potential to be a powerful and
sustainable growth driver for Kraft Heinz.

Nowhere is this truer than in Emerging Markets, the other pillar of our International growth strategy.
Q1 organic net sales in Emerging Markets were up 16% versus last year with outsized growth in Latin
America, China, the Middle East and Russia. We delivered this growth as we have begun to ramp up
marketing investments while rolling out our go-to-market model. Market share growth continued as we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

picked up a half point of share in Q1 with 75% of emerging market countries holding or gaining share in
the period.

Outside of retail, we are also seeing a strong rebound in foodservice growth with many emerging market
countries now fully open. This is especially encouraging to our overall growth strategy as we believe there
is a positive halo effect on future retail sales associated with foodservice channel growth today. As we
see it, having more Heinz Ketchup or more Master Soy Sauce in restaurants will have positive spillover
benefits to our brand equities and our retail channel growth.

We are excited and encouraged by our early wins and we are looking forward to capturing more of the
enormous growth opportunities we have in our International business.

With that, let me pass it on to Paulo for more of our financial performance and our outlook.

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Rafa.

I will start on Slide 20 with a more detailed look at our U.S. financial performance. As Carlos said, we
had a strong start to 2021 in the U.S. versus both 2020 and 2019, a perspective we think will be more
relevant as we begin to lap the exceptionally strong COVID-19-related consumer demand in 2020.

We had balanced contributions from volume/mix and pricing that helped drive organic net sales growth
of 2.5% versus 2020, which included a negative 1.5 percentage point impact from the McCafé exit. And
at adjusted EBITDA, pricing net of key commodity costs, favorable product mix and volume growth more
than offset the inflation as well as significant investments in marketing and people. This led to 5.8%
adjusted EBITDA growth in Q1 2021 versus 2020 and 12.4% adjusted EBITDA growth versus 2019,
including a negative 1.5 percentage point impact from the McCafé exit both years.

In Canada, we also had a strong quarter with organic net sales up 2.5% versus Q1 2020 driven by
favorable trade expense timing versus the prior year and revenue management gains as well as favorable
changes in retail inventory levels. These gains more than offset foodservice declines and comparisons
against pandemic-driven pantry loading last year.

Constant currency adjusted EBITDA growth was also strong as compared to 2020 driven by pricing gains
and favorable operating costs compared to high prior year levels.

I will also note that the fluctuation in Canada profitability that you see on the slide is largely due to
the impact of the Canadian cheese divestiture, trade expense timing and higher transitory costs that
negatively impacted the Q1 2020 period. However, we do expect more normalized comparisons as we
move through the year.

Similar to the U.S. and Canada, our International segment has also performed very well this quarter. First
quarter organic net sales growth was 2.7% versus Q1 2020 driven by 2 factors. One was a combination of
inflation-driven pricing in emerging markets and revenue management gains in developed markets, which
drove overall pricing gains in the quarter. The second factor was strong emerging market growth and some
favorable retail inventory changes primary in developed markets that more than offset lower foodservice
sales.

In terms of profitability, pricing gains and favorable product mix drove constant currency adjusted EBITDA
growth of 10.2% versus Q1 2020, even as we step up our investment levels to support our strategic
growth agenda.

As for our overall company, as Miguel mentioned, we had a solid start to the year with retail consumption
remaining elevated in developed markets, accelerating growth in emerging markets and the broader
benefits of our strategy taking hold.

Organic net sales grew 2.5% in Q1 2021, reflecting the drivers I just outlined and came despite a 1.1
percentage point drag from exiting the McCafé licensing agreement. Organic net sales were also up 8.7%

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

versus 2019. At constant currency adjusted EBITDA, growth across all segments and lower year-on-year
general corporate expenses contributed to growth of 10.4% versus 2020.

Adjusted EPS was up 24.1% driven by adjusted EBITDA growth and a lower effective tax rate due to
favorable noncash discrete items in the current year period. Below adjusted EBITDA factors in Q1 were,
therefore, net favorable by roughly $0.03. And for the full year, excluding any potential changes in the
U.S. tax code, we now expect that below adjusted EBITDA items will be neutral on a net basis versus
2020. This view reflects a full year effective tax rate between 20% and 22% and lower interest expenses
versus 2020 levels roughly offset by unfavorable impacts from noncash other income and expense and
stock-based compensation costs.

Finally, our first quarter free cash flow generation was up more than $500 million versus Q1 2020 driven
by favorable working capital and adjusted EBITDA growth that more than offset higher CapEx investments.

To echo Miguel, Carlos and Rafa, we are having a solid start to the year, and we are seeing some early
wins across our consumer platforms, Ops Center and partner programs that can accelerate our advantages
as the year progresses.

As you can see on Slide 24, we are continuing to fuel our growth by investing to strengthen our portfolio
and building financial flexibility. Q1 CapEx increased to $227 million as we dedicated a majority of our
spend to our priorities, namely capacity, replacement and technology projects designed to relieve current
supply chain stress and support future growth.

From a leverage perspective, we reduced our debt load by tendering roughly $1 billion in obligations in the
first quarter.

And finally, we are making good progress against our 2 previously announced divestitures. We remain
on track to close the Nuts divestiture during the second quarter, and we currently expect the Cheese
divestiture to close in the second half of 2021, providing a bit more time to complete all closing conditions
and regulatory approvals.

Regarding the path forward, for the second quarter, we expect solid gains versus prepandemic levels.
However, relative to what we saw in Q1, we are anticipating more cost inflation relative to price and a
change in channel mix as developed economies progress towards reopening. As a result, we currently
expect Q2 organic net sales and constant currency adjusted EBITDA to be up mid-single digits versus
Q2 2019. And this includes the impact of the Canada Cheese divestiture, the McCafé business exit and
normalizing incentive compensation versus the 2019 period.

Versus elevated 2020 levels, our outlook represents an organic net sales decline in the low-single-digit
range and a mid-single-digit decline in constant currency adjusted EBITDA. For full year 2021, given the
environment that we are operating in, we think it's too early to change our full year outlook. That said,
we are very pleased with the strong start we are having to the year, and we continue to expect financial
results ahead of our strategic plan.

With that, let me hand it back to Miguel for some closing comments.

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Paulo, thank you.

I would like to finish by reiterating our confidence in the foundation we have now built and our excitement
for the future. We are having a solid start to 2021, building on our very strong results in 2020. We are
driving both top line and bottom line growth. Our 2021 plans are already delivering some powerful early
wins, which we can build on as the year progresses. And the strong liquidity we built last year and the
actions we are taking to improve our business through agile portfolio management should continue to fuel
our growth going forward.
Thank you for your time and interest in Kraft Heinz.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

