Tyler Technologies, Inc. NYSE:TYL
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 05, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.33

1.50

Revenue  (mm)

284.08

285.75

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-05-2020 12:09 PM GMT

12.78

0.59

1.46

5.49

5.84

301.18

1134.07

1230.77

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.43

1.25

1.20

1.33

1.43

1.25

1.38

1.50

0.00 %

0.00 %

15.00 %

12.78 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian K. Miller
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

ANALYSTS

Brent Alan Bracelin
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Charles S. Strauzer
CJS Securities, Inc.

Jonathan Frank Ho
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Joseph P. Goodwin
JMP Securities LLC, Research
Division

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Matthew David VanVliet
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Peter James Heckmann
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research
Division

Robert Cooney Oliver
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Scott Alan Wilson
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Scott Randolph Berg
Needham & Company, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Hello, and welcome to today's Tyler Technologies Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Your host for today's
call is Lynn Moore, President and CEO of Tyler Technologies. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this
conference is being recorded as of today, November 5, 2020.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Moore. Please go ahead, sir.

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Eric, and welcome to our third quarter 2020 earnings call. With me on the call today is Brian
Miller, our Chief Financial Officer.

First, I'd like for Brian to give a safe harbor statement. Next, I'll have some preliminary comments, and
Brian will review the details of our third quarter results. Then I'll have some additional comments, and
we'll take questions. Brian?

Brian K. Miller
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thanks, Lynn. During the course of this conference call, management may make statements that provide
information other than historical information and may include projections concerning the company's future
prospects, revenues, expenses and profits.

Such statements are considered forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provision of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, which could
cause the actual results to differ materially from these projections.

We'd refer you to our Form K and other SEC filings for more information on those risks. Please note that
all growth comparisons we make on the call today will relate to the corresponding period of last year
unless we specify otherwise. Lynn?

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Brian. We were pleased with our third quarter results as we continue to execute at a high level,
particularly in light of the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. After we experienced our first
year-over-year decline in quarterly revenues in almost a decade, we returned to revenue growth this
quarter, driven by strength in recurring revenues.

We have not experienced any meaningful cancellations but longer sales cycles and delays in projects
as clients deal with the effects of the pandemic, along with the near elimination of billable travel, led
to declines in software license, professional services and appraisal service revenues. However, GAAP
subscription revenues grew a robust 18.6% and non-GAAP subscription revenues grew 18%.

We continue to experience significant savings in operating expenses in the third quarter, in part driven by
the successful deployment of more efficient service delivery and operating models.

As a result, our operating margins expanded significantly with our non-GAAP operating margin up 300
basis points to 28.6%. And our adjusted EBITDA was a new quarterly record at $89 million.

Cash flow has also been very robust throughout the year, and both cash from operations and free cash
flow reached new quarterly highs in the third quarter.

It was also a strong quarter for bookings, which rose almost 13%. While the number of new deals was
down, the average deal size and total new contract value both were up compared to last year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

It was a strong quarter for new business for our justice solutions as we closed some large contracts after
extended sales processes. Our largest deal in the quarter was a license arrangement with the Washington
State Courts of Limited Jurisdiction, valued at approximately $15 million for our Odyssey Court Case
Management and CaseloadPRO probation solutions, including e-filing.

We also signed significant justice solutions contract with Dallas County, Texas, including a license
arrangement for our Odyssey solution for criminal and justice of the peace courts valued at approximately
$8 million and a SaaS arrangement for our Jury Management solution valued at approximately $1.6
million.

Also, for our Odyssey solution, we signed a license arrangement with Saginaw County, Michigan, and
notable SaaS deal with the city of Akron, Ohio and Texas counties, Guadalupe, Leon, Gillespie and
Erath. We also signed the first state-level contract for our Tyler Supervision product, formerly known as
CaseloadPRO, with the State of Nevada. Our Public Safety division continues to expand its market with the
year-to-date average deal size up 92% over last year.

This expansion reflects our increasing competitiveness upmarket as well as an increase in the breadth
of products in many deals. Our Public Safety division had never signed 2 contracts with licenses greater
than $1 million each in the same quarter until this quarter. When we signed large contracts with Sedgwick
County, Kansas and the City of Laredo, Texas.

We also signed a multi-suite contract with Ellis County, Kansas for our New World Public Safety, Odyssey
Courts, Socrata Data & Insights and Brazos Solutions and contracts with the City of Brownsville, Texas and
Des Moines, Iowa for our Public Safety and Socrata Data & Insight solutions.

Our largest SaaS deal in the quarter was a $6 million contract with the City of Tigard, Oregon in the --
excuse me, in the Portland metropolitan area for our Munis ERP and EnerGov civic services solutions. We
also signed notable SaaS deals for our Munis ERP solution with the city of Fairfield, California; Champaign
County, Illinois; the Virginia Railway Express; the City of Thomasville, Georgia, and a license arrangement
with the City of Christianburg, Virginia.

Other significant SaaS deals for our EnerGov civic services solution were in the cities of Palm Beach
Gardens, Florida and Yonkers, New York.

Finally, it was also a strong quarter for new business in our federal space with several new contracts, most
notably with the D.C. Department of Consumer and Regulatory Affairs, The CounterTrade Products and
the Fish and Wildlife Service, both departments within the Department of Justice and the Department of
Health and Human Services.

As we reported in a Form 8-K filed on September 29, we discovered early on September 23 that an
unauthorized third-party intruder had disrupted access to some of our internal phone and IT systems.

As soon as we discovered this, we shut down points of access to external systems out of an abundance
of caution. We immediately activated our internal incident response plan which included taking impacted
systems off-line to further contain the spread.

We confirm that the malicious software the intruder used was ransomware. We are following strict
protocols laid out by industry standard incident response directives. Because of this, we are being careful
not to share certain details around the incident until the investigation is finished.

However, there is some information I can share with you today. From the morning of September 23,
our incident response efforts have been facilitated by Tyler's internal resources as well as third-party
providers. Those third-party providers include FireEye Mandiant, a nationally recognized incident response
provider.

We also have been actively cooperating with law enforcement. Our initial analysis has continued to prove
correct. The impact of the incident was directed at our internal corporate network and phone systems.
There has been no evidence of compromise in the separate and segregate environments where we host
software for our clients.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

And to date, there has been no evidence of malicious activity on client self-hosted systems related to this
incident.

From day 1, we have been regularly communicating with our client community and have actively
maintained an incident response page on our website. We encourage you to check for updates there as
well. In addition to the containment, recovery and remediation efforts we have undertaken, Tyler has also
taken steps to supplement the existing multilayered security monitoring, scanning and antivirus protocols
already in place.

We are committed to completing our full forensics investigation and taking all appropriate actions in
response to our findings. The security incident did impact our ability to deliver licenses and services during
late September and into October. We currently estimate the impact to revenue was approximately $1.5
million in the third quarter and $2.5 million in the fourth quarter.

We maintained cybersecurity insurance coverage in amount that we believe is adequate. I want to
reiterate that what I have just shared with you represents the information we can share at this point,
given where we're at in the stage of our investigation and the recovery process.

We will not be addressing the incident further on today's call, and we will not take questions on the
incident itself for our investigation.

I would, however, like to express my gratitude to all Tyler employees who once again displayed the heart
of Tyler in their response and handling of the security incident, especially our internal IT teams that
worked around the clock with an aggressive and coordinated response to recover and remediate our
internal systems.

As with our response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Tyler demonstrated the resiliency that comes from
strong and well-designed business processes and corporate governance practices.

Now I'd like Brian to provide more detail on the results for the quarter.

Brian K. Miller
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thanks, Lynn. Yesterday, Tyler Technologies reported its results for the third quarter ended September
30, 2020. In our earnings release, we have included non-GAAP measures that we believe facilitate
understanding of our results and comparisons with peers in the software industry.

A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is provided in our earnings release. We've also posted on
the Investor Relations section of our website under the Financial Reports tab schedules with supplemental
information provided on this call, including information about quarterly bookings, backlog, recurring
revenues.

Although our revenues continued to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, we were pleased to return to
positive revenue growth this quarter. GAAP revenues for the quarter were $285.7 million, up 3.8%. On a
non-GAAP basis, revenues were $285.9 million, up 3.2%.

Organic revenue growth was 3.3% on a GAAP basis and 2.7% on a non-GAAP basis. Our core software
license and subscription revenues grew -- combined grew 8.1% on a non-GAAP basis with 7.8% organic
growth.

Subscription revenues for the quarter increased 18.6%. We added 114 new subscription-based
arrangements and converted a quarterly high of 46 existing on-premises clients, representing
approximately $56 million in total contract value.

In Q3 of last year, we added 150 new subscription-based arrangements and had 20 on-premises
conversions, representing approximately $47 million in total contract value.

Subscription contract value comprised approximately 47% of total new software contract value signed this
quarter compared to 51% in Q3 of last year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

The value weighted average term of new SaaS contracts this quarter was 4.3 years compared to 2.7 years
in Q3 of last year.

Revenues from e-filing and online payments, which are included in subscriptions, were $23.2 million, up
9%. That amount includes e-filing revenues of $15.1 million, up 2.5% over last year and e-payments
revenues of $8.1 million, up 23.6%.

Transaction-based revenues were negatively impacted by reduced operations at some clients as a result of
the pandemic.

For the third quarter, our annualized non-GAAP total recurring revenue, or ARR, was approximately $830
million, up 11%. Non-GAAP ARR for SaaS arrangements for Q3 was approximately $265 million, up
21.6%.

Transaction-based ARR was approximately $93 million, up 9%, and non-GAAP maintenance ARR was
approximately $472 million, up 6.2%.

Our backlog at the end of the quarter reached a new high of $1.55 billion, up 9.2%.

As Lynn noted, our bookings in the quarter were strong at $292 million, up 12.9%. For the trailing 12
months, bookings were approximately $1.3 billion, up 5.4% against a tough comparison that includes the
2 large North Carolina courts deals totaling approximately $105 million in the prior trailing 12 months.

Our software subscription bookings in the third quarter added $9.9 million in new annual recurring
revenue.

Cash flow from operations increased 30.5% to $169.8 million, and free cash flow grew 34.8% to $165.4
million, both new quarterly highs.

In fact, year-to-date, our free cash flow has already surpassed our best full year free cash flow by
more than 9%. We ended the quarter with approximately $650 million in cash and investments and no
outstanding debt.

Our guidance for the full year of 2020 is as follows: we expect 2020 GAAP revenues will be between
$1.117 billion and $1.129 billion, and non-GAAP revenues will be between $1.118 billion and $1.130
billion.

We expect 2020 GAAP diluted EPS will be between $4.53 and $4.63 and may vary significantly due to the
impact of stock incentive awards on the GAAP effective tax rate.

We expect 2020 non-GAAP diluted EPS will be between $5.48 and $5.58.

For the year, estimated pretax noncash share-based compensation expense is expected to be
approximately $77 million. We expect R&D expense for the year will be between $88 million and $90
million. Fully diluted shares for the year are expected to be between 41.5 million and 42 million shares.

GAAP earnings per share assumes an estimated annual effective tax rate of negative 12% after discrete
tax items, and includes approximately $65 million of estimated discrete tax benefits related to share-
based compensation, which may vary significantly based on the timing and volume of stock option
exercises.

Our estimated non-GAAP effective annual effective tax rate for 2020 is 24%. We expect our total capital
expenditures will be between $30 million and $31 million for the year, including approximately $10 million
related to real estate and approximately $6 million of capitalized software development costs.

Total depreciation and amortization is expected to be approximately $81 million, including approximately
$54 million of amortization of acquired intangibles.

Now I'd like to turn the call back to Lynn for some additional comments.

H. Lynn Moore

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Brian. With the challenges our clients face as a result of the spread of COVID-19, our clients' need
for digital connectedness, both within their organizations and directly with the public, is rapidly shifting
from a vision to an urgent requirement.

We're gratified by the accolades Tyler is receiving for our innovations to help our clients address the
challenges of the current environment. During the third quarter, our Virtual Court solution, which has been
selected by approximately 60 courts nationwide received the AWS Best Remote Work Solution award in
conjunction with its use in the City of Alvin, Texas.

We also won the coolest overall Technology Innovation Award from School technology news for our new
bus attendance application, which works with Tyler's bus routing solutions to provide schools a tool for
limiting bus capacity, contact tracing and social distancing on the school bus.

On the product development front, we are continuing all of our strategic initiatives, including product R&D
projects and accelerating our move to the cloud and still expect that R&D expense will grow at more than
9% for the year.

While some of our competitors are laying off staff, we continue to add new employees to support long-
term growth opportunities, and we added 27 net new heads during the third quarter, mostly in product
development.

We also continue to adapt our operations, providing client support and delivering professional services
such as training remotely and executing complex go-lives virtually, improving utilization and eliminating
most travel costs.

Many administrative and sales and marketing activities, including sales demos, trade shows and user
group meetings are also being conducted virtually with reductions in associated expenses. We continue
to explore the possibility of greater numbers of employees working remotely, even after our offices fully
reopen.

Lower expenses have more than offset revenue reductions relative to our pre-COVID plan, resulting in
margin expansion. Some of these expense reductions, such as sales commissions and health claims are
short term in nature, but we do expect that some savings will be sustainable.

As a result, we expect to continue to see year-over-year margin expansion in the fourth quarter. We
expect that revenue growth for the fourth quarter will continue to be significantly impacted by the
pandemic and to a much lesser extent, the IT security incident.

Although our variable revenue streams will continue to be affected by the current environment, we
anticipate that recurring revenues, which comprise more than 70% of our total revenues will continue to
be relatively unaffected.

While we remain confident in our long-term outlook, there are uncertainties around the continuously
evolving COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our operations and those of our clients.

For example, government response to the pandemic continue to vary significantly from state to state and
even from jurisdiction to jurisdiction within a state, thereby making the duration and scope of business
restrictions within the public sector difficult to predict.

Many public sector entities are facing near-term budget pressures that could cause them to delay
spending in the coming year. The COVID-19 pandemic has not changed our view of the underlying
fundamentals and long-term demand for our software.

If anything, the current crisis is highlighting the unsustainable reliance on outdated technology by much
of the public sector. Technology is an increasingly critical factor in helping government function effectively,
especially in difficult times.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

While it is too soon to fully assess the impact of the elections, we expect that additional federal stimulus
will be forthcoming to provide further economic aid to state and local governments.

We are confident that new long-term opportunities will emerge from this crisis as both Tyler and our
clients reexamine historical business practices. And that Tyler is better positioned than our competitors to
provide innovative solutions to help our clients meet new challenges.

Our balance sheet is stronger than ever with $650 million in cash and investments and no debt. We plan
to continue to invest at a high level in R&D and actively pursue M&A opportunities to broaden our total
addressable market and build on our strong competitive position.

I continue to be extremely proud and inspired by how the entire Tyler team has risen to face the
challenges of this year head on, supporting our clients as well as each other.

We are confident in the fundamental strengths of the public sector market and our ability to grow and
invest in strategic initiatives in a difficult environment, and we look forward to executing our long-term
strategies until conditions allow us to return to a higher growth market.
Now we'll take questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And your first question today will come from Peter Heckmann with D.A. Davidson.

Peter James Heckmann
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

As regards additional federal government stimulus, there were some -- there was a bill floated earlier in
the year, just focused on technology modernization. Can you talk about the different types of programs
that it might be pending and where you expect both broad stimulus funds to help municipal budgets, but
as well any directed programs that you're watching that you think could be relatively near term.

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Yes, sure, Pete. And you're right. I think generally speaking, there's an expectation that there's going to
be another round of stimulus. I think both political parties agree on that. I think for certain that the last
month or so, maybe 2 months, it's become a little bit more of a politicized issue that I think will get behind
us now that the election is behind us.

In fact, I read an article this morning where Mitch McConnell in the Senate said that getting a stimulus
passed by the end of the year was his new top priority as well as -- and he made a comment specifically
as well as state and local government stimulus.

So I think that's coming. I think that's the expectation. It's hard to know exactly where things are going to
shake out, but I do think it will become a priority following this election, once things settle out a little bit
more.

I think I talked about last time at the last call that prior Fed Chairman Bernanke, he made a comment
coming out of Great Recession that one of the things that they I think sort of missed the boat on was they
did not devote enough money to state and local governments when they were doing their stimulus then.

I think that's a significant priority. We've also talked about the Fed has specific bond buying programs for
counties and cities, and I think that's going to continue.

So the expectation is there. I think the expectations of our clients, I think there's -- that's part of the
hesitancies going on right now, but I see that coming on the horizon.

Brian K. Miller
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

And I'd add one other thing. I think what you were alluding to there is there does seem to be bipartisan
efforts to provide more funding specifically for state and local government IT upgrades.

There was an act, the State and Local IT Modernization and Cybersecurity Act that was proposed back in
August. And that act would provide $28 billion over the next 5 years, specifically to upgrade government
IT systems.

So the upgrading of systems is certainly something that federal government recognizes is important.

Peter James Heckmann
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Got it. Got it. That's helpful. And then just in terms of where budgets are right now, typically, the
fourth quarter is strong for Public Safety. Public Safety seems to have a fair amount of momentum and
encouraging to hear bigger solution sets and bigger deal sizes in Public Safety. But do you think based on
where we are, you're on track with Public Safety bookings for the fourth quarter? Or are you -- I guess,
what's your level of comfort that you'll hit your targets there on the Public Safety side?
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Pete, I think that's a good question. And the short answer is yes. And what we've seen generally is
we've seen a little bit of difference in terms of different market segments, but Public Safety, the demand is
still there. We expect some significant deals to still come through in the fourth quarter.

I think one of the things that's encouraging about Public Safety is as we continue to invest and we've
added more portfolio of products to their bag is that historically, the fourth quarter was one that was, I
think, a little more skewed towards their license deals, and it still is.

But as that business grows and as it gains traction, we're starting to sort of level that out a bit. We've
had -- as we noted, we had, for the first time ever, 2 license deals over $1 million in Q3, which is pretty
incredible.

In fact, now I think it's now 3 of the last 4 quarters, we've had license deals in excess of $1.5 million.
So the momentum is there in Public Safety. It's funny. I think 10 days from now will be our 5-year
anniversary of acquiring that. And I think it's a testament to the work that those people have put in and
the investments we've put in.

And We talk about how it takes a little bit of time with some of these investments, these acquisitions and
they're really starting to hit their stride. They're doing a great job.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matt VanVliet of BTIG.

Matthew David VanVliet
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

I guess on the front of the services disruption from the ransomware attack, maybe not a question
directly from that. But as how it impacted you during the quarter? You talked about inability or I guess, a
disruption in delivering some of your projects.

Was that a reallocation of resources? Or were you forced to kind of dig a little deeper with some of those
customers and assess sort of what happened and sort of give them some additional information to make
sure that they were comfortable moving forward?

And then on the same front, sort of how that might have impacted overall pipeline processes going on?

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So -- and you -- I don't want to go into too much more detail. But the short answer is, as we talked
about -- the incident was really all about our internal systems. It was about our phone systems, our
website and things of that nature.

However, out of abundance of caution, what we -- as I mentioned in my comments, what we did was we
immediately shut down all external points of entry. So that disrupted things like being able to conduct --
we do a lot of services. Support was disrupted. We weren't able to send e-mails with attachments for a
while.

And really that, again, that was just out of abundance of caution. So it was really short term.

To your second question, as it relates to pipeline, it has not had any impact really on our pipeline. There
was obviously a little short-term disruption, but we haven't seen anything meaningful in terms of future
impact of sales or anything like that.

Matthew David VanVliet
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

And then looking at your overall sort of K-12 school customer base and potential customers out there, how
much of a disruption to their overall typical operational processes, the limited, maybe in-person schooling
or definite hybrid situations out there are either changing that narrative or accelerating some of those
deals that they now feel like they need to have more technology in place, more ability to work remotely
and have more digital services in place?

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So I'd say 2 things. As it relates to schools, in particular, I'd say that's one area right now where
budget impacts is sort of constraining, some deals were moving forward. It's pushing some things out.

At the same time, you're right. It's absolutely highlighting -- and this goes beyond schools, it's highlighting
the need for technology. I think when I look at the business overall on the public sector, I think the shift
that we're starting to see that -- part of it is due to COVID, but it's new, more online, mobile, public access
things that are interaction with the parents with the schools, but even more just citizens engaging with
their communities.

That's something that's going to continue. And I think that was the future anyway, but I think COVID has
really sort of accelerated that.

So -- and I think what's encouraging about that to me, Matt, is that Tyler really is on the forefront of this.

We're the best positioned for this. This brings in our whole Connected Communities vision and things that
we're already doing. And so it really puts us in a great position when things -- when we sort of get on the
other side of this.

Operator

Our next question comes from Charlie Strauzer of CJS Securities.

Charles S. Strauzer
CJS Securities, Inc.

Can you talk a little bit maybe just give kind of a quick early view of next year? I know usually you give
more detailed guidance on the next call. But just given that you saw a return to growth in Q3, maybe just
some early thoughts on next year.

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Sure, Charlie. And I guess I'd start off by saying, and we talked about on the last call is, we don't
see any real meaningful change in our pipeline. We know the demand for our services don't go away. We
remember how we started the year in the first quarter before it hit.

We were out to a really great start. And so we sort of expect that to continue. At the same time, we also
talked about -- we're in the middle of these June 30, July 1 budget cycles right now. So my expectation is
that there will be some hangover, still be some delays in some deals, still some clients that are reluctant to
open up and do some remote delivery of services.

We're still waiting to see courts opening back up. So some of our transaction volumes kick up. I'd say
stepping back on a high side, just sort of generally, you're right. We are in the budget process right now.
It is a little bit early. I'd say on the revenue side, I would expect revenue growth to be higher than what
it's been in 2020, but probably not a full return to sort of our pre-COVID expectations of high single digits,
9%, 10%, 11% growth.

But I do expect it to be better than this year. But that's kind of where we are on the revenue side.

Charles S. Strauzer
CJS Securities, Inc.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

That's very helpful. And secondly, just you're generating a ton of cash, really just -- want to just get a
better sense of now that you've got so much cash on the balance sheet, any change in priorities for the
use of the cash? Is M&A something that's more of a priority? And are you seeing any pipeline activity in
the M&A front?

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Sure, Charlie. And yes, we're always -- we've talked before, we're always looking at deals, and that's
continued. That has not slowed down during COVID.

In fact, one of the things that we've done over the last 6 months. You probably remember us talking about
over the last couple of years is our white space initiative. We've actually taken the time, dived a little
deeper, refined that and really making that forefront.

We're going to continue to be opportunistic on those deals. But we're out there, we're looking. I would like
to see us do some deals, and so we're out there looking.

Operator

Our next question comes from Rob Oliver with Baird.

Robert Cooney Oliver
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Lynn, one for you and then I had a follow-up for Brian. Lynn, I think it was around this time last year that
you guys started to see that cross-sell traction in New World Public Safety into some of your existing Tyler
accounts.

I think it started on your home turf in Texas. And I'm curious, you mentioned that the federation are
starting to take hold. Curious this quarter with that strength that you saw in public safety, it's getting a bit
more linear and less back-end loaded.

Are you seeing that trend continue where you're seeing pull-through from Tyler customers that are also
committing on the public safety side as well and how that's progressing?

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

We are. We've gotten -- as you mentioned, we -- I think some of the initial traction was in Texas. We're
seeing some good things on the West Coast in California. I think what's particularly encouraging is this
continued move upmarket, which is also part of the fact that we're the Tyler Alliance story, the total Tyler
story is really starting to resonate.

The largest deal they did this quarter was Sedgwick County, Kansas. That was about a $1.6 million license
deal. And that was a full suite of CAD, enterprise records, but also pulling through things SoftCode, our
field reporting, Tyler Corrections, Brazos, Socrata, Mobility, all these things.

And that's part of that strategy as well. And I think the key selling point there was really the whole Tyler
Alliance story. And that's what -- that's the feedback we've gotten from the field and the client. And that's
what's also encouraging because as we know, there isn't anybody else out there that can compete on that
level. And in fact, the competitor we had in that was Motorola.

So it's particularly gratifying to see these strategies start to play out and start to win these bigger deals,
which include going upmarket as you -- but also as you say, leveraging other Tyler relationships, other
Tyler products to get these deals.

Robert Cooney Oliver
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Great. Lynn, appreciate that. And then, Brian, just for you, you guys are executing really well on the
margin front -- with the strong margin growth year-over-year. And just curious, I know some of those
benefits likely come from COVID, but if we could just get some color on how that breakdown might be to
think about what was a COVID benefit and what might be something that's more sustainable in terms of
margin benefit?

Brian K. Miller
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. And as we work through our planning for next year, we'll have a better idea of how those -- how
much of it is actually sustainable. Coming into the year, pre-COVID we had had a goal kind of holding
margins flat with last year after a couple of down years as a result of our significant increases in R&D.

We've continued to spend R&D pretty close to what we expected for the year, but we're now up -- this
quarter, up 300 basis points.

I don't expect that the margin growth will be as high in Q4 or that we'll see 300 basis points next year.
But we do expect that we'll be back on a margin expansion opportunity in that a significant part of the
gains, although they've come about because of COVID, we've been able to change business practices,
particularly remote delivery of services, changing the way we approach some things like trade shows,
eliminating a lot of administrative travel that I think will be permanent gains.

So if you look at the 300 basis points we picked up this quarter, maybe as much as half of that would be a
sustainable kind of a gain.

Operator

Your next question comes from Jonathan Ho with William Blair & Company.

Jonathan Frank Ho
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Just wanted to just start out with maybe getting a little bit more clarity around sort of the reduction in the
full year revenue guidance. Was this mainly due to I guess the issue faced? Just wanted to get maybe just
the main factors behind that.

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Sure. Yes, if you look at the change in our full year revenue guidance, I believe the midpoint of our
guidance came down by about $11 million compared to where that was when we reinitiated guidance
after Q2. About $4 million of that is what we talked about earlier on the call related to the IT security
incident where we lost primarily services revenues, some license revenues as a result of a lack of ability to
interface with clients while our systems were compromised.

There's about $1 million related to lower e-filing volumes as courts have not reopened as fast as we
anticipated at the end of Q2. A lot of e-filing volume is around evictions and debt collections. And as you
know, there's -- the CDC has now put in place a broader moratorium on evictions and so those volumes
are lower than we expected.

And then there's about roughly $8 million of an effect on licenses, which are primarily sales delays,
processes being pushed out, and that's a combination really of COVID and its impact on our clients' ability
to work remotely, and budget breakers as well.

So those are -- and then lastly, licenses are also being affected by a greater shift towards SaaS in our
pipeline than even we anticipated at the end of the second quarter for the reasons we talked about -- Lynn
talked about earlier on the call.

Jonathan Frank Ho
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Got it. And just to build on that, with budget pressure on state and local governments, are you starting
to see, I guess, a greater desirability towards moving to cloud and SaaS solutions and particularly for the
cost savings side, is that starting to accelerate?

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Jonathan, I think that's a good observation. And I think going in -- pre-COVID, we were already
starting to see this shift in the market. And I think that was going to continue on its own anyway.

I think secondly, as we've talked about over the last year plus or 2 years, Tyler has shifted its approach
from more of a cloud agnostic to more cloud preferred or cloud first.

We're doing things with how we -- how we do our sales and how we inform clients. And so I think that's
been part of it. But absolutely, COVID has played a role there. And we're seeing that really across all
of our divisions. I mean we're seeing it our Munis ERP, it's -- they're all coming in right now at rates,
subscription rates that were higher than their original 2020 plan.

And so that's definitely occurring. And again, the good news is that we've been preparing for and ready for
it, and we've been investing towards there.

So it's a short-term headwind, continues to be, but that trend is going to continue, I believe.

Operator

Your next question comes from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research.

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

You come back to the transaction costs and some of the delays you're seeing in evictions and recovery
of debt. This perhaps created a pent-up demand as we look into next year, assuming that some of these
restrictions let up and the courts kind of open up, are we perhaps looking to have an opportunity for
significant revenue growth from that area next year?

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Keith, that's a good observation. I think that's right. And that's certainly our expectation. I mean even
though courts have been starting to reopen some, as Brian mentioned, there has been this moratorium
and really about almost 2/3 of court filings are either debt related or landlord-tenant eviction type thing.

So our expectation is that, that will go up. Even when you look at sort of on the more municipal side or
traffic side, you don't have a lot of citations out there. You don't have a lot of people paying court fines
and things like that on the -- on the municipal side.

But we would expect that those will return to normal. But in terms of the backlog on the civil side, yes, I
think that's our current expectation.

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Great. And Brian, just a follow-up for you. Gross margins came in probably the best I remember them
being. Maybe more just a geography question more than anything else. But is that more due to lower
travel costs? Or was there other items going in gross margins that perhaps are sustainable going forward?

Brian K. Miller
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Well, a big piece of that, both at the gross and operating margin is the absence of billable travel, which
has essentially no margin on it.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

And so that continues to -- that loss of that revenue continues to be -- have a positive impact. That's
probably the biggest point.

The other thing is we are seeing as we move to the remote delivery of services, we actually gain utilization
and efficiency there because we're not putting people on airplanes every Monday and every Friday, and
we're able to use that time to deliver services.

And so that shift is having a positive impact as well. And that is something that we expect to be
sustainable, although certainly in the future, there will be some billable travel and some return to on-
site services. We believe that in the long term, we'll continue to deliver a significant amount of services
remotely as our experience over the last 2 or 3 quarters is proving that, that can be done very effectively
and clients are increasingly accepting of that model.

Operator

Your next question comes from Scott Berg with Needham & Company.

Scott Randolph Berg
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

I guess 2 questions. Let's start off with Lynn on the Public Safety side. You talked about how -- I think it's
3 of the last 4 quarters, you had $1 million-plus transactions. Obviously, your sales traction has been very
strong there with how you've been able to add some new innovation of the product and push it up market.

But as you look at those deals today versus maybe 3 or 4 years from now, is it simply just your ability to
take the same product and move it upmarket? Or has that product evolved at all? And you've had maybe
better success selling maybe either more or different modules within that suite that's relatively broad at
the end of the day?

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Scott, it's actually -- it's quite a number of factors. And I want to be clear, is through last 4 quarters,
we've had license deals in excess of $1.5 million, which is even better. And you're right, it's -- we've done
a lot over the last several years, both in terms of expanding our functionality. We're now responding to
more RFPs than we could before. We're more compliant than we were before. So we've made the product
much more robust. In addition, it's hard to underestimate really what we've done on the service side as
well, really shoring up client references.

As we've introduced these new products, CAD and e-records. The number of go-lives that have been
successful in getting those references, that's the stuff we don't spend a lot of time talking about.

But one of the biggest initiatives this year was our e-records which was going [indiscernible] same as the
CAD, they had, I think, 15 big go-lives scheduled for this year. And a number of those had pushed back a
little bit just because of COVID, but we're on track to get all those done.

We've had 11 of them successful, and that's the hard stuff, and it's that referenceability. But then when
you talk about, again, moving upmarket, it's all these tuck-in acquisitions and integrating them. It's these
things like SceneDoc, SoftCode, Brazos, Socrata. And what you don't ever know is in these big deals, you
never know exactly what's the tipping point.

But our -- what we can deliver the full suite of products is so much more competitive and then it's so
much more broader than what other people are offering that it just becomes very compelling.

Scott Randolph Berg
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

Yes. Got it. Quite helpful. And then from a follow-up perspective, and one of your other questions here
shortly, a few minutes ago, Lynn, you talked about how Public Safety transactions and what's usually a
seasonally stronger fourth quarter looked like you're generally on track.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

With the prior -- with the earlier comments about pipelines kind of slipping and some deals moving into
maybe the first half of '21, what are the product areas that are seeing the most delays there, if it's not
Public Safety?

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

So I would say the area where we're seeing probably more delays is really on the higher end of the ERP
space, more of our Munis line. It's interesting, the lower end is not seeing the same right now.

But then again, stepping back, it was that high-end ERP space that really got out of the gate fast in Q1,
and that's what's still so encouraging.

We've talked about how the demand didn't go away. What seems to be happening there as opposed
to say, in our justice solutions or even the lower end space is that some counties are -- there's that
uncertainty out there, but they just seem to be a little bit more willing to push it out a little bit further or,
I'd say, hang on another year.

I'd almost analogize it to you've got a car, an old car you've had since college, and you've got a couple
of kids and the spouse and the car starts to spend more time in the shop than on the road and you know
it's time to get that thing fixed, but [indiscernible] your kids who have [ braces ] coming up this year or
something happening on your job, you say I'm going to hang on 1 more year before I do it. And I think
we're seeing that there more so than, say, on the other sides of the business.

Operator

Your next question comes from Kirk Materne of Evercore.

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Yes. And congrats on a good quarter and a tough environment. Lynn, maybe I was curious about just sort
of your philosophy these days on using pricing maybe more as a weapon, given that you're much bigger
today than you were back in the economic recession 10 years ago.

And just whether or not that resonates with clients or not, meaning are there things you all can do from
an upfront pricing perspective that can help you maybe take share in this period of uncertainty?

And I guess, how do you balance that? Because I would think you're now at a point where as customers
are looking to consolidate vendors, if you can help them maybe get over the hump today and hopefully,
their budgeting problems resolve themselves in the next 12, 18 months that can make some sense in
terms of taking more market share.

But just kind of -- could you just give me an idea of how you're kind of thinking about that, if at all?

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Yes, sure, Kirk. I think we're doing a little bit of that, and we're doing a little bit of that with some of these
products that we're really planning to try to introduce this year or that we really were expecting to sort
of jump-start this year. And I'm not talking about our major core apps, but some of our smaller products
around that. Be it we talked before about at Socrata Data & Insights, our product called Executive
Insights. We're doing things there like offering 1-year premier executive insight. We've talked about it with
virtual courts. We've done these free trial periods. We're doing things like that around our Tyler Detect,
which is our cybersecurity, our research, taxes, things like that. So we are seeing some of that right now.

In terms of gaining market share, I think the things that we're doing right now by keeping our
investments at the level and accelerating some of them being in that position to really capitalize knowing
that we went into this already and probably the strongest position in the market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

And the way I view it, really, Kirk, is that as we're dealing with the effects of this pandemic, and we know
it's going to end, and we know the demand is going to be there. But every quarter that goes by, Tyler
itself is getting stronger and stronger. Our balance sheet is getting stronger. We're investing we're -- every
quarter goes by, 1 other quarter down in our R&D and further along in our investments.

We don't believe our competitors are doing the same. And so I really like our position right now. And yes,
we're looking at things like that on some of these products we're trying to jump-start, but we're not really
doing that really across our core apps right now.

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess for you or maybe Brian, just you've mentioned M&A a couple of
times. Has the environment for doing deals gotten better perhaps over the last 6 months as smaller
vendors are obviously probably feeling more pressure from either balance sheet or growth -- revenue
growth perspective?

And obviously, valuations across software have been fairly robust over the last 6 months. So just kind
of curious, I know you're always looking, but have the -- I guess, has the bid-ask spread maybe start to
narrow a little bit on things that you find attractive maybe relative to 6 to 9 months ago?

Brian K. Miller
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

I'd say that in terms of the sort of number of deals we look at, it's probably kind of consistent with what
we were before. I haven't seen any really increased activity there. I think my expectation, if you go back
to the Q1 call, my expectation might have been -- you might have seen more on the valuation front.

I think some of them may have come down a little bit, but the broader markets is still doing pretty well.
I'm talking about the public markets. And sometimes people tend to point to that when they shouldn't.

But we haven't seen any meaningful expectations right now at valuation, probably about the same as
before.

Operator

Your next question comes from Brent Bracelin of Piper Sandler.

Brent Alan Bracelin
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I guess, Lynn, I wanted to go back to this concept of this digital wakening that we're clearly seeing across
other enterprises, other segments of the market.

On one hand, totally appreciate a greater level of uncertainty with state and local budgets. But on the
other hand, you do have kind of a new reality and a new digital reality. What are you seeing just from a
state, local and [ gativity ] metric?

You talked a little bit about seeing larger deals materialize because of maybe this digital shift. But is the
engagement activity picking up as well, too? I get there will be budget uncertainty, but is the -- is there
anything you can see that gives you more confidence that, that shift to digital could also accelerate in that
government vertical?

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I think that's right. I mean I do believe the shift to how government is going to operate, how they're
going to deliver services on their citizens, I believe that was going to change pre-COVID, and I think it's
going to change and accelerate past that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

And one of the things I talk about is you look at your gift and you look at how they think about technology
and how they use technology, well, they're going to grow up. They're the citizens of the future and the
citizens today, but they're the ones that are -- they're going to demand more. They're going to demand
that government works the way everything else in their lives work.

Earlier this week, I was -- I did an interview for the National League of Cities. We talked with Clarence
Anthony, the CEO there, and this is for their upcoming user conference. We spent a lot of time talking
about the cloud and the local government shift and move to the cloud.

And to me, it's something that's coming. It was coming anyway. I think COVID is accelerating that. And
you talk about budget constraints. I mean that's one of the factors about that. You've got -- as you move
to the cloud, you do create some budget certainty. You take away sort of some of the uncertainties of
these large capital spends. You talk about security in today's world. We spent a lot of time talking about
cybersecurity.

And the cloud is such a more secure environment and you're dealing with these players like AWS who
were aligned with, they've got all kinds of resources to spend on that infrastructure, and that's their
business.

And that's not really -- that's not really local government's business. And so -- and I think they're starting
to recognize that. And so I do think the shift is real, and I do think it's accelerating.

Brent Alan Bracelin
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Great. That's encouraging. And just 1 quick follow-up for Brian, if I could. We're seeing more talk of
statewide deals. And I don't think we kind of really saw that in the past. As you look at the pipeline, is
there a healthy amount of activity on more statewide deals? Just trying to understand that statewide deal
trend that you've seen in Kansas, Washington State, North Carolina.

I just love to hear the pipeline of activity around kind of statewide and what's driving that.

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I'd say it's a little bit of a mixed bag. State is certainly an area that today is probably less than 15%
of our revenue, somewhere between 10% and 15%, and I think it represents in the long term a big
growth opportunity for us as we expand -- move some of our products upmarket into the state and sell
some of our products that are used locally, sell them statewide.

And we've had some really good examples of that in the last couple of years, our school bus transportation
system Versatrans had a great statewide deal in the Carolinas, North Carolina adopting Brazos and our
new e-warrants solutions statewide where those have typically been purchased at the local level, and they
did that in conjunction with implementing our Odyssey Court System statewide. This quarter, we had a
significant win with our probation system with the state of Nevada. It's the first time we've had a state-
level contract for that product, and that's a product we acquired about a year ago.

So -- and obviously, with Odyssey, we've had a significant statewide presence where a lot of court
systems, maybe 40 of the 50 state court systems -- or court systems are operated at the state level, and
we've had great success there over the years. So I do expect we'll continue to build on that.

In our Federal division, the MicroPact business we acquired a little over a year ago, that I'd say right now,
probably the greatest pressure they're seeing is in their state market. But I think that's really a short-term
phenomenon, and that's really around budget pressures. But we do expect to grow our state business and
certainly our federal business as we expand beyond our traditional focus just on local government.

Operator

Our next question comes from Scott Wilson with RBC Capital Markets.

Scott Alan Wilson
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Maybe first for Lynn, to better understand kind of what's informing your expectation for better revenue
growth, but still kind of growth below your target 9%, 10%, 11% next year.

Can you comment on what you're seeing in your end market in terms of RFP activity? Are you starting to
see that come back? Or is it still below historical levels?

And has there been any change in the types of RFPs that are coming to market maybe in terms of size or
the products that are in demand in the current environment?

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So again, we're still early in our process. What we're seeing in RFP activity. Again, it's sort of mirrors
what we're seeing right now across Tyler. There are certain areas that we're not feeling the impact. It's --
the delays are shorter.

The pipe is there. The RFP activity is still pretty good. It's a little softer in a few areas. And part of it's
recognizing that the time from RFP to getting a deal done, it does take time.

You're certainly aware of our sales cycle. So it is a -- it's very preliminary right now, but we do drill down.
We look -- we build bottoms-up budgets.

We look at RFP. We look at all those leading indicators, RFPs and demos and things like that, even RFIs.
And so that's really what it's based on right now. But again, it's preliminary.

Scott Alan Wilson
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Got it. Understood. And then maybe a quick one for Brian. To put a finer point on kind of your margin
expansion commentary. I guess, historically, you've talked about 50 to 100 bps of margin expansion
annually. Is that still in the cards for next year given the outsized expansion you've seen this year? Or
should we be kind of thinking about maybe a more modest step back in terms of that type of expansion
next year?

Brian K. Miller
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Again, we've got a lot of work to do on our planning process that I would say we -- and even pre-COVID,
we expected that 2021 would be a year where we would return to margin expansion.

And so if I were guessing, I'd say probably in that range, but probably on the lower end.

Operator

Our next question comes from Joe Goodwin of JMP Securities.

Joseph P. Goodwin
JMP Securities LLC, Research Division

Just curious on -- when you're doing a conversion from an on-premise customer into the cloud or
subscription, do -- I understand this might vary across products, across Tyler. But is there -- do customers
need to be on a specific version before actually moving to the cloud or under the subscription? Is there
any dynamic there? Or can they go from any version direct to cloud?

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Yes. No, there's not a -- they don't need to be upgraded to the most current version to make that
transition.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Operator

At this time, there appears to be no further questions. Mr. Moore, I'll turn back to you for any closing
remarks.

H. Lynn Moore
CEO, President & Director

Okay. Thanks, Eric, and thanks, everybody, for joining us today. I certainly appreciate the interest, and we
hope you stay safe and healthy. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact Brian Miller
or myself. Thanks, everybody.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you very much for attending today's presentation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

TYLER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

