Tyson Foods, Inc. NYSE:TSN
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, November 16, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.19

1.81

52.10

1.47

5.03

5.64

12.13

5.84

11038.69

11460.00

3.82

10922.81

42787.21

43185.00

0.93

43898.13

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-16-2020 1:25 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.67

1.12

0.96

1.19

1.66

0.77

1.40

1.81

SURPRISE

(0.60 %)

(31.25 %)

45.83 %

52.10 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jon Kathol;Vice President of
Investor Relations

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent
Director

Stewart F. Glendinning
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Securities, Research Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Benjamin M. Theurer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Benjamin Shelton Bienvenu
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Michael Leith Piken
Cleveland Research Company

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] Please also note, today's event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference call over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir,
please go ahead.

Jon Kathol;Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods, Inc. earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and
fiscal year of 2020. On today's call are Dean Banks, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stewart
Glendinning, our Chief Financial Officer. Slides accompanying today's prepared remarks are available as a
supplemental report in the resource center of the Tyson investor website at ir.tyson.com.

Tyson Foods issued an earnings release this morning, which has been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K
and is available on our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as
defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with
respect to future events, such as Tyson's outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth
and various other aspects of its business.

These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and
our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business, including those listed in
our 10-K filed this morning.

I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Monday, November 16 at 9:00 a.m.
Eastern time. A replay of today's call will be available on our website approximately one hour after the
conclusion of this call.

This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods, and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this
call in any form without the expressed written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited.

Please note that our references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in today's
remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations to our GAAP results, please
refer to this morning's press release.

I'll now turn the call over to Dean Banks.

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

Thank you, Jon, and many thanks to everyone listening for their interest in Tyson Foods. We hope you're
all safe and healthy as we continue to navigate the pandemic.

I'm thankful for the efforts of everyone of Tyson's nearly 140,000 team members and want you to know
their health and safety remain our top priority. The dedication of our team members and the future of our
business have me excited to be in my first earnings call as CEO. We have an exceptional leadership team
with tremendous experience across protein production, consumer insights, innovation, technology and
more, and I am truly excited about the growth and success we will drive as a team.

We've recently faced unprecedented and unfamiliar times, but our business is settling down, and we're
uniquely positioned to fulfill our long-term strategy. Our business performed well and delivered strong
fourth quarter and full year results. Our team members, agricultural partners and customers have shown
resilience. This has enabled us to maintain and accelerate our efforts to provide global consumers with a
safe and accessible food supply.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

Before we talk about fourth quarter results, I'd like to cover our team's accomplishments over the last 12
months. At the onset of the pandemic, we launched an internal task force to address the virus. We made
substantial investments in our personal protective equipment, social distancing safeguards and other
increased health and safety measures across our business. We've seen a dramatic reduction in active
cases involving our team members since last spring.

In an effort to stay ahead of the virus, we've launched a new industry-leading monitoring strategy that
involves weekly testing of a sample of team members, which has so far proven to be invaluable. We had
$540 million in direct incremental COVID-19 cost for the full year, including about $300 million of thank
you bonuses and other benefits paid directly to our team members for their efforts. We managed core
expenses aggressively in an effort to partially offset the increased costs related to COVID-19.

Our Beef and Pork segments both delivered a strong performance on the year, while Prepared Foods
showed positive momentum, including a continuation of share gains across many retail categories. Our
core retail lines grew volume in every quarter of the fiscal year, up over 17% during the latest 52 weeks.
Our Chicken business is still performing below our long-term earnings expectations. While our Tyson
frozen value-added and premium air-chilled products have performed strongly, other businesses have not.

The biggest drivers of our underperformance are not having full staffing levels, a portion of which can be
attributed to the ongoing effects of the coronavirus, operational execution and pricing. The majority of our
improvement opportunity lies in reducing the mix and yield impacts of the 3 drivers I just mentioned, and
most of this is centered in a handful of our plants.

The inefficiencies driven by reduced staffing levels and poor execution has translated to higher cost per
pound. We expect progress toward these issues to face headwinds from absenteeism and other COVID-19-
related complexities during the first half of the year but remain hopeful that a vaccine and a gradual
return to normalcy in the second half will result in a net improvement for the year.

We continue to demonstrate our commitment to sustainable business practices and corporate social
responsibility. Our efforts included the following: enhancing our framework to promote equity, inclusion
and diversity in the workplace, including $5 million in committed donations to organizations that are
advancing the cause of lasting change; our work to verify sustainable cattle production practices on more
than 5 million acres of grazing land in the largest beef transparency program in the U.S.; record protein
donations across the country; and the development and recently announced Forest Protection Standard to
reassert that we have virtually no deforestation risk across our global supply chain.

In the alternative protein space, we bolstered the company's offerings under the Raised & Rooted brand,
while extending our retail presence to 10,000 stores in less than a year, entering the quick service
restaurant channel and launching products in Europe. Over the past year, we have seen our plant-based
offerings retail sales increase over 250%, and we are excited to build on this momentum alongside our
customers as we meet evolving consumer demand for years to come.

Now let's discuss some high-level takeaways from our fourth quarter. In the U.S., the pandemic continues
to drive higher levels of retail demand and overall lower levels of foodservice volume. While quick-service
restaurants are close to or better than pre-COVID levels, full-service restaurants continue to operate at
about 80% of normal, with wide variations by geography, while schools and cafeterias are operating at
levels significantly below normal. These channel impacts as well as higher levels of absenteeism, increase
the cost and complexity of our operations. Europe has a similar operating environment as the U.S., while
our Asian businesses are almost back to normal.

The continued strength of at-home consumption is driving historically high retail and e-commerce sales,
and Tyson is winning. Our retail core business lines experienced their ninth straight quarter of share
growth and continued to outperform the top 10 food manufacturers. Volumes in these lines were up nearly
15% during the latest 13 weeks, leading to nearly 2 percentage points in volume share growth during that
period.

As consumers increasingly shifted towards little or no-contact buying methods during the pandemic,
we experienced e-commerce sales growth of 99% on a full year basis and 126% in the fourth quarter

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

compared to last year. With this growth, Tyson's online sales penetration through its e-commerce channel
partners is now estimated at over $1 billion, and we expect continued relevance of this channel moving
forward.

The company experienced solid results during the fourth quarter driven by strong operating income
performances in our Beef, Pork and Prepared Foods businesses. The performance of these segments offset
lower results in our Chicken business. In total, we delivered almost $1 billion of operating income for the
fourth quarter, in spite of the negative impacts of $200 million associated with COVID-19. This represents
an operating income improvement of $275 million versus Q4 of 2019, an increase of almost 40%.

Our Prepared Foods business delivered strong Q4 results. Our brands and products continue to resonate
with consumers, as demonstrated by our track record of share growth 9 quarters in a row. We have a
balanced mix of distribution channels, giving us a resilient business model that's able to effectively react
to external factors, including obstacles caused by COVID-19. Improved operational execution as well as
lower commercial spend also helped to drive strong Q4 results. We're also pursuing SKU rationalization
and optimization opportunities across our production network.

Our Beef and Pork businesses continue to be an important part of our company's portfolio strategy.
They generated very strong returns during the quarter, enabling investments in key value-added and
international growth initiatives across our business.

The Beef segment delivered solid earnings, as the cutout margin remained strong, while live cattle prices
driven by plentiful supplies remained relatively low. This was set against the backdrop of continued strong
consumer demand.

Our operational performance recovered substantially from the early COVID-19 impacts, and volumes were
up 31% versus the third quarter. Exports have also been strong for our Beef segment, which serve as a
way for us to optimize all parts of the animal, including products that aren't traditionally consumed within
the American diet. We expect to see continued adequate cattle supplies during fiscal 2021.

The Pork segment also delivered very strong earnings during the quarter, despite a narrowing of the
spread as hog cost increased and the cutout came down. The hog supply remained strong, while our
plants faced less disruption and produced significantly improved volumes versus Q3.

The plentiful conditions we've seen in the hog supply are beginning to moderate as a result of the
industry's ongoing recovery, but we expect adequate supplies in the near term. In an effort to support the
independent hog farmers who rely on us for consistent and reliable outlet for their livestock, we've worked
hard to safely maximize our processing capacity.

African swine fever has persisted overseas, moving into Germany's wild boar population. This infection
quickly led to certain nations banning German pork exports, which we expect to create incremental global
demand for U.S. pork. We're beginning to see some level of herd rebuilding in China, but we agree with
industry analysts that a complete recovery may depend on eradication of ASF and/or the success of a
commercial-grade vaccine. Our view is that full recovery could still be a multiyear event. Until this occurs,
we expect to see a continued redistribution of global pork supplies.

Within the U.S., export demand has increased at a pace that has helped to offset increased pork supplies
domestically. This demand has been supportive of hog prices, which is critical for U.S. independent hog
farmers.

Our Q4 chicken results improved sequentially compared to the third quarter as we saw some recovery in
our operations and experienced lower COVID-19 costs. However, the results were not better than our prior
year, as a number of the challenges, which I outlined earlier, are still with us.

Having said that, we've seen tremendous performance within our branded retail value-added poultry lines,
including more than 24% volume growth during the quarter, with simultaneous volume and dollar share
gains. The impacts of COVID-19 on channel volumes and operating efficiency resulted in net negative
volumes for the quarter and higher operating costs.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

We also saw a dramatic softening of the leg quarter market during the quarter, which has since leveled
out. As I mentioned, we are aggressively executing a variety of operational and supply chain efficiency
programs to better position us for long-term competitiveness.

Additionally, we are continually identifying ways to drive costs out of our structure, while remaining keenly
focused on operational improvements and customer service.

As COVID-19-related absenteeism rates have improved, although not yet back to historical levels, we are
focused on the operational improvement programs mentioned in fiscal 2020. We still believe the original
target of $200 million in cost savings as a result of these improvement initiatives is attainable.

Our International portfolio continues to give us great opportunities for growth and synergy. Our view
remains that the vast majority of global protein consumption growth will happen outside of the U.S.,
so we are positioning our company to meet that need. During the last quarter, we found new profitable
international outlets for U.S.-based byproducts that would otherwise realize relatively low values
domestically. By leveraging our U.S.-based scale with our newly acquired and legacy International
businesses, we've identified repeatable opportunities to margin up bulk export products into a convenient,
value-added and retail-ready format for international markets.

The benefit of these value-added sales, which originated in our domestic business and are sold throughout
our international network, is an example of how our One Tyson approach helps us meet global demand
while enhancing the company's margin structure.

We'll continue to seek out and leverage these and other synergistic opportunities across our global
network as we expand abroad and continue to learn from consumers in these growing markets.

We also recently announced our plans to build new production capacity in China and Thailand as well
as expansion of our facility in the Netherlands. These initiatives will add substantial fully cooked poultry
capacity to our network, which will help us serve emerging markets and strategic customers.

And last, we plan to accelerate our focus on initiatives to ensure a competitive cost structure moving
forward, which includes optimizing organizational structures and other cost reduction activities.

In summary, I'm pleased by our fourth quarter performance, and I'm excited about our future.

I'd now like to turn the call over to Stewart to walk us through our Q4 financial performance and fiscal
2021 financial outlook.

Stewart F. Glendinning
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Dean. As previously mentioned, our business performed well during Q4 and the full fiscal year,
especially considering the external challenges facing our company.

Now please keep in mind that Q4 was a 14-week quarter because of the 53-week fiscal year, which is
reflected in our GAAP results. The quarterly and annual adjusted results that we refer to throughout have
the impact of the additional week removed for comparability purposes.

We delivered operating income of $961 million during the quarter, up almost 40% versus Q4 '19; and $3.1
billion for the full year, up almost 5% versus last year, leading to a total company return on sales of 7.4%,
up about 40 basis points versus last year.

This strong performance resulted in $1.81 of EPS for the quarter, an increase of approximately 50%
versus Q4 '19 and $5.64 for the full year, up about 3% versus fiscal 2019. This performance was
predicated on our flexible cross protein portfolio that had shown great resiliency during recent periods of
disruption to our industry and economy.

Our Q4 results include a $75 million positive derivative impact, although on a full year basis, derivative
values were relatively flat. We also incurred $200 million of direct COVID-19 costs during Q4, as we
continue to prioritize team member health and safety, and those costs have not been adjusted out of our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

results. The reactions from our team members to the investments and initiatives we have implemented to
prevent the spread of COVID-19 have been resoundingly positive.

Sales and volumes were both lower by about 2% versus Q4 '19 driven primarily by the effects of
COVID-19, including reduced sales through the foodservice channel. Return on sales for the aggregate
business came in at 9% for Q4, and average sales price was down less than 1% versus Q4 '19.

Jumping into the specific segment results. Our Prepared Foods segment delivered strong performance,
including operating income of $236 million or 11.2% return on sales. Sales were down 1.8%, and volumes
were down 5.6% versus the comparable period as a result of retail strength offset by COVID-19-related
weakness in foodservice. Operating income improvements were driven by reduced commercial spending,
lower commodities and operational improvements, including the benefits of lower write-downs versus last
year.

The Chicken segment delivered operating income of $91 million, generating a 2.9% return on sales. These
results include a $45 million gain from derivative adjustments during the quarter. Sales were down 7.5%,
and volumes were 5.4% lower versus the comparable period last year driven in large part by the effects of
COVID-19, including lower foodservice volumes.

We were impacted by both channel shift as well as operational issues resulting from the pandemic. As
Dean outlined in his prepared remarks, we continue to face challenges in our Chicken segment, but remain
committed to take the actions necessary to return us to top quartile performance.

Beef segment operating income was $483 million during the quarter, generating a return on sales of
12.2%. Sales were up 2.7%, and volumes were up 3.8% versus Q4 '19 driven principally by the lower
comparable figures last year due to lower production capacity as a result of the fire at our Finney County
processing facility.

We don't anticipate these levels of profitability to persist into the remainder of fiscal 2021, but still expect
the Beef business to deliver strong results going forward.

Pork operating income was $162 million in the fourth quarter, representing a return on sales of 12.8%.
Sales were up 1%, and volumes were up almost 7% versus the comparable period last year driven
primarily by strong consumption of Pork products in both domestic and international markets. Gross
margin and volume improvements completely offset higher operating costs to deliver year-over-year
adjusted operating income growth of $135 million.

Our International business, as Dean mentioned, continues to demonstrate great growth and synergy
prospects. This business has now been profitable for the past 2 years, which sets the stage for strong
future performance. We will continue to focus on growth opportunities and seek out additional synergy
opportunities using our One Tyson framework to increase the value of our international output across the
portfolio.

Moving on to broader financial performance highlights. Year-to-date operating cash flows were $3.9 billion
on a 53-week basis. Our balance sheet and leverage ratios continue to strengthen driven by gross debt
deleveraging and an increasing liquidity position as a result of strong cash flows.

We repaid almost $700 million of bond maturities during the quarter, and our ending liquidity, which was
higher than we would have originally anticipated due to strong operating cash flows, was $3.2 billion.

Net debt to adjusted EBITDA for the quarter ended at 2.3x, which included the negative effects of our
direct COVID-19 costs. Net interest expense totaled $123 million during the quarter. Our effective tax
rate was 21.6% in the fourth quarter, and weighted average shares outstanding were approximately 364
million.

Capital expenditures during the fourth quarter came in at $292 million, while depreciation and
amortization totaled $316 million.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

Our cross protein portfolio strategy provides us with a countercyclical effect during periods of weakness in
specific protein markets. This differentiated capability allows us to both grow and stabilize the company's
aggregate earnings over time and has contributed to a strong annual operating CAGR over time.

Our base protein businesses have continued to generate strong returns and cash flows that will fuel our
value-added and international growth into the future.

And finally, last week, our Board approved an increase to our annual dividend of $0.10 per share. This
increases our annual dividend to $1.78 per share.

I'd now like to walk through our financial guidance as we look ahead into the balance of fiscal 2021. We're
about halfway through our first quarter, and our businesses are off to a good start. We expect annual
revenues of $42 billion to $44 billion.

With our strong pipeline of organic growth opportunities, we expect CapEx spending of between $1.2
billion and $1.4 billion. The majority of this spending will be toward previously announced capacity
additions in our Beef, Chicken, Prepared Foods and International businesses as we focus on strategic
organic growth plans.

We expect to manage liquidity in excess of our historical target of $1 billion, and we will continue to focus
on deleveraging with over $500 million of notes maturing during the fiscal year.

Our effective tax rate is expected to approximate 23%. Net interest expense is expected to be
approximately $440 million. COVID costs are expected to be lower on a run rate basis than the fourth
quarter, although we expect PPE and employee-related payments amongst other costs to continue, while
COVID infections remain active.

Although it's still very early and a host of factors could impact the accuracy of our assumptions, including
the duration of the pandemic, we're currently anticipating approximately $330 million of COVID costs for
the fiscal year. I want to stress that this is a point-in-time estimate based on what we know currently, and
the health and safety of our employees is our top priority.

Some of the direct costs we've experienced as a result of COVID-19 have been transient, while others
could be structural, specifically regarding team member wages in certain production locations. Because
of this, we expect some increased labor costs as we strive to attract and retain talent in the competitive
labor markets where we operate. This competition for labor is not only with other meat processors but
with a range of companies hiring similarly skilled people. As 2021 progresses, we will have a better sense
of which costs are likely to continue over the longer term.

Our new plant in Humboldt will commence operations this year, and, as is normal with plant start-ups, we
will incur substantial ramp-up costs.

Despite the challenges we've experienced, our countercyclical multi-protein business model across brands,
channels, categories and geographies puts us in a good position as we orient our portfolio toward future
growth. As Dean mentioned, we're proud of our team's accomplishments during the fourth quarter and are
excited about how our performance sets us up for the balance of fiscal 2021.

Our balance sheet, liquidity, scale and portfolio of businesses differentiate Tyson from other food
companies and position us for long-term growth, as we execute against our strategic plan with a constant
focus on maximizing long-term shareholder value.

I'd like to now turn the call back over to Dean to discuss broader fiscal '21 business outlook and closing
remarks. Dean?

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

Thank you, Stewart. We have a bright future ahead, and we remain committed to navigate the risks and
market-based factors that we may face, especially in the current environment. We will prepare for and
respond to those risks to the best of our ability, just as we've always done.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

With respect to our view on the business and operating environment as we look ahead into the balance
of fiscal 2021, we expect consumption behavior will continue to orient towards meals at home. Unless
the current wave causes widespread shutdowns, we would expect to see a continuing gradual recovery
in foodservice volume throughout the year. This is, of course, dependent on the extent of the pandemic
spread within our communities, the broad availability of a vaccine and any local or federal regulatory
restrictions.

As we look across our businesses, we are evaluating where we can utilize automation and technology in
our work that will enable more efficient and effective collaboration and operations.

Grain futures for 2021 have strengthened recently due to diminishing U.S. production prospects from
earlier in the season and record-high demand in China. Prices have been further supported by unfavorable
weather in competing crop-producing countries and could result in overall grain cost being higher for
2021. Remember our previous guidance that a $0.10 per bushel move in corn or a $10 per ton move in
soybean meal translates to an approximately $25 million change to cost of goods sold.

The trade environment continues to present uncertainty, especially considering this year's elections and
the potential implications that may have on trade policy.

We recently observed higher freight costs due to limited driver availability and mix related load
inefficiencies but are exploring opportunities to mitigate and offset this trend. This is in addition to the
challenges we mentioned earlier around ensuring full staffing in our plants.

Beef and Pork segment margins are expected to moderate toward more historical levels as industry
capacity, live animal supplies and finished goods inventories equilibrate, although we still expect these
businesses to generate healthy returns. At the same time, we expect stronger performances from our
Prepared Foods and Chicken businesses, as we sharpen our focus on cost reduction and operational
improvement. We also expect that when the virus recedes, our ability to drive business improvements will
accelerate.

In closing, our business performed well during an unprecedented time. Our team displayed resilience when
consumers more than ever needed access to a stable and accessible food supply. While we will continue
to face pandemic-related challenges in fiscal 2021, we're settling the business down to be focused on
executing our long-term strategy, while generating strong returns for shareholders.

I am excited for the opportunities ahead for this great company, and I'm certain we have the people,
products and strategies in place to drive future growth.
That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we're ready for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Dean, you were quoted in the media yesterday regarding your COVID prep, and you talked a little bit
about it today. I did just want to clarify a little bit, though, just given how quickly the virus is spreading.

How do you think about -- how do you prepare for increased risks of labor shortages in the next couple
of months, not just because of actual illness but also because of workers may be afraid of getting a little
sick? And I guess on a tangential note, are you seeing any short-term demand upticks for your products
as consumers maybe pull some orders forward a little bit?

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

Sure, Ken. First and foremost, our team members' safety has been our top priority, and we've taken a
tremendous amount of forward-looking action to make sure that we're prepared, so that when they come
into work every day, they not only feel safe, but they look around and see a variety of precautions that
we've taken to protect them.

So you've seen some announcements that we've made around hiring of nurses in our facilities. That was in
anticipation of what we're seeing today. And for fear that, that actually could manifest itself, we've posted
a position for a Chief Medical Officer, which we're close on. And I would say, the most important aspect
of our preventative measures was -- this has been how we've acted upon the availability of testing with
what we're calling our always-on testing strategy, where we're sampling team members as they come in
and making sure that we can identify what's going on, both in the public numbers in the community, but
also what we're seeing from our team members coming into the plants. And that's just been tremendously
invaluable in giving them comfort that they're not at risk of catching anything.

And then I would say that it's also been invaluable to the communities in which we operate. You might
have seen an article that came out a few weeks ago in Storm Lake where a former state health official
cited that the county in which we operate actually had lower COVID numbers, and she attributed that
to how we're acting with our monitoring and testing strategy, much like we anticipated the need for
masks early in the first wave of the crisis and chartered a plane to take proactive, aggressive action to
get precaution for our team members -- precautionary protections for our team members. I'd say, in
this crisis, we've been -- in the second wave, we've been preparing all along, and you see that in our
expenses.

From a demand perspective -- from a demand labor perspective -- from a labor perspective, I would say
that we -- as Stewart mentioned in his comments, we've been bonusing our team members and just
saying thank you. We know that they have options for where they go, and we want Tyson Foods to be a
place where they can come to work and thrive every day.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That was clear. And then a quick follow-up from me. You're well into the first quarter already. I know
you're hesitant to talk about 2021 for understandable reasons, but is there anything we can understand,
maybe even directionally, about how the quarter is progressing so far? Are there any unusual factors we
should consider when we model? Just to kind of avoid any surprises or any unnecessary surprises, so to
speak.

Samuel Dean Banks

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

Yes. We're not going to be able to preannounce or anything like that, but what I would say is that we are
expecting Beef and Pork to ultimately through 2021 normalize.

I would say, when you're thinking about those 2 businesses specifically, from a pork perspective, hogs are
coming in at weight now, so we think we've worked through some portion of the backlog, although there
may still be some out there. We do expect adequate supplies through the year.

In Beef, cattle are still coming in quite a bit overweight, and so we are seeing that there's quite a bit of
backlog and ample supply certainly for the year to come.

Chicken, as you've seen through the reports, we are aggressively pursuing operational improvements, and
you've seen the leadership change we've made there, both complementing Chad Martin in his exceptional
leadership with Donnie King, who's an industry veteran leading the business.

That's going to take some time. Recovering chicken is going to be a long effort. We've got a handful of
plants that are just not operating operational efficiently. And then the variability related to the crisis and
what's happening in foodservice and some of those plants is just continuing to make that challenging, but
we're working hard to make the operational improvements we need.

The Prepared Foods has been performing strong. We're very proud of the work that they're doing there.
And much like the other parts of the business, we really need foodservice to come back online for that
business to be everything that we know it can, but the ability for the team to flex between retail and
foodservice has been phenomenal.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays.

Benjamin M. Theurer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And congrats on the results.

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

Thanks, Ben.

Benjamin M. Theurer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So the first question, I was just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on the outlook for 2021
just following up Ken's question. Obviously, there's a lot you cannot pre-announce but just to understand a
little bit the dynamics. Because it seems like your sales guidance at least looks for something like slightly
negative to maybe 3.5% to 4% in growth on an adjusted basis. So that looks rather cautious if we just
consider the significant decline we had in the third quarter of 2020 in your fiscal quarter.

So is that really because you still think there's a lot of headwind on foodservice from COVID? So just to
elaborate a little bit on the dynamics in terms of top line amongst the different segments, that would be
much appreciated.

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

Yes. Ben, I'd love to be able to give you some guidance, but as you've seen, if we started getting any
direction 1.5 months ago, we would have been wrong that COVID impacts and increases are continuing
with shutdowns, both in our domestic and in some international markets. And we're just not able -- we're
not able to guide at this point.

Benjamin M. Theurer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. And then my second question, if you could just quickly go into the Chicken segment and the
operating inefficiencies, if you want to call it that way. Where do you think you stand on addressing those?

And you said just moments ago that this will take obviously time, but how do you think about the
progression and the way to address those inefficiencies? Just putting for a moment aside COVID, I know
there's a lot of uncertainty around it, but if that would not be a headwind, how do you feel about the
ability to address those inefficiencies and get those operating margins into a more reasonable level just by
what is in your hand to be addressed?

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

I won't be able to give a ton of specifics. But as you know, we had put out guidance before that we were
going after about $200 million in operational improvements in the Chicken business before the crisis. And
as we've reported, we were making good progress on that. And then as you rightly point out, COVID really
affected quite a bit of that.

We are still making improvements every day. Our leaders are in our plants, looking for inefficiencies and
looking for the ways that we can get those plants running full again and back on track. But as far as
recovering that full $200 million, there will be some value in the recovery from COVID and foodservice and
getting our plants back up to full operational capacity.

But we -- we're not waiting on that, much like you've seen in the past, the shift from foodservice to retail,
we've done that where we can. We've also maintained flexibility to support our fast-growing QSR partners
who are -- in surpassing their original sales with their progress in drive-through and takeout.

And so it is going to take some resolution in COVID for us to really make the growth and expansion that
we want, but we're not waiting for that. We're taking aggressive steps as we speak.

Stewart F. Glendinning
Executive VP & CFO

Ben, this is Stewart. Just one other thing just to add to that. I mean, look, the good news here is the team
is razor sharp on what needs to be done to move that business to first quartile.

One thing just to keep in mind for the modeling, and I mentioned in my comments, is that Humboldt
will come online later this year. That's great. It's going to give us more capacity, but it will come with
some increased costs. And you could think for modeling purposes, that's going to be a little less than
$100 million, probably more weighted to the back half of the year than to the front, but it's a meaningful
number.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alexia Howard from Bernstein.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Can you hear me okay?

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

Yes, Alexia. Go ahead.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

Perfect. Okay. Can I ask about -- you mentioned the trends on the foodservice side of the business, with
the QSRs doing pretty much business as usual and then full-service restaurants only operating at 80% and
schools, et cetera, are pretty hard hit.

Can you give us an idea of how your foodservice sales break down in each of those channels just so we
can get an idea of how exposed you are to each of those trends? And then I have a follow-up.

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

No. We're not going to be able to break those down any more specifically. I would even cite just your read
of the situation, that some of our QSR partners are actually surpassing previous volumes, which is really
exciting to see for them, and that's changing quite dynamically. So we won't be able to give any additional
direction related to how that breaks down.

Stewart F. Glendinning
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Alexia, the best data I can give you and suggest that you take a look at the 10-K, which we filed
this morning. If you go back in the segment data there, you'll find some breakout, maybe not quite what
you're asking for, but it will be -- at least give you a sense of what went through foodservice last year and
what's going through there now. It's about [ $1 billion ] lower on [ $12 billion ]. Keep in mind also, when
you look at that data, that's 53-week data for '20 and not 52-week data.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Makes sense. Okay. I'll take a look. And secondly, you did speak of the plant-based part of the portfolio in
the prepared remarks. And you mentioned adding 10,000 outlets on the retail side, plus getting into the
QSR channel as well.

Can you give us an idea of how large that business is? I know it was only launched last summer, so it's
early days, but some idea of how big it is and what the momentum looks like right now on that part of the
business.

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

Yes. I'll comment on the work momentum. It's got quite a bit of momentum. We have some of the SKUs
are really surpassing expectations related to velocity. As you saw, we've expanded to a significant number
of retail stores.

You may have also seen the announcement just recently that we're kicking off a pilot with Jack in the Box.
We're thrilled about that and our progress there, and a variety of prospects with the business. We're not
giving any specifics on the side, but we're thrilled with the investment and the momentum that we've had.

Operator

Our next question comes from Peter Galbo from Bank of America.

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Securities, Research Division

Dean, just given your comments yesterday and some of the comments today around COVID with cases
climbing, I guess one of the concerns is that plants are remaining open at this point because of the current
administration's executive orders.

So I guess, the first part of the question is, have you had any discussions with the incoming administration
about making sure that, that maintains in place? And the second part of that is, is there any discussion
going on at the higher level making sure that as these vaccines become available that your front line
workers are kind of first in line to receive the vaccine just to maintain the supply chain?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

So I'll stress one thing that we've really put team members' safety first. And as you saw through the
previous waves, we have taken no hesitation to idle plants whenever we think it's the right thing to do, to
either do deep cleaning or mass testing or whatever was required.

And so in this crisis, we are taking as many precautions as possible to make sure we're keeping our team
members safe, and that results in them feeling safe coming to work, and that results in us being able to
keep our plants up and running and feeding the world.

Related to vaccine availability, it's too early to push forward on what that could ultimately look like. You
have to consider distribution, obviously, side effect profile and a million other things when thinking about
how that's going to ultimately impact your business.

And from a broader perspective, our business is operating through this climate very well. What I would
say is that whether it's our balanced portfolio, whether it's the protections that we've taken, the business
has proven extraordinarily resilient. And we've heard from really every administration that they consider
companies like Tyson and industry specifically around food to be mission-critical for the country. And I'm
sure that if the vaccine is proving to be effective and safe, and our team members decide that they want it
for their own protections, that it will be made available.

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. No, that's very helpful. And Stewart, maybe just the comments that you made on for freight and
grain, I know that the hedges you had in place in '20 on chicken were disadvantageous from a grain
perspective.

But just as grain has moved up, how should we think about those reversing into a more positive position if
you're more advantageously hedged?

Stewart F. Glendinning
Executive VP & CFO

I mean, we've got some detail in our K. I think the best thing to do is just to think broadly about the
stats I gave you earlier for the following reason. I think the stats I gave you sort of $0.10 on corn is $25
million; $10 on soybean per ton is $25 million. So look at those, we've got more detail in the K.

We ought to think of our hedging as sort of ultimately following the basic trend. I mean, it's going to
create a lag. And so as grain prices go up, hedging will operate in such a way to slow that increase in our
numbers. But then you'll get the opposite on the other side. So think about the curve, I mean, the curve is
distinctly upward certainly in the last month or so.

Operator

Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So I guess, first, I want to come back to something that got mentioned in the prepared remarks and
alluded to in one of the answers. And it was taking -- the idea of taking the Chicken business back to top
quartile performance.

And you -- we can look at some of your public peers and kind of evaluate that, but there's also meaningful
mix differences in your business given kind of your differences in bird class, the big prepared, kind of
fully cooked operation that you have. So I'm just trying to think about, as you would define top quartile
performance in your Chicken business given your mix, what does that actually mean?

Samuel Dean Banks

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

Yes. It's certainly a good question, Adam. I'd say our businesses, specifically in Chicken, as you pointed
out, it's very mixed, so our retail value-added portfolio has performed just phenomenally through the
crisis, up north of 24%. We've been thrilled with the market share gains there.

And the other aspects of our business, whether it's tray pack or fresh or small bird, they're all competing
and all being impacted in very different ways. Specifically, some of our business has been very strongly hit
by deli sales being down through the crisis.

And so we watch performance really on a business unit by business unit basis, and some of the businesses
that have been impacted, specifically the plants due to mix and operational efficiency, that's what we were
talking about and getting back up to top quartile performance on those that are underperforming in each
of their given segments. I don't think I'll be able to give any more specific guidance than that.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then I wanted to just try to wrap up some of the comments on fiscal '21 a little bit, just go
through some of the different pieces. So if I'm reading the guidance right, about $210 million of tailwind
today on COVID cost, that could change; $100 million or so of incremental costs related to Humboldt.

If I would look at grain, today, I would look at -- take the sensitivity that you just gave, Stewart, and I
would think it's at least $150 million on a gross basis. Now I know pricing can offset some of that, but
gross $150 million or so.

And then freight, I didn't catch a number in terms of what the headwind was. And then just any other kind
of discrete kind of Tyson controlled expenses or things you have line of sight to that you could call out
before we overlay the market kind of conditions?

Stewart F. Glendinning
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure. So let me give you a couple of things. But first of all, I wouldn't necessarily say that COVID is
necessarily the tailwind. Remember, I gave you the $330 million. That is a number that is lower than this
year. But I keep a close eye on COVID because that's a point in time estimate, and I wanted to make sure
you've got that. But I accept that, for the moment, that's a $200 million benefit.

I'm afraid I didn't give you a number, and I'm not going to give you some specifics there, but it's some
pressure on grain. The numbers you're sort of talking about, that's probably in the range. That's going to
vary, by the way, based on whether the numbers -- where the price goes.

The only other one I would say that you don't have in there, which we did call out during the prepared
remarks, is what happens with our picture on labor. And I did draw your attention to the fact that there
are some locations where we're starting to see some wage pressures. We compete for labor, not just with
other meat processors, but with a broad range of companies. That's going to take some time to figure
that out. Again, the labor market is seeing a lot of disruption from COVID, and we'll see how much of that
becomes structural versus temporal.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens Inc.

Benjamin Shelton Bienvenu
Stephens Inc., Research Division

I want to follow up on Adam's questions around the guidance and, in particular, just on the revenue
guidance that you guys provided for fiscal '21 and if you could give us a sense of the variability that's
incorporated from the bottom to the top end of the range, whether it's variability in volume or price and
what that variability is predicated on, whether it's related to COVID, potential disruptions or lack thereof.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

And then along the same lines, of the $330 million of COVID cost that you gave, Stewart, I guess if we
see significant closures, absenteeism, if this year looks more like last year, how much better prepared are
you, guys, it sounds like a lot better prepared, to mitigate the costs, recognizing that your top priority is
safety? Just help us gauge those, if you could.

Stewart F. Glendinning
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. So let me run through the questions then quickly. So first of all, on the top line, the big drivers
for the top line, and you called some of them out, I won't break them out by percentage. But certainly,
price is going to be a big one. That obviously has a fair bit of volatility, especially in our commodity meat
businesses, Pork and Beef, for sure. That's going to move around.

Keep in mind also that depending on how COVID goes, so will our foodservice volumes, and that has an
impact on our average pricing. So those are probably the biggest factors and that you might be able to
make some educated guesses on each of those.

In terms of the COVID costs, yes, look, I mean, some costs we incur, and they're sort of onetime. We
put up all the barriers. We've -- initially, masks were costing more. It was hard to find them. So I think
you're going to find some of those costs, either one has to be repeated or maybe aren't as difficult, but
the variability is going to come with what we have to do on labor.

We want to look after our employees. This is the #1 priority for us. And so we will, first of all, deploy
whatever is necessary from a testing or health care perspective. We will not give people any incentive
to come to work if they are sick. You need to recognize that's a cost. And then, of course, last year, a
big chunk of our cost was some of the thank-you bonuses that we paid to our frontline employees for
coming during a very difficult time, and whether or not that has to be repeated, will be dependent on the
outcome of COVID. So unfortunately, not an absolutely clear number, but that's because we're not facing
an absolutely clear set of circumstances.

Benjamin Shelton Bienvenu
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Understood, understood. My second question is related to the Prepared Foods business, and I know there's
bifurcated results within this, but the retail is doing quite well. And I'm curious how you guys are thinking
about product innovation in the midst of this operating environment.

You talked about SKU rationalization as well, and that may have been across your segments. But any
commentary you could talk about in terms of how you're building that business for future growth as it
relates to new products and how we should be thinking about the pace of innovation?

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

Sure. I'll comment in a few ways. First off, we spent a good amount of time thinking about the e-
commerce channel, which we see growing, and how we package our foods to make sure that they're
more accessible to click and collect, click and deliver, and that's really paying dividends, as you saw in the
results.

We do see that even at the extent of COVID today that consumers are really getting tired of cooking at
home and making sure that we have ready-made foods or easy-to-cook or easy-to-prepare foods in the
Prepared Foods business, that has also really benefited us through the crisis.

Looking forward, we know that there's stickiness in click and collect, click and deliver, and so making sure
that our products are even more amenable to that. And we've looked at everything from preparation to
packaging across the entire Prepared Foods franchise to make sure that as we start moving out of the
crisis, we're steady and ready to deliver in that business.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

Our next question comes from Michael Piken from Cleveland Research.

Michael Leith Piken
Cleveland Research Company

My first question was on Chicken. There's been a little bit of a reduction in egg sets recently, and I guess
I'm just sort of wondering in terms of your business, should we be sort of tracking your commodity
chicken piece sort of in line with those?

And how, historically, higher feed costs have maybe led to a little bit more rational chicken production?
Like how much are you sort of thinking about the volumes for your Chicken business and the potential
pros and con of potentially higher feed cost?

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

No. We're not going to be able to comment relative to industry. We'll just talk about ourselves that when
we're looking at running our facilities and running them efficiently and effectively, obviously, the way
that we place eggs and the way that we deliver with those businesses from an operational efficiency
perspective, it really depends upon the markets and what's going on. Whether it's foodservice having
some cutbacks or whether it's retail running away, we're always making adjustments to that and trying to
do our best to run our plants full and efficient and effective, so we won't be able to comment on how that
is relative to the industry.

And then related costs -- sorry, I'll finish the second part of your question related to input costs. As you
know, some of our product ultimately goes out and prices at commodity spot markets, et cetera. Some of
it is contractual where input costs ultimately pass through and some of it are fixed price that's negotiated
over time. So no real comment yet on how that's playing out relative to what we're placing and what we're
delivering.

Michael Leith Piken
Cleveland Research Company

Great. Yes. And then my follow-up was actually related to kind of the leg quarter market and exports. I
guess, specifically, we saw pork prices run up quite a bit about a month or 2 ago. And it seems like the
export demand is improving for beef. Like what is it going to take to churn the chicken export market
around, as some pause? Or are you seeing any signs of pickup? And if so, what markets?

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

Sure. You may have read, we've put a pretty significant amount into an initiative that we're calling One
Tyson and compliments to our international folks that are listening in. They've done an amazing job at
really taking the byproduct of our domestic production and valuing that up in the international markets.
And we've just seen tremendous success in that and also working with them to rationalize our export
teams to make sure that we're getting the best deployment efficiency of our products.

And then our international markets are also consumers of our own leg quarters. And so we've got a lot of
international further processed capacity that we see when the prices come down. Those businesses can
deliver better margins, so we're doing everything we can to find full balance and optimization through the
One Tyson network.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Can you just elaborate a little bit on ASF? And I know you mentioned some of the volume shifts sort of
globally around the world that are being driven by that, but how much is your expected impact more likely

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

that sort of volume reallocation versus a pricing lift? And how do you think about how that impacts what
you're thinking on and planning for '21?

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

I'd say ASF is still a really dynamic situation. We've seen it dancing around Germany for some time. And
now that it's shown up in the wild boar population, we're obviously looking at, as I mentioned, the global
shift of production distribution.

We're seeing, obviously, continued increased demand from China and other export markets that were
serviced by Germany. But as you can imagine, the rebalancing component does mitigate some of that and
make it so that the German exports end up landing somewhere else, but otherwise were fulfilled by other
markets.

And so generally, ASF is not gone. And until there's a vaccine, we don't expect it to be gone. We know
that all countries are bracing and doing a lot to try to mitigate. China is obviously aggressively trying to fill
that hole. We've seen a variety of efforts there, and I'd say it's going to continue to impact our business,
especially our protein portfolio for some time. Because of the counterbalancing effects of each of our
proteins, there'll be continued demand globally the more and more ASF is impacting the markets. But it's
not going away anytime soon.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And just a quick follow-up on the plant-based business. Is the 10,000 stores around
where you had expected to be? Or has COVID then, maybe shelf resets being delayed impacted that
where we should expect some upside to that? How does that look maybe going ahead?

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

No. I'd say from a retail perspective, we've seen the uplift in our alternative protein portfolio, much like we
have in other parts of our business, and that's been encouraging, both from a placements perspective and
from a velocity perspective.

The place where I think all new product launches, maybe except for chicken sandwiches have been
impacted, is in foodservice. And so we've actually -- obviously very interested in the foodservice
environment for alternative proteins. You've seen the recent announcements, again, with Jack in the Box.
And we're excited about that set of portfolios. But we've not -- we've seen foodservice players revert a
little bit back to kind of staple menu items and consolidating menu items through the crisis, so they can
get people through their drive-throughs and through their takeout more efficiently and effectively.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

A couple of questions. One is, I'm a little surprised how difficult it is to estimate the duration of the
backlog of cattle for the Beef segment.

Dean, can you tell me, like, what are your analysts telling you in terms of like how long that could take?
How long do you expect to be having higher weight cattle running through? And what makes it challenging
to estimate it?

And then my last question is, I was reading the [indiscernible] article that you were in about the COVID
response. It said that you had tested half your employees. Is there any reason you didn't go forward and
have tests for all employees at the plant? What's the pros and cons of that?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

Sure, Rob. I'll go ahead and take your first question first. So I would say that it's worth just pointing out
that in a volatile and certain COVID environment, the hesitation you're seeing in our pace and velocity and
moving through the cattle backlog is the analysts are probably likely expressing just as much uncertainty
on the ability to produce as really being able to estimate what's going on in the field.

We see adequate cattle supplies for a year plus out, and we think that's healthy for our business, and
we're going to be able to operate and thrive through that. And so you're probably just seeing hesitance
and projecting forward for fear that there could be further shutdowns and that sort of thing and not
knowing the precautions that we've taken to ensure we're going to be able to do what we can to provide
adequate production and supply.

Relating to the COVID response, we have a multipronged testing strategy where we are sampling our
team members, looking for evidence of what's going on in the community, and we see a community spike.
We will obviously look at close contacts and that we may need to test an entire plant population.

You'd asked about the trade-offs of testing. Early in the crisis, we made the decisions to aggressively
implement plant-wide testing anywhere that we were seeing signal that there could be community
infection. And we found a substantial number of asymptomatic positives that were not being identified in
the broader community. And I would say the media channel wasn't terribly forgiving of that. And although
it was absolutely the right thing to do, both for our team members, for the communities in which we
operate and for our customers to make sure that we can keep our plants running.

And so there's balance to that, but Tyson has taken aside that, aligned with our values, that we're putting
team member safety absolutely first, and we're testing aggressively anywhere that we see it as needed.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Just -- I get this question a lot from investors. I just kind of would like see what you could talk about with
this. Dean, as you went through your review of the businesses, what do you think the actual cause of the
chicken operations issues are? Like where do you think it stems from? And like what happened? Can you
give us a thought on how that actually transpired?

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

So in our business, we've always taken effort to value up a portfolio and build higher-margin products
inside given plants and facilities, and that decision was made at the expense of operational efficiency
whenever protein prices were high and we could go capture the margin in the marketplace.

With the correction in leg quarters and breast meat and pricing, that makes it hard to run your plants
operational efficiently. And we've -- we're now going back to basics and making sure that the plants run
lean and effective and efficient. And then if and when pricing ever recovers, we'll be able to capture that
margin on top.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. And then the second question is -- it's a hard question to ask, I guess. As you were thinking about
the year, there was probably a thought that maybe the outlook may not have been as good as it is now.

Can you talk about what has changed for the positive, maybe thinking that, initially, maybe your
profitability would not as be -- as strong in 2021, but now it seems like you're a little bit more comfortable

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

with the outlook? Can you talk about how things have progressed and how you're thinking about the
general profitability of 2021?

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

Well, this is a little bit of -- my stepping into the seat, but one thing that I've just been terribly impressed
with is the resiliency of our team members and of our business as a whole, and our ability to adjust and
adapt to really whatever COVID or the markets are throwing at us. And so that has me confidence in
2021.

And in the future of Tyson Foods, I think we've assembled a phenomenal set of assets that work together
to make sure that the business remains resilient, to make sure that we can keep food on the table of the
global consumer.

And then the strategic plan that we put together when I was in the SHC that we're still standing by today
and our ability to pick up the tempo with that is also really encouraging. The acquisitions that we've made
internationally turn out to be quite symbiotic, and we're finding a lot of efficiencies in the portfolio that
we've assembled there. And then the investments we made in Prepared Foods just continue to surprise in
their ability to both gain market share and volume growth.

And so all in, there's a lot of reasons to be excited about Tyson Foods today and in the future. And the
word that I would use is resiliency and tied to the core business. And we've got a lot of foresight tied to
the strategic plan and how we put it together.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

So you're more comfortable that Tyson will actually have a profit growth in 2021. Is that a fair
assessment?

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

No. I'm not going to guide on forward-looking profit.

Stewart F. Glendinning
Executive VP & CFO

Maybe just a little bit of perspective for me, Ken. I'd go back to the remarks that we made this morning.
We said that we expect to see that Chicken and Prepared Foods would improve during the year. You
probably can see what is taking place in cutout for Beef and Pork, so that's -- fairly, you can sort of follow
for the quarter so far.

But I think Beef and Pork will be the variable factor during the year, right, and that's the one to watch, I
would say, just to figure out how that performs versus how Chicken and Prepared performing. We're going
to know more about that as we go through the year. Of course, the other variable is COVID. And I think as
we get into the year, through this first quarter, we'll have a better perspective.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. And then I'm going to sneak in one more. The comment about normalized Beef and Pork, I don't
know what that means because if I go over the last 20 years, I would say normalize is 2% to 3%. But in
reality, for Beef, the last 4 years could be normalizing the whole different thing.

So when you say normalize, do you really mean normalize to the old Tyson or normalize in a new
environment where things are -- you have export demand, you have more cattle supply, even the hog?
The word normalize is a very opaque word, and I'm just curious to make sure that I fully understand what
you're trying to get at. And I'll leave it there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

So I'll comment a little bit and then pass it to Stewart. The -- when we say normalize, there's really
2 components. One is the historical look back on the operating margins of these businesses. But the
other component is the effort that we've made to value up variety meats and off all from the portfolio,
to optimize our cuts and to really run the business more efficiently and even for investments that we've
made in tray pack and portioning the proteins and making them more effective and valuable to our
consumers and customers. So I'd make sure we think through both of those when we think about what
new margins ultimately look like.

Stewart, do you want to give more color?

Stewart F. Glendinning
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, Ken, I would say, just to the specifics of the margins, when I came into the business, we
were talking about normalized is 1 to 3. But certainly, since I've been here, we haven't seen that. And so
we sort of tossed out that idea that normalized is 1 to 3.

On the other side of things, I think if you look at the quarter, we're turning in almost 12% return on sales
for the quarter. And so the question is, can Beef and Pork continue to operate at those levels? And we
think that, over time, that will likely move back more to the middle ground, right?

And so when we use the sort of more recent trends, I think, is sort of what we're talking about when we
say normalized. There's a lot of global demand for these products. And I think as an analyst group, you'd
want to spend some time really understanding whether or not the ground has shifted in the sense that
Beef -- there's growing demand for Beef around the world. And there are not a lot of geographies actually
that can produce it. This is one of them.

Operator

And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we're going to end today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to
turn the conference call back over to Dean for any closing remarks.

Samuel Dean Banks
CEO, President & Non-Independent Director

Sure. Thanks, everyone, for your interest in Tyson Foods. I want to give a big thanks to our team
members, the communities in which we operate, our suppliers, our farmers and all of our investors. From
all of us here at Tyson Foods, we wish you a happy holiday season.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for attending
today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

TYSON FOODS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 16, 2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

