United Parcel Service, Inc. NYSE:UPS
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 30, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.08

2.13

Revenue  (mm)

17568.24

20459.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-30-2020 1:08 PM GMT

97.22

16.45

1.40

5.58

7.04

18272.69

74569.82

78597.62

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.06

2.11

1.23

1.08

2.07

2.11

1.15

2.13

0.49 %

0.00 %

(6.50 %)

97.22 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian Newman
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

Carol B. Tomé
CEO & Director

Scott Childress
VP & Investor Relations Officer

ANALYSTS

Allison Poliniak-Cusic
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Allison M. Landry
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Jack Lawrence Atkins
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Bascome Majors
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Benjamin John Hartford
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

David Griffith Ross
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Stephen, and I will be your facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone
to the UPS Investor Relations Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host. Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir,
the floor is yours.

Scott Childress
VP & Investor Relations Officer

Good morning, and welcome to the UPS Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Joining me today are Carol
Tome, our CEO; and Brian Newman, our CFO.

Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking
statements within the federal securities laws and address our expectation for the future performance
or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are
described in detail in our 2019 Form 10-K, subsequently filed Form 10-Qs and other reports we file with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor
Relations website and from the SEC.

During the quarter, GAAP results included a pretax charge of $112 million, equivalent to $0.10 on an
earnings per share. The charges resulted from transformation-related activities in the international
and U.S. domestic segments. In the prior year period, GAAP results included a pretax charge for
transformation cost of $21 million, equivalent to $0.02 on an earnings per share. Unless stated otherwise,
our comments will refer to adjusted results, which excludes transformation costs.

The webcast of today's call, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures are available on
the UPS Investor Relations website. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those
joining us via the teleconference. [Operator Instructions]

And now I'll turn the call over to Carol.

Carol B. Tomé
CEO & Director

Thank you, Scott, and good morning. I'm honored to be hosting my first UPS earnings call. Before I begin,
I would like to thank David Abney, who after 46 years of service to UPS, passed the baton to me on June
1. We wish David all the best.

UPS is a special company with a unique culture, powered by more than 528,000 UPSers around the
world. Through this time of global pandemic and social unrest, UPS is keeping the world moving. We
have taken measures to ensure the safety of our people while delivering critical shipments and everyday
essentials where and when they are needed. I am extremely proud of the efforts of our people to serve
our customers, our communities and each other. To all UPSers, thank you.

During the quarter, our team did a great job adjusting the network to respond to the needs of our
customers. At the beginning of the second quarter, we assumed demand would slow. Instead, we saw just
the opposite. Due to ongoing COVID-related sheltering in place, retail store closures and changes in U.S.
consumer spending fueled by the economic stimulus, we experienced unprecedented demand and record
high-volume levels. As a result, our second quarter performance was stronger than we expected.

Consolidated revenue rose 13.4% from last year to $20.5 billion. Operating profit grew 7.4% from last
year to $2.3 billion, led by outstanding results in the international segment. While our U.S. operating
margin declined by 170 basis points from last year, largely due to certain expense items that Brian will

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

explain, we were pleased with 580 basis points of sequential improvement from what we reported in the
first quarter.

Let me share with you how I've been spending my time since onboarding as CEO. I thought I knew UPS
after 17 years on the Board. But I've been diving in and believe me, when you get to dive deeper, this
company is even more impressive than I imagined. Our global network is best-in-class, and our people are
the hardest working people I've ever met. We also have many opportunities.

In our 113 year history, UPS has become a trusted global logistics leader. But what got us where we are
today will not get us to where we need to go in the future. Our customers are changing, our competitors
are changing, and the rate of change is accelerating. As we evaluate new market realities, we will be
making decisions faster based on data and analytics. With an emphasis on optimizing our existing network
and the investments we've made. We will have a laser focus on creating value for our shareowners, with
the goal of increasing the rates of return on the capital we invest. It's all about becoming better, not
bigger.

We have 5 core UPS principles that underpin our actions. Our first principle is our values. These values
were established by our founder, Jim Casey, and give us an enduring foundation for success. Our values
include integrity, safety, teamwork and service, and are the core of who we are and what we do.

Our second principle is our dividend, which is a hallmark of our financial strength. We are committed to
continuing nearly 50 years of stability and growth in the dividends we pay. Our third guiding principle is
retaining a strong investment-grade credit rating, ensuring that we have financial flexibility needed to
competitively run our business.

Next is brand relevance. And by relevance, we mean leading by example, taking actions to support our
customers and communities, promote diversity and inclusion, sponsor racial equality and shape a healthier
planet.

And finally, our fifth principle is the importance of employee ownership, which supports valuable and
lasting employee and retiree engagement. Outside of these 5 core principles, everything else in our
portfolio is under review, and I mean everything.

While it is early in the process, the good news is that we already have the right strategy in place.
Customer first, people-led, innovation-driven. Customer first is about removing friction when doing
business with UPS. Speeding up time and transit and improving the moments that matter, so we create
greater loyalty to be measured by gains in our Net Promoter Score. In support of this effort, we have
accelerated our plans to improve time in transit, making the U.S. ground network faster in thousands of
the most important lanes by the end of this year. Further, we are continuing our expansion of weekend
operations, including Sunday SurePost, and our market-leading Saturday commercial delivery and pickup
services.

Before our 2020 peak season, nearly 75% of the U.S. population will get Saturday ground residential
service. By our estimate, both our time in transit and weekend enhancements drove roughly $100 million
of incremental revenue in the second quarter.

People-led is at the core of our success, measured through the employee experience and specifically how
likely an employee is to recommend UPS as a place to work. We are focused on diversity and inclusion,
and fighting for racial justice and reform. I cannot say enough about the power of our people, including
the nearly 40,000 new UPSers we've added to our U.S. small package business in recent months. During
this time, we've provided additional sick leave benefits to UPSers who may have been impacted by
COVID-19. And to further invest in our full-time management teams for their extraordinary efforts, we are
providing additional financial incentives.

Moving to the last leg of our strategic platform. Innovation-driven will be measured by the value we
create for our shareowners. We will leverage our technology and portfolio of services to drive greater cash
generation and higher returns on invested capital.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Today, we are focused on increasing network efficiency, as well as more permanent actions to improve
revenue quality, including pricing that reflects the value we create. For example, on May 31, we introduced
new surcharges of certain volumes. We are developing specific actions and metrics against our strategic
efforts. And once finalized, we'll share them with you so that you can measure our progress.

Looking to the back half of the year. Most scenarios suggest continued uncertainty, which is likely to
yield a more gradual economic recovery. This is due in part to the recent surge in COVID-19 cases, new
containment measures and the status of fiscal stimulus programs. While we would expect continued
strong B2C demand, it's hard to know how our B2B demand will unfold. The recovery will continue to
be extremely difficult to predict until the spread of the virus is better controlled and a vaccine is widely
available.

I've led through difficult economic cycles before. And I know the power of making the right decisions to
pivot toward opportunity. Our leadership team is focused on enabling success for all UPSers and creating
value for our shareowners. We will control what we can control while taking action to write the next
chapter of the UPS story. We look forward to updating you on our progress.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.

Brian Newman
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thanks, Carol, and good morning. Today, I will discuss our quarterly performance and current trends
in our business, which the teams are navigating well. Before I start, I want to point out the expanded
disclosure in our web schedules. To improve transparency, we brought the 10-Q balance sheet and cash
flow statements forward and have included them in the materials release today.

Through the second quarter, we faced challenges from the coronavirus pandemic and resulting recession.
Global real GDP and global industrial production are estimated to be down 9.3% and 14.6%, respectively.
And in the U.S., real GDP and industrial production declined, with unemployment reaching historic highs.
In response, we adjusted our network to support our customers' needs, we managed cost and leaned into
3 significant changes in demand in the markets we serve.

First, our ability to shift air capacity to where it was needed, enabled us to meet the strong demand out of
Asia using both our own assets and asset-light solutions. We met the demand for more capacity by flying
about 635 extra flights, using both brown tail and third-party aircraft.

Next, during the quarter, the U.S. e-commerce market jumped 34.4%, and SMBs quickly adapted to
participate. In fact, through our digital access program, we captured 120,000 new customer accounts, a
significant increase from recent trends.

And finally, our health care expertise and global portfolio of services enabled us to meet the urgent need
for PPE and COVID-19 testing supplies, and provide support for vaccine and treatment studies, all of which
contributed to our results in each of our 3 segments.

For the quarter, consolidated revenue increased 13.4% to $20.5 billion. Net income rose 8.8% to $1.9
billion and operating profit totaled $2.3 billion or 7.4% higher than last year. The operating margin for the
company was 11.4%, below last year by 60 basis points. Diluted earnings per share was $2.13, up 8.7%
from the same period last year.

Now moving into the segments. In U.S. domestic, market demand for residential delivery surged in the
quarter, driving total average daily volume up to 21.1 million packages, an increase of 22.8%. SurePost
increased 96.6% and represented 53% of our total U.S. domestic volume growth. Volume approached
peak-like levels with May and June significantly above April. The surge created some network constraints
and some regional dips in service levels. However, the additional 39,000 employees we hired, together
with our expanded weekend operations enabled us to process the increase in volume. Ground residential
volume, excluding SurePost, was up 63.8%. Without exception, all industry sectors grew the residential
volume. In fact, B2C volume jumped 65.2% year-over-year, which is 5.8 million additional pieces per day,
and B2C represented 69% of total volume.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Conversely, given the downturn in the industrial sector, B2B volume declined 21.9% or 1.8 million pieces
per day from the same period last year. However, we did see B2B volume begin to recover in the quarter.
As a percentage of total volume, B2B shipments were 27% in early May. And at the end of the quarter,
B2B shipments had climbed to 37% of total U.S. volume. For some context, the full year 2019 split was
46% B2B.

While average daily volume growth was led by many of our larger customers, SMBs rebounded over the
quarter, from a decline of 7.2% in April to growth of 17.8% in May, and 22.4% in June. Revenue was
up 17.3% to $13 billion, driven primarily by ground products. Revenue per piece declined 4.4% or 440
basis points, driven by 2 significant factors. Lower fuel prices, which were a negative impact of 180 basis
points, and the magnitude of SurePost growth pulled revenue per piece down 410 basis points. Excluding
SurePost and the fuel surcharge, revenue per piece was higher than last year, and was also a sequential
improvement from the first quarter.

Our expenses increased in the quarter by 19.5% and were in line with activity levels, including volume
growth. Our expenses also include several items that we did not have last year, which I'll cover in a
moment.

Cost per piece was down 2.7% year-over-year and decreased sequentially 8.4%, driven by lower fuel
costs and our ability to scale and flex the network as volume surged.

The U.S. generated $1.2 billion in operating profit, which was $11 million or 0.9% below last year.
Operating margin declined 170 basis points year-over-year. However, sequential margins improved 580
basis points.

U.S. domestic operating profit includes the following expense items: Coronavirus direct expenses, minus
the Cares Act federal excise tax benefit lowered profit by $44 million; a lower pension discount rate
decreased profit by $63 million; additional employee incentives reduced profit by $51 million; and working
in our favor were lower fuel cost for a net fuel benefit of $61 million. We are operating in a very difficult
environment, and we have more work ahead of us to increase profit per piece, which was down 19.3% on
a year-over-year basis.

Moving forward, our focus is on improving network efficiency, optimizing the volume we bring in and
better aligning pricing with the value we provide.

Moving to International. I'd like to take a moment to congratulate our entire international team for
delivering a very strong quarter despite a tough operating environment. Our performance demonstrates
the agility of our global integrated network. Asia was the first region to face the pandemic and was also
the first to reopen, which led to a strong increase in export volume and revenue as we came out of the
first quarter. Asia outbound volume rose in April, peaked in May and moderated in June. Overall, Asia
outbound volume grew 46.8% in the quarter and went up by double digits to all major regions of the
world.

Total export volume grew 11.4%, driven by 2 factors. First, we quickly leaned into the opportunity created
by the reduction of passenger belly space. We also added capacity surcharges to help us manage demand.
In total, we added 335 flights and utilized our higher capacity fleet of 747 aircraft, which enabled us
to handle more volume on fewer flights versus other carriers in the market. The second factor was the
95% increase in residential volume, led by cross-border B2C in Europe, doubling our B2C volume while
expanding profits is an encouraging sign for the future. Revenue rose 5.7% to $3.7 billion. Revenue per
piece was down 3.9%, and included a decline of 480 basis points from fuel and 100 basis points from
currency. On the expense side, cost per piece declined 8.2%, primarily due to lower fuel cost and greater
network efficiencies. International generated operating profit of $842 million, an increase of 26.6%, and
our operating margin expanded 370 basis points.

Looking at supply chain and freight. Results across the business units were mixed. Total revenue grew
8.5% to $3.7 billion, and expense rose 9.4% to $3.4 billion. Profit declined $6 million or 2.2%.

In general, the parts of our business that align to sectors with elevated demand did very well. For
example, airfreight led the segment due to the surge in market rates out of Asia, sparked by the sharp

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

decline passenger belly space. The team was responsive to our customers' needs, including FEMA and
resourceful in securing about 300 charters out of Asia. We also saw gains from COVID testing and vaccine
and treatment studies.

The portions of the supply chain and freight segment more aligned to industrial activity saw weakness
during the quarter. LTL and truckload brokerage faced excess capacity and reduced demand early in the
quarter. Both markets began to see some recovery later in the quarter but remained under pressure.

Looking at the overall enterprise. UPS generated operating profit of $2.3 billion, up 7.4%. A few other
items on the income statement include: other pension income, which was $327 million driven by last
year's 17.5% return on pension assets and lower discount rates; we also had $183 million of interest
expense; and lastly, our effective tax rate came in at 25%, compared to 23.5% in the second quarter of
last year, and is higher mainly due to unfavorable changes in our uncertain tax positions.

Now let's turn to cash and shareholder returns. Our cash flow remains strong. For the first 6 months of the
year, we generated $5.9 billion in cash from operations and about $3.9 billion in free cash flow. Included in
our results is $370 million from the federal payroll tax deferral.

Capital investments totaled $2.1 billion in the first half of the year. We expect full year CapEx of $5.6
billion, and remain on track with our automation targets for this year. So far this year, UPS has distributed
$1.8 billion in dividends, which represents a 5.2% increase on a per-share basis over the same period last
year.

Now I'll make a few comments regarding the back half of the year. First, we remain unable to predict the
extent of the business impact or the duration of the coronavirus pandemic or reasonably estimate UPS
2020 revenue and diluted earnings per share.

There are, however, a few items that are likely to occur in the second half of the year that we want you
to know about. U.S. domestic average daily volume growth is expected to be lower than what we saw in
the second quarter. We expect demand for residential packages will continue in the U.S. and around the
world. We also expect Asia outbound demand and yields to be positive year-over-year but will continue to
moderate versus the second quarter.

For modeling purposes, our Teamster employees will get their annual wage increase in August. And in the
third quarter of 2019, we had a $40 million gain on the land sale in the International segment that will not
repeat. And in the second half of 2020, U.S. domestic will face difficult year-over-year comps, including
the impact of our new hires anticipated to receive full benefits, time in transit and weekend operations
expense preceding the full run rate of revenue and other gains from last year that will not repeat.

The economic recovery remains uncertain. We are paying close attention to the consumer financial health,
unemployment levels and the continuation of fiscal stimulus programs. Given all these factors, the U.S.
domestic margin could be lower in the second half of the year relative to the first half. International supply
chain and freight will continue to adapt to market dynamics. Meanwhile, as Carol said, we will focus on
controlling what we can control. Among the positive and negative effects ahead of us, we remain confident
in our ability to improve U.S. margins on a long-term basis. Our liquidity is very strong. We ended the
quarter with more than $8 billion in cash and equivalents on the balance sheet, which is enabling us to
invest through this unique environment and navigate the economic uncertainty.
Thank you, and operator, please open the lines.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of David Ross of Stifel.

David Griffith Ross
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

And Carol, you picked a good call to start off with. I wanted to see how you guys are thinking about peak
season. In the quarter, you talked about a mini peak or peak-like conditions where you had some network
constraints. If some of that strength continues, and then we have on top of that, a holiday surge, how
are you talking about it with your customers? What are you thinking about it from a network investment
standpoint? Any bottlenecks that may emerge there?

Carol B. Tomé
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks for the question on peak. As the leadership team, we've agreed we are going to have an
outstanding peak season. I participated in my first peak planning committee several weeks after I joined
the company, and very impressed by how we are planning to manage through what could be a very peaky
season. It's about making sure that we've got our network aligned both on the high end and on the low
end because it's uncertain out there. So we're building an optionality in terms of how we're going to run
the network. And then Kate, with her team, they're talking to our customers, customer-by-customer and
how we will best manage through peak.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group, Wolf Research.

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

And congrats, Carol. So first, if you can just clarify the second half margin comment, is that lower than the
second quarter or lower than the full first half? And then just, Carol, just bigger picture. I wanted to just
get your perspective on how you're thinking about the growth algorithm for UPS in the U.S. business. So
the last few years, it's been volume outpacing revenue and margins falling. Do you think we see more or
less volume growth going forward than what we've seen? You've historically talked about 2% to 3% price,
does that meaningfully change? And then, I guess, do you think you can -- when do you think you can get
back to a double-digit margin? I know there's a lot there, but any perspective would be great.

Carol B. Tomé
CEO & Director

Yes, absolutely happy to share some perspective. As Brian said, it's -- our operating margin in the U.S.
domestic business could be lower in the back half of the year than what we reported in the first half of
the year. Lot of uncertainty in the marketplace, of course, but we thought it was helpful for Brian to kick
out some of the expense-related items that we're pretty sure will happen because we're not terribly sure
about the demand side.

Now with longer term, this is where we're very excited about what we're going to do with our company.
In my prepared remarks, I talked about -- it's all about being better, not bigger. What do I mean by that?
Well, just a couple of things. This may be a longer-winded answer than you're looking for, but I'll go ahead
and take the opportunity to share with you what I mean by that and what we mean by that. First, we are
an engineering-driven company. You would expect us to be. But like any company who is 113 years old,
we've overengineered much of what we've done, and I'll give you an example of that. Depending on how
you define products, we have between 400 and 500 products. We kicked off a task force to say, "really,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

really?" Are we selling all of those products?" Because when you think about it, if you have between 400
and 500 products, you have to build systems and technology to support those products.

You have to build accountants to account for those products. You have to have auditors who audit for
those products. Then you have to have salespeople who sell those products. As we looked at it, and it's
very early days, we found that last year, there were over 100 of those products that we didn't even sell.
So we're going to rationalize our product offering to make it simpler for our customers and reduce expense
here.

As we think about optimizing the network, to your specific question on volume, it's about being better, not
bigger. What we have done in the past is built capacity or bought capacity in the hope that demand would
follow. And we would take demand at any cost or any price, if you will, not necessarily nutritive demand.

So let me give you an example of a change that we've just launched this year. We love our air fleet. And
in fact, about 11% of our air fleet are wide-body planes, these are 747 planes, and we took advantage of
those wide-bodies in the second quarter. We were able to fly demand out of Asia to the very effective cost
because they were wide-bodies. We didn't have to fly as many planes. So we had an opportunity to buy
more of those 747s because they're coming out of production.

And the question that we asked ourselves is, "Well, won't that create excess capacity?" And, "won't we
find not only to fill that capacity at perhaps nonnutritive ways?" And the answer to that question was, yes.
So we passed on that investment, that in the past, we might have made. So we're going to really look
to sweat the assets that we have to get more off of that investment that we've made over time. We will
look to pivot the customer and the way we go-to-market to optimize the network, and I hope that answers
your question.

Operator

Chris Wetherbee of Citi.

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. I really wanted to kind of make sure I understood sort of how that answer pertains to sort of profit
growth on the domestic side. So lots of revenue, lots of demand as it stands right now. Is there a clear
path and maybe the next couple of quarters, maybe not necessarily the third quarter, to see profit growth
in the context of the revenue growth that we're seeing because the revenue is obviously spectacular in the
second quarter on the domestic side, we actually saw profits down a little bit. So I just wanted to kind of
get a sense of what are the sort of steps that you need to take to be able to get that profit to grow in line
with the revenue at least closer?

Carol B. Tomé
CEO & Director

Yes. The easy way to think about profit growth is, of course, with pricing increases. And as you know, we
did take some surcharge increases at the end of May. But it's much more than pricing. It's really about
optimizing the network and leaning into the customer segments that value the end-to-end network that
we offer. And one of those segments is small and medium-sized businesses. And you heard Brian talk
about the growth that we saw in that space in the second quarter, up 11%. As I look at our small and
medium-sized customer base, we divide it into 4 big segments, D1 through D4, that's based on customer
size.

Our D1 and D2 customer segments, we've got pretty good market share there. But in D3 and D4, we
are underpenetrated relative to our competitors. We have an opportunity to grow into that space, but we
need some enabling capabilities. The number one enabling capability to grow into that space is time in
transit. So when I came on to the company and I looked at our time in transit activities, we used to call
that Panthera, we now called it our fastest time -- our fastest ground ever.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

I saw that we were planning to conclude that investment in June of 2021. I ask the team, "Well, what's
getting in the way? What's getting the way of going faster?", and they said, "Money." I'm like, "Well, we've
got money." So we'll accelerate the investment. We pull that investment into 2020. We will complete time
in transit by October of this year. And that's a big deal because 46% of our SMB customers or potential
customers tell us time in transit is the #1 thing on their mind. When we're done, we will be at parity or
better in 20 of the 25 markets that matter in the U.S.

We will reach 90% of the U.S. population in 3 days, 75% of the U.S. population will have Saturday
delivery. And then, of course, we have Sunday delivery through our SurePost product. This matters.

And why am I focusing on SMB? Because the SMB customer values our end-to-end network, and they pay
us for it. As we think about leaning into SMBs, it's not just about time in transit, however, it's also about a
better customer experience. This goes back to being better, not bigger. We had a couple of pilots that we
launched to really understand that customer and what their wants, needs and desires were. We listened
to them. We operationalized what they wanted. And in the pilots, we saw a 2 percentage point reduction
in churn. Now that matters because in this segment, for every reduction in churn, it's $170 million in
revenue. And that revenue is a much better quality than other revenue.

So as we think about moving the U.S. operating margin up, there's a real opportunity to lean into a
different customer segment and to make sure that we're getting value for the services we provide. That's
on the revenue side, but I must talk about the cost side, too, for a moment because we have opportunities
there as well. We've talked to you in the past about Transformation 1.0, and we're well down the path of
Transformation 1.0.

And in fact, if you look at it, life-to-date, on a net basis after investing, we have delivered over $1
billion of savings in Transformation 1.0. That's on a cumulative basis. If you tax effect that and you see
outstanding shares, it's about $0.95 of EPS on a cumulative basis.

We're not done. Productivity and efficiency must be the hallmark of UPS. So we have initial plans for
Transformation 2.0 and 3.0, which when they are finalized, we will share those with you. We also are using
technology to drive productivity and efficiency in our operations. And I can just give you a comment on
how we're seeing that perform. We've talked to you in the past about Orion. We have Orion 3.0 out. We're
seeing a reduction in the miles that our drivers are driving and a reduction in the per piece cost.

Now we're -- this is virtuous, it's continuous, but the combination of rightsizing the revenue and driving
productivity and efficiency gives us a path to drive operating margin expansion in the U.S. This is a big
company to turn. You can't do it overnight. But if you look through 2020 into '21 and beyond, you should
expect the margin to start to go in the right direction.

Operator

Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs.

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

International may have had its strongest margin quarter ever. And I know there are obviously outsized
gains in Asia and what have you. I'm just curious how do we think about the longer-term margin in
international or maybe even as we move forward from here given the strong performance in the second
quarter?

Carol B. Tomé
CEO & Director

Yes. We were thrilled with our performance in our international segment, and we expect them to have a
very good back half as well. That model is a very different model than the one we run inside the United
States. It's an asset-light, outside service provider model. So the margins will always be stronger outside
the United States than they are inside the United States. And we view that as a competitive opportunity
for us, candidly. We've identified 10 growth markets that we will grow into. We'll be updating you as

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

those opportunities present themselves. In the second quarter, we did enter into an alliance with a firm
in Mexico. We're very excited about that because that's 1 of our top 10 growth markets. And we will now
have leading capabilities in Mexico, both inside Mexico and exporting out. So look for good things to come
out of our international segment.

Brian Newman
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

And Jordan, if I can just add, the B2C growth in Europe in the quarter or in international in the quarter
was up 95%. And so I think the combination of the shift towards B2C and our ability to expand margins
was another proof point of why we're confident in that model.

Operator

Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley.

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Carol, would love if you could share any learnings or takeaways from your prior stent as CFO at an e-
commerce/consumer, retail-focused company that it can bring to UPS. And also in the context of customer
concentration, you have a pretty large number one customer? Kind of what are your thoughts on that?
And how do you see that evolving over time?

Carol B. Tomé
CEO & Director

I'm happy to do so. First, let me talk about my learnings during the last recession, which was a housing-
led recession. My former employer, we felt it hard. They lost 25% of the top line during that recession.
2 key learnings during that time. One, invest through the crisis. No better opportunity if you have the
financial wherewithal to do so to invest through the crisis so that when things settle down, you are
positioned to take share. And that's what we're doing with time in transit. Our time in transit investment
this year is $750 million. We could have canceled that. But we said, "No, we're going to pull that forward,
and we're going to invest through the crisis."

My second learning is to invest in your people. Now it doesn't mean that you don't have fewer people in
a downturn. But for those people that you have, you need to invest in. And if you look at our population
of UPSers, actually, we're down in supply chain and freight, as you would expect, because the demand
softened up there.

But for the people who are left behind, we are investing in them because it creates loyalty and better
experience and better service for our customers. So we're investing in incentives for our people, we've
been promoting people. It pays huge dividends if you stay true to your people. Those are very good
learnings in a downturn.

Learnings as a retailer is that when cost increases come your way, if you are a large retailer, you can pass
those cost increases across the SKU base, and the customers don't know. So while retailers may squawk
at price increases that come their way, large retailers have a way to spread that across and nobody
knows. So there's an opportunity here on the pricing side to do what we need to do.

From a customer concentration perspective, I looked at our top 20 customers and their performance in
the second quarter. And of those top 20 customers, all but 1 grew. The only one that didn't grow was
government, and I can't tell you why, but it didn't grow. But if I look at our top 20 customers who are
retailers, who are predominantly store-based retailers, who, when they're stores closed and demand
shifted online -- well, for those customers, they had triple-digit growth in the second quarter. Our largest
customers did not have triple-digit growth. So that gives you some perspective on how we manage
through customer concentration and how we're thinking about optimizing the portfolio long term.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo.

Allison Poliniak-Cusic
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

You had mentioned or talked about a little bit about the mix between B2B and B2C. But within B2C, could
you talk about any mix challenges that you faced in the quarter and how they may have progressed? That
could have hindered margins there as well?

Carol B. Tomé
CEO & Director

Well, maybe I'll start. Brian, you can chime in. I just looked at our ground business. And we break our
ground business into 4 segments. There's 100 weight in commercial, so that's more industrial. Then
there's ground resi, which is going to be predominantly B2C and SurePost.

If I look at the profitability of ground resi, which now makes up 44% of our total ground business in
the U.S., the profitability was up year-on-year. We're taking actions actually to drive profitability in the
business. And Brian, do you want to add any more color to that?

Brian Newman
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. Just -- as we peel that business apart, I think I had mentioned it in my script, but as we extract the
SurePost product, it gives us encouraging signs for the underlying pricing health of the business within
B2C because pricing, if you exclude SurePost, Carol, and fuel, we were up 1.5%, and that's better than
the last 3 or 4 quarters. So it's encouraging signs for how we're managing B2C.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer.

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

A curious, I know the visibility is not great, but specifically in B2B, U.S. and frankly, everywhere, just
how did you see that evolve through the quarter? What are you seeing into this quarter? How are you
managing and competitively positioning to try and be well positioned as, hopefully, that comes back? And
then the discussion of end markets that are particularly strong or weak over in that category.

Brian Newman
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

So maybe I'll take that one, Scott, and Carol can chime in. The B2B growth was down 22% in the quarter.
In terms of the evolution, we actually saw that number get better. It was still down overall, but April, May,
June, as it progressed. We started the quarter down 38%, got a little better, down 20%, finished June
at down 8%. In terms of how we're seeing it play out in the next quarter that we're holding at about the
June levels, down 9-ish in the month of July as we think about the B2B business.

So SMBs, which we're also very focused, on they were up 11% in the quarter. So as we think about our
small and medium businesses, we're seeing those June trends of growth continue into July in the high
teens range.

Carol, anything to add?

Carol B. Tomé
CEO & Director

I think the stability, invest new, me it's not getting worse. Not getting better, but it's not getting worse on
the pure B2B.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan.

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just had one on capacity in U.S. domestic. With this type of volume, essentially at the same holiday peak
because a couple of years ago, how close is the U.S. network to maxing out capacity? I know you said you
expect volumes to moderate a bit in the back half of the year. But can you focus on revenue quality to help
some of that moderation? Or do you think there's a multiyear potential capital investment program around
the corner? I guess, in general, can you just talk about what you think of the capital intensity rather of
incremental B2C from here in the U.S.?

Carol B. Tomé
CEO & Director

So again, our theme is better, not bigger. Optimizing the capacity that we have. And we have capacity to
handle the peak volume that we are anticipating this year. There are capacity constraints in the United
States, which gives the opportunity to manage through with pricing. Also, opportunities to manage
with our customers. As a former retailer, I know this very well. How to manage through when you have
promotions, how long you have promotions, how you use your store base, how you use our access points.
Don't forget that we have over 15,000 access points that we -- can be used to address the capacity issue.
So we are feeling very good about peak this year. And as we look forward, it's about rightsizing, optimizing
the investments that we had before we think about continued investments in capital. It's about being
better, not bigger.

Brian Newman
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

Carol, maybe I'll just add on the CapEx piece. We spent the last 3 years building capacity and automation.
And so we're now reaching 85% in the U.S. system. So we feel pretty good about our ability to manage
that volume. And as we're not chasing any volume or any package at any price, we think we'll be selective
in terms of what goes through the network.

Operator

Ben Hartford of Baird.

Benjamin John Hartford
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Carol, just interested in your perspective on the multiyear transformation efforts. What you may or may
not change, what you like or don't like about what's been undertaken to date? And just the pathway as
you kind of finish up here over the next 1.5 years? And related to that, maybe, Brian, could you provide
any perspective on the previous guidance that you had provided in terms of the incremental EPS benefit
by 2022 of $1 to $1.20? Where that may sit given some of the changes here, particularly year-to-date?
And what changes or improvements could come to affect that number?

Carol B. Tomé
CEO & Director

Well, on Transformation 1.0, I think that's what you're referring to. We began that in 2018. And on a gross
basis, like to date, recognized $2.5 billion of savings. We have reinvested a good piece of that. On a net
basis, $1.1 billion in savings. And tax affected, it's about $0.95 of EPS on a cumulative basis. That's not
enough, candidly. It's great. Take credit for that. It's not enough. We have initiatives underway. We're
calling it Transformation 2.0 and 3.0 to drive continued productivity and efficiency in our company.

Part of this will be enabled by technology. We are moving from a company, as an example. That what was
really stuck in a static business logic environment. And that resulted in a lot of overhead, doing a lot of
reports, looking through the rearview mirror to drive the company. We're moving to analytical decision

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

science, as Juan and his team, built out our digital factory, and that's going to free up productivity. That
will absolutely free up productivity.

Until this year, believe it or not, we only had 2 IT releases a year. We now are moving into a continuous
release as we move into a more agile environment. And that's critically important in terms of taking
cost out of this company. We used to code everything ourselves, and every application running on a
mainframe. We now only have 4 applications running on our mainframes, and we're moving everything up
to the cloud. We have 25 systems or applications in the cloud, another 20 in flight and more to do. This
will get rid of some of the tech debt that we carry and free up expense dollars. There's a lot going on in
the ability to transform the way we run our business.

The thing that I've observed that haven't quite cracked and we're quite good at, we want to get that have
absolutely no leverage in our custom. And activity on us, go to our hours. We need to drive more leverage
in our payroll, given it's the largest expense that we have. Now IT will help with that, and it certainly has
helped, but we need to double down on how we can automate the inside of our facilities to drive more
productivity. For example, I recently saw an automated label application by a robot. It was pretty cool.
It's not ready for prime time. The cost curve isn't right, but it was pretty cool because the productivity of
that arm was about 50% higher than a human being. So imagine what we could do if we could drive some
productivity and leverage in our payroll, it would be transformative. So expect to hear us talk about that
over time.

Brian Newman
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

And just to follow-up, I think Carol answered it, by to the second half of your question on the $1 to $1.10.
We're approaching $1. We have a year left in that Transformation 1.0 program. So we're on track to
deliver. I think the more exciting focus now is Transformation 2.0 and 3.0, how do we really change the
game on a profit per piece, linking back to the productivity?

Operator

Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche.

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Carol, congrats on the appointment of CEO. If this sounds like it's PSR for UPS, which may be the case,
just in that context, I was hoping you can expand on the commentary of excess costs that can be
removed. Is it $500 million? Is it $1 billion? Just any sense of how much is being left on the table, so to
speak, because of the overengineering and whatever -- the commentary you just mentioned actually.

And how fast can you adjust the cost structure given the size and scope of UPS? And then also, if capacity
and capital is a big focus area for you, should we expect near-term cuts in CapEx intensity? Capital
spending for UPS is, I don't need to tell you, has decreased $5 billion in the last 4 years, but the domestic
margins have contracted 500 basis points. So is that something we should also expect? If you can address
those points, please?

Carol B. Tomé
CEO & Director

Yes. I'm happy to do so. TSR for UPS is the name of the game. We are all in. And as a leadership team,
this is what we talk about as we get together on a weekly, hourly basis. How can we get more out of the
assets that we have invested? So thank you for mentioning that. I came to UPS for a few reasons: one,
because I love this company; two, because I want to make an impact on the people; and three, I want to
get the stock price moving. It's all about creating value for our shareholders.

And you do that through effective capital allocation. It starts with how you allocate capital. And I will say
that we have not gotten the returns that we should have delivered on some of the capital investments that
we made. For all whole kinds of reasons, and it's not -- we don't need to look back for those reasons. But
looking forward, it's just -- we're going to have a different lens on how we allocate capital.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

As we've talked this morning, I gave an example of not buying aircraft to have excess capacity, that would
have been value-destroying. So we opted not to make that capital investment. We will get the network
righted before we think about investing more dollars in the network. That suggests lower capital intensity
going forward.

To your question about, "Well, okay, great, I get the capital, which is the denominator side, how do you
fix the numerator or how much cost can you take out? I guess, you're going to fix the revenue, how are
you going to get the cost out?" I don't like anything unless it starts with a b because it's just not worth our
time. We're focusing on the wildly important tier. So if it's not worth -- it's not -- doesn't start with a B,
we're not doing it. So that gives you a sense of the cost that we're looking to take out.

Operator

Allison Landry of Crédit Suisse.

Allison M. Landry
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So I wanted to ask a little bit more about a follow-up question on the conversation of capital efficiency and
specifically, your thoughts on the returns on incremental invested capital. So I mean, you mentioned that
at least for the near to midterm, [indiscernible] try to more with less and actually translaten into perhaps,
some lower CapEx levels. But as maybe you think about longer term and what could be the requirements
of the business or that technology or something else feeding up the network. I mean, do you think relative
to what UPS has historically delivered from a return on incremental invested capital standpoint, can you
get back to maybe prior peak? Or is that not the right way to looking at going forward? So any thoughts
on capital efficiency would be great.

Brian Newman
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

Allison, maybe I'll start that. From a return on invested capital, look, we've gone down about 400 basis
points as we look back the last couple of years on ROIC. We're very focused on moving that in the
opposite direction, moving it up. We're down in the low 20s right now. I think you're referring to the peak
where we were in the high 20s. It will take some time to get back in towards that trajectory, but there's
a base level of CapEx that we're going to need to spend, call it, $2.5 billion to $3 billion on maintenance,
and that's ongoing. But everything above that, that we've been spending on capacity and growth is getting
looked at through a different lens. And Carol alluded to it, from a TSR, we're very focused on the cash
returns and looking at the annual payback and how long the payback is. So I think you can look for us to
drive improved ROIC. I think the pace -- we'll give you some more clarity on that when we come out with
guidance. Carol, would you add anything?

Carol B. Tomé
CEO & Director

The only thing I would add is that value is defined by what the customer is willing to pay for. And if we're
spending on capital on enabled capabilities or services or products that they're not willing to pay for, I
don't know why we would spend the capital. So we are bringing a different lens. Value is defined by what
the customers want to pay for.

Operator

Ken Hoexter of Bank of America.

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Carol, again, congrats and welcome. And Brian, look forward to working with you both. You mentioned,
just really quickly, you mentioned the weaker domestic in the second half. You mentioned some longer-
term thoughts on international. Did I hear you say that international will stay at these levels in the second
half? I just want to clarity on that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

And then digging into the second half domestic margins. Brian, is that time in transit? Is that -- are these
kind of the start-up costs and that's going away? Or are you looking maybe, Carol, your thoughts on your
long-term thoughts on getting back to that double-digit margin? Or is it beyond that given these moves
you're talking about?

Brian Newman
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

So Ken, thanks for the question. The -- I'll start with the domestic piece in terms of the back half. Yes,
Carol alluded to the investments in time in transit, and we think that's a critical investment to continue to
invest to drive the service for our customers and speed up time in transit. We've got a handful of one-off
items that I think I alluded to. There's a land sale, fuel excise tax, management incentive. Those are all
laps, but they add up to a couple of hundred million dollars. So it's a meaningful number. There's also a
benefit catch up in terms of expense. We put on about 40,000 heads to handle the volume surge in the
second quarter. So that will be coming back in terms of benefits. If your full time, your benefits kick in
at 30 days. If your part-time, it kicks in about 6 months. So you'll see those creep up. But that's why I
provided the caution on the back half of the year. Longer term, though, I think the steps we're taking will
drive the overall improvement in domestic margins.

On the international side, I think you saw a large peak in the middle of the quarter coming out of Asia with
the additional flights. And so I think that would moderate balance of the year. And Ken, as we've talked
before, I think the focus in international, it's on EBIT dollars because I think the team really have an
opportunity to drive their share at those elevated margin levels. So margin may not stay at this level. But
as you think about the future, EBITDA will, and there's certainly 2x a domestic margin is a very attractive
growth. Carol, anything to add on domestic and international?

Carol B. Tomé
CEO & Director

Just perhaps on the growth side. Our volume will be up in the back half. It's just the growth rates won't
be the same. And I just want to make sure we're really clear on that. I don't want to have any confusion
there. And on the international side, I think our margin will be quite healthy in that side as well. Yes.

Operator

Jack Atkins of Stephens.

Jack Lawrence Atkins
Stephens Inc., Research Division

So I just wanted to focus on the growth that you're seeing within B2B and e-commerce in your
international markets and maybe e-commerce adoption in international markets as well. To what degree
is this potentially a headwind to profitability and margins internationally, as we sort of look forward as we
sort of see e-commerce and B2C grow there? Or are there some differences in terms of how that market is
structured or how your network is structured that would make that not the case?

Carol B. Tomé
CEO & Director

Yes. Our international business is quite different than the domestic business. It's an asset-light outside
service provider in many of the markets in which we serve. We actually like this cross-border opportunity
to grow B2C business, and the margins are quite healthy.

Operator

Our final question will come from the line of Bascome Majors of Susquehanna.

Bascome Majors
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Yes. Carol, in your 17 years on the UPS Board, you've witnessed several substantial changes in the
competitive landscape for the company. And you've been part of steering the Board's strategy to bring in
some more outside perspectives in the senior management, which has certainly seemed to reach a new
level, appointing you as CEO here.

Can you give the investors some Board-level perspective on that evolution in thinking on UPS' historic
strategy from promoting with -- promoting from within? And any thoughts on where the cultural shift that
UPS is headed over the next several years with you at the helm?

Carol B. Tomé
CEO & Director

Yes. We are a big believer as a Board in the company's culture because we think it is a competitive point
of differentiation. As the Board looked at CEO succession, they came up with a qualification, if you will, of
what the next CEO should possess. In terms of experience, in terms of just knowledge in certain areas.
And they map that up against both internal and external candidates. Obviously, I wasn't part of that, but
there was a Search Committee that was formed, and they looked at here are the qualifications of the next
CEO, and they looked at our internal team as well as external team and decided to go outside for the role,
and I was delighted that they asked me to take the role. It's because of the time that we're in.

If I look to the future of UBS, my goal is to get CEO succession-ready candidate. So then when it's time
for me to move on and actually retire because I have to retire, but when it's time for me to move on,
we have ready-now candidates inside the company to promote. A big believer in investing in people to
help them get to their highest potential whatever it may be. So don't expect to see a big cultural shift
just because I came in for this time, and I am delighted to be here. It's an awesome leadership team.
They're in the room with me today, giving me support -- just we're answering your questions. We really do
appreciate all the thoughtful questions that came to Brian and me today. So thank you for that. And Scott,
I'll turn it back to you.

Scott Childress
VP & Investor Relations Officer
Final comments. We just want to thank you for joining us today. We wish you a very good remainder of
your day, and then we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. And that concludes the call. Thank
you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

