UnitedHealth Group Incorporated 

NYSE:UNH
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 14, 2020 12:45 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

3.08

3.51

13.96

2.62

16.53

-

18.52

Revenue  (mm)

63965.28

65115.00

1.80

64389.30

253961.71

262000.00

277450.68

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-14-2020 1:05 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

3.78

3.65

5.24

3.08

3.90

3.72

7.12

3.51

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3.17 %

1.92 %

35.88 %

13.96 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian Robert Thompson
Chief Executive Officer of
UnitedHealthcare Government
Programs

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

Dirk C. McMahon
Executive VP & CEO of
UnitedHealthcare

John Prince
Chief Executive Officer

John F. Rex
Executive VP & CFO

Timothy John Noel
Chief Executive Officer of
UnitedHealthcare Medicare &
Retirement

Timothy Mark Spilker
Chief Executive Officer of
UnitedHealthcare Community &
State

Wyatt W. Decker
Chief Executive Officer of
OptumHealth

ANALYSTS

Albert J. William Rice
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Frank George Morgan
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Gary Paul Taylor
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Joshua Richard Raskin
Nephron Research LLC

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

Lance Arthur Wilkes
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Sarah Elizabeth James
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Scott J. Fidel
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the UnitedHealth Group Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. A
question-and-answer session will follow UnitedHealth Group's prepared remarks. As a reminder, this call is
being recorded.

Here is some important introductory information. This call contains forward-looking statements under U.S.
federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results
to differ materially from historical experience or present expectations. A description of some of the risks
and uncertainties can be found in the reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
including the cautionary statements included in our current and periodic filings.

This call will also reference non-GAAP amounts. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP to GAAP amounts is
available on the Financial and Earnings Reports section of the company's Investor Relations page at
www.unitedhealthgroup.com. Information presented on this call is contained in the earnings release
we issued this morning and in our Form 8-K dated October 14, 2020, which may be accessed from the
Investor Relations page of the company's website.

I will now turn the conference over to the Chief Executive Officer of UnitedHealth Group, Mr. David
Wichmann. Please go ahead, sir.

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. The past 9 months have hopefully provided you a
window into both the values and capabilities of this organization and how they enable us to serve our
customers, patients, care providers, team members and their families and you, our investors, in a period
of unprecedented challenge. I'm fortunate to witness up close the exceptional work of our team every day,
an innovative, growing and highly adaptable enterprise driven by the compassion, expertise and restless
spirit of our 325,000 people, over 120,000 of them providing care on the front lines.

Our collective experiences over this year have made us an even more deeply committed and energized
organization about our potential to help advance the next-generation health system, one which is fair,
affordable, simpler and effective. Our team combines the vision with sharp focus on day-to-day execution,
delivering strong, well-balanced results across the enterprise.

Third quarter adjusted earnings were $3.51 per share, with the decline from the year ago quarter,
reflecting the swift customer and consumer support actions we committed to from the very beginning of
the COVID-19 pandemic. Based upon this performance and forward estimate of pandemic impacts, we
are updating our full year 2020 adjusted earnings outlook to a range of $16.50 to $16.75 per share. In
this, we remain committed to ensuring any financial imbalances arising from the pandemic are addressed
proactively and fairly for those we serve. We have done this consistently over this period even as the
ultimate outcomes remain unclear as the timeliness of relief to our stakeholders is critical. Service,
fairness and performance with a long-term view, this is what you can continue to expect from us.

You should also expect this enterprise will apply its innovative spirit to contribute in new and different
ways as our capabilities expand and circumstances require. We have partnered on and led clinical trials,
helping resolve the nation's critical PPE and PCR supply chain issues and enabling more rapid testing at
considerable scale while keeping the health workforce safe.

We are supporting state testing operations in California, New Jersey, North Carolina and Indiana and
contact tracing in New York City. We are supporting the Mayo Clinic's development of convalescent plasma
and some of the most promising vaccine and antibody trials. We have helped enable the workforce safety
through the development of ProtectWell, a protocol processing technology to enable the safety of the
health workforce as well as the safe opening of businesses, schools and nursing homes.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

We're working to assist with employees' health coverage transitions through our GetCovered campaign,
now being offered by employers to assist people who have lost their job. We provided $2 billion in
liquidity relief for the health system. And our customers and consumers will realize over $3 billion in
premium and cost-sharing relief, including $1 billion in estimated rebates. We have contributed more $100
million of financial support and 6 million pounds of meals for communities suffering from food insecurity,
homelessness and health disparities.

These efforts are possible because we operate a capable set of businesses and capacities that are leading
the development of the next-generation health system and expanding our opportunities to serve. Today,
I'd like to give you a brief sense of this work.

Early in the pandemic, we quickly enabled Optum physicians and the physicians of UnitedHealthcare's
most vulnerable patients to adapt and expand rapidly to meet the needs of millions of patients for care
of chronic and emerging conditions. This included advancing telehealth by creating direct connections
between patients and their own physicians, a critical element to highly effective digital health, ensuring
adoption will extend well beyond this crisis. So far this year, OptumCare physicians have facilitated 1
million digital clinical visits directly with their patients, and we are rapidly developing a proprietary set
of distinctive tools and aligning our clinical practices to further develop and amplify this capability. I'm
sure you can see how advancing modern telehealth fits into our overall strategy to build high-performing
systems of care.

Our growing therapeutics capacities are positively impacting the management of chronic diseases. With
the introduction of Level2, a digital therapy developed to improve the lives of the 30 million people with
type 2 diabetes, we are helping patients move toward remission of the disease. Level2 uniquely measures
signals and applies artificial intelligence, engaging people and producing better health outcomes. You can
expect more digital therapeutics from us in the coming months and years.

Our growing capacities are especially apparent within our OptumCare platform where 53,000 physicians
across 1,500 local patient-centered facilities served nearly 20 million patients, over 3.5 million of these
in some form of risk arrangements with 1.3 million Medicare Advantage or duly eligible members under
global capitation.

OptumCare created substantial value by building a deeper clinician-patient relationship and by leveraging
data and artificial intelligence to enable our clinical model to intercept and treat disease early and
proactively, leading to better health outcomes, value and industry-leading patient experiences. Our
patients experience safer, healthier, more fulfilling lifestyles, spending 1/3 fewer days per year on average
in a hospital bed and 40% fewer days in a skilled nursing facility than patients supported by traditional
Medicare fee-for-service. Moreover, our most advanced care delivery practices deliver this high-quality
care at upwards of 40% lower cost than the equivalent traditional Medicare benefit with the value fully
reflected in improved benefits and lower costs for seniors, all at world-class NPS scores in the mid-70s.

Improving clinical success of Optum's senior care offerings supports our considerable growth goals for
OptumCare and also demonstrates the longer-term potential to greatly benefit consumers and commercial
offerings. We have been building this platform for over a decade now and expect it to continue to grow at
strong, double-digit rates for years to come.

Another aspect of a modern, next-generation health system is managing the specialized and costly
medications of the future in a way which works for patients, clinicians, employers and payers. Our
OptumRx integrated specialty solution brings a total approach to managing complex conditions across both
the medical and pharmacy benefits where we are able to generate up to $37,000 in annual savings per
patient by employing clinically appropriate care at more convenient, lower-cost sites.

This approach is enabled by Optum's growing footprint of integrated community pharmacies, which will
grow by over 60 centers in 2020. And the number of patients served with our infusion services will grow at
double-digit rates. We expect this to be another durable growth trend given the much safer and clinically
equivalent patient experience.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

We see OptumRx as continuing to transform to be a leader in pharmacy care services. But differently,
we believe the value people and the system from pharmacy care services resides in managing personal
engagement in health, not just supply chain management. This plays to our strength and will increasingly
contribute to the growth of OptumRx in the years ahead.

UnitedHealthcare continues to focus on the varied needs of health care consumers. In the next-
generation health system, we expect consumer benefits to become increasingly customized to meet these
needs as people search for solutions which are simple, affordable and help enable quality outcomes.
UnitedHealthcare has seen strong reception to our expanding suite of highly tailored and affordable
individual coverages. This year alone, the number of people we serve with individual health coverage
has grown by 15%. Likewise, in employer-sponsored coverage, our growing set of consumer-centered,
innovative and flexible offerings, such as Bind, All Savers and physician aligned plans, such as Harmony in
Southern California, are gaining traction with membership in these offerings having grown over 50% this
year.

We know many of you are interested in the annual Medicare Advantage enrollment period, which opens
tomorrow. The 2021 benefit year will be UnitedHealthcare's largest Medicare Advantage footprint
expansion in 5 years, reaching an additional 3.2 million people and nearly 300 additional counties. We
are emphasizing what we know seniors are looking for this year even more than ever: stability and value.
Premiums for most people we serve will be flat or reduced, and nearly 2.5 million people will have no
premium at all.

We continue to innovate our product offerings with all Medicare Advantage plans featuring 0 copay
primary care digital health visits and the expansion of our personal support services, such as an annual
clinical health assessment delivered in a senior's home and, for many, the assignment of a dedicated
UnitedHealthcare navigator. We expect strong growth in individual MA. And when combined with our
group Medicare gains, 2021 is shaping up to be another year of market-leading growth. We also expect
continued growth in Medicaid due to transitions in coverage and net new market gains and are looking
forward to a record RFP season as we seek to serve more people in more geographies.

What I've described for you this morning is a sampling the initiatives we are pursuing today to help lead
in the development of the next-generation health system, a health system that works better for everyone:
those who experience care, those who provide care and those who pay for care. Now I'll turn it over to
Chief Financial Officer, John Rex.

John F. Rex
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Dave. Broadly speaking, third quarter results continued to be impacted by disruptive care
pattern, albeit to a much lesser extent than in the second quarter as many regions of the country
stabilized nearer to more normalized level.

Within the quarter, care deferral impacts were more than offset by the proactive consumer and customer
assistance measures we voluntarily undertook earlier this year as well as COVID-19 care and testing costs
and broader economic effects. These factors resulted in a 10% year-over-year decline in adjusted earnings
per share.

As we discussed last quarter, the deepest period of care deferral, which occurred in the second quarter,
and the timing of GAAP recognition of our assistance actions don't entirely line up, which makes for a
more pronounced adverse impact to earnings in the second half of 2020. The measures we voluntarily
undertook mostly impact our benefits businesses and contributed to UnitedHealthcare's third quarter
operating earnings decline from a year ago.

In the quarter, we saw total care activity now exceeding 95% of seasonal baseline, with certain categories
even more closely approaching normal. This compares to an overall measure of about 2/3 at the lowest
point in the second quarter.

Each of the 3 Optum businesses continue to perform well, while affected in different ways by still-
recovering care patterns and economic effects. OptumHealth's third quarter earnings increased 12% over

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

year as fee-for-service practices and ambulatory surgery activity began to recover while risk-bearing
practices still experienced some modest, continuing effect from deferral of care. Our SCA ambulatory
surgery centers operated about 95% of seasonal baseline in the third quarter compared to 55% in the
second quarter.

Year-to-date, over 1,000 new surgeons have performed procedures with SCA as they seek a safe,
convenient and efficient clinical partner. New surgeon affiliations for the 9-month period rose nearly 25%
over last year. And we continue to expand the complexity of procedures performed in these settings,
having added over 40 new service lines, nearly double last year.

Patients increasingly prefer these free-standing centers with NPS measured at 92. These durable,
long-term trends will benefit our growth even more strongly in the future as elective care activity fully
normalize.

OptumInsight third quarter earnings increased 24% year-over-year, while the revenue backlog grew by
$0.5 billion in the quarter to nearly $20 billion. Payer services and state government business performed
strongly while we continue to see lower activity in the provider-facing businesses due to procedural
volumes. While still not fully normalized, business development activity has increased from the second
quarter's much lower pacing.

OptimumRx earnings declined 2% year-over-year in the third quarter as script volumes were impacted by
lower care activity and economic factors. First-fill scripts, which are correlated to physician visit activity,
greatly improved from the second quarter, which was down about 25%. While not yet fully back to prior
year levels, revenues in our expanding pharmacy services businesses have grown nearly 30% year-to-
date.

Turning to UnitedHealthcare. Third quarter operating results reflect a considerable moderation of the
care deferral impact experienced in the second quarter while still not at baseline levels. This was more
than offset by our assistance measures, direct COVID-19 care costs and economic factors. The number
of people served in commercial products declined primarily due to employer actions. Within this, for
us, about 40% of the fee base decline came from very large employers, primarily in the hospitality,
transportation and energy sectors.

During the third quarter, growth in Medicaid membership accelerated, benefiting from the continued
easing of state redetermination requirements. We have not yet seen material Medicaid enrollment activity
due to job loss. And historically, these transitions lag loss of health care coverage by about 6 months.

Our Medicaid business has seen strong year-to-date organic growth of over 500,000 people. Sales activity
in Medicare Advantage has continued to move toward more normalized patterns after seeing some slowing
in the second quarter due to the pandemic. Within this, we have seen considerably less plan switching
than typical for existing Medicare Advantage enrollees, while selection of MA over fee-for-service for
people new to Medicare, it's tracking well.

We continue to deepen our engagement with those seniors most in need, increasing the distribution of
remote digital sensor kits to collect and monitor vital health data and address gaps in care generated by
the pandemic. Seniors continue to highly value our HouseCalls program with the number of home visits in
the third quarter growing by nearly 30% over last year.

Our liquidity and financial position remains strong. Third quarter cash flows of $3.1 billion, or 1x net
income, reflects the extra federal tax payment in the quarter due to the deferral of payments typically paid
in the second quarter. Year-to-date cash flows from operations are $16.1 billion or 1.2x net earnings. And
our debt to total capital ratio of 39.1% compares to 43.7% in the year ago quarter.

As noted earlier, we have updated our full year adjusted earnings outlook to a range of $16.50 to $16.75
per share. This reflects third quarter performance while anticipating the fourth quarter will reflect
continued customer assistance measures, normalization in care patterns and rising acuity as a result of
missed and deferred treatments. We will continue to work proactively to help people obtain the care they
need.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

Now I'll turn it back to Dave.

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

Thank you, John. With the third quarter earnings report, we have, at times, provided some early
soundings on our growth outlook. Even as the current environment is anything but routine, I'll still try to
offer some useful perspectives. We approach the future with continued conviction on our long-term 13%
to 16% earnings growth objective.

Some of the factors giving us confidence include: our rapidly expanding care delivery services, now
benefiting from over a decade of building and investing in local, value-based care systems and extension
into market-leading post-acute home and modern behavioral health intervention services; our ability to
support seniors across multiple channels and markets with increasingly innovative high-value offerings;
the way we meet the growing needs of people with highly complex conditions with comprehensive,
personalized care, including people across commercial, federal and state-based programs; the innovative
and consumer-responsive products now being offered through the employer and individual market
channels; our unmatched ability to support a more interoperable and intelligent health system as a result
of significant investments over many years to improve performance, integrating data, analytics and clinical
information to provide essential insights to evidence-based next-best care actions; and our restless drive
to allocate capital and align with other innovative companies as we lead in the development of the next-
generation health system in a socially conscious way.

These are just a few of the accelerating capabilities which will enable our enterprise to serve more people
much more deeply as we look to the years ahead. As to early thoughts on 2021, we expect our underlying
business performance to be strong and well supportive of our long-term growth objectives, including the
tailwinds we have highlighted throughout this morning. The pandemic and related economic impact, of
course, remain difficult to predict and at this distance, likely represent a significant potential headwind.
As a result, we envisioned stepping out initially with a more conservative all-in 2021 starting point to
accommodate these still-developing and unknown COVID-related impacts, in particular, the pacing of a
return to more normal levels of care services and the condition of the economy.

As the environment continues to evolve, we will also continue to evolve our thinking and perspective. And
as is our custom, we look forward to providing you further perspectives on all aspects of our business at
our Investor Conference on Tuesday, December 1, which will be held virtually this year.
Thank you for your time today. Operator, can you please open the line for questions?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from A.J. Rice with Crédit Suisse.

Albert J. William Rice
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Maybe just to pursue a little bit further the comments that Dave just made about thinking about next year.
I guess predicting the medical cost trend, you got a lot of moving parts there: potential further deferrals,
potential pent-up demand that could come back, cost of vaccines and therapies that could be there, a
number of things. And thinking about the cost trend for next year, how are you approaching that? How
-- do you see a competitive environment that's changing as a result of that? Just maybe flesh that whole
comment about how uncertain the ability to predict the medical cost trend is for next year.

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

Thank you, A.J., a very thoughtful question. Hopefully, you took away from the prepared remarks that
we're optimistic about the performance of our business. So that's pretty much universal across Optum
and UnitedHealthcare. So we didn't get into some of the smaller side businesses, but we're optimistic, in
particular, about our relative competitive position and the growth prospects for 2021.

But as also indicated, we remain deeply respectful of the environment, both the pandemic and related
economic consequences. And one thing I would underscore, A.J., is what you hit very well: there are a
number of moving parts which are very difficult to predict.

And you should also know that we're extending our efforts to ensure that our chronic members and
patients are getting the care that they need during this unprecedented time. And we also still have a
strong commitment towards correcting any imbalances that could occur.

So at this distance, we do see our business -- underlying business performing strongly and aligned to our
long-term growth objectives, which are 13% to 16% per year, offset in part by these pandemic-related
effects. So the starting point, as we indicated in December, will likely represent a wider range given the
possible outcomes and a more conservative all-in expectations than normal that you would normally see
from us given the -- all the elements that you just described.

So we're taking that into consideration as we develop our point of view about where our MLR might land,
how -- what the variability of that might be. We see it, generally speaking, that whole pandemic-related
impacts as being an area -- a headwind for the organization. But don't misread it. We are very bullish on
the strong, underlying growth performance of our business.

Operator

And the next question is from Josh Raskin with Nephron Research.

Joshua Richard Raskin
Nephron Research LLC

Just a question on OptumCare, I guess. And you're seeing big growth in the PMPMs there on the
consumers served. And I just want to better understand the relative performance sort of 3Q year-over-
year versus 2Q, kind of what's driving that increase in revenue per member. And then if you could also
talk about sort of physician recruiting and how that's going over the last 6 months.

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

Sure. Josh, great question, and I think you're hitting on one of the strengths of the enterprise and one
of the reasons why we're bullish on its growth for next year. Simply said, it would be more markets,
more deeply penetrated into those markets and a higher percentage of them having a risk-bearing
arrangement. But Wyatt, do you want to talk more fully?

Wyatt W. Decker
Chief Executive Officer of OptumHealth

Yes. Sure. Thanks, Josh, and thank you, Dave. I think, Dave, you captured it well. What we're seeing is as
we grow, we not only have increased the number of members we serve to 98 million, but we've increased
by 25% the revenue per member. And that's being driven in part by the more extensive services that we
would offer somebody through a risk-based arrangement in OptumCare versus the lighter type you might
see through some of the other businesses within OptumHealth. We expect that trend to continue, and
frankly, are very excited double-digit growth in our MA risk lives and related fully capitated lives that we
serve.

The other piece I'd say, Josh, around your question about physician recruitment is we have seen continued
robust interest in both small, tuck-in acquisitions as well as medium and large physician groups who are
attracted to both stability, the physician leadership and the evidence-based approach that we've embraced
in OptumCare.

Operator

We'll go next to Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

Wanted to circle back to the comments on 2021. First, from a consensus in and around 11% range for
growth year-on-year, Dave, I know you said that the rate is going to be wider than average this year.
Wondering if you think consensus will fall within that range at any point? Making the point as to, given the
breadth of the business, what specific segments...

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

Justin, we're having a hard time hearing you. If you're on a headset, can you pick up a handset?

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

Sure. Is this better?

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

No.

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

No. Okay. Hold on a second. Is that better?

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

It is. Thank you.

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

Sorry about that. So I wanted to do was circle back to the comments you made on 2021. First, consensus
earnings growth, I think, appears to look like it's targeting around 11% year-over-year, so below your
13% to 16%. Wondering if you think that might -- you're wider than typical guidance, still might include
that consensus estimate within the range?

And then can you point us to the specific businesses where you're seeing the potential impact of the
COVID and recession concerns maybe beyond just the typical commercial membership?

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

Sure. John?

John F. Rex
Executive VP & CFO

Justin, it's John Rex here. As Dave pointed out, I think we are quite confident in terms of the underlying
growth of the organization as we look towards 2021 and kind of, in a normal a year, I would think kind of
things like even kind of where that consensus range sits at this point would be kind of like a normal zone
that one could expect of an -- what an area that we would think about stepping out with.

We are very respectful to the fact how it's anything but a normal year, and we've learned so much every
month, I got to tell you, during this period, over the last 6 months and in terms of how we operate, how
our businesses perform, how we need to respond for the people we serve. And so we continue to be in a
respectful mode in terms of learning more, understanding the situation better and realizing there could be
significant impacts in certain businesses as we think about -- as we think about performance.

So we look at it in a world of -- excluding, yes, excluding kind of this world we operate in today with kind
of COVID-related impacts, a good zone, but you should expect that we think that there are potential
headwinds within there, whether those are economic headwinds, whether those are -- whether those are
factors in terms of what we need to do from a customer assistance perspective and really kind of -- really
the pacing of direct COVID care and treatment cost. So perhaps a long-winded way of getting asked, we
are in a mode still of really trying to be responsive to what we're seeing in the environment and evolve our
thinking as that environment evolves.

And Justin, I don't think I've heard -- picked up your second question. If you could repeat that one. It was
just hard to hear.

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

Yes. What I was asking is specifically around the segments that could be impacted. And most of all, I know
COVID is a potential uncertainty. What I've heard in the market is a lot of companies are trying to price for
that, adding a little bit to trend. Is that something that you felt like you did for last year or you're just still
being conservative? Or do you feel like that's something that's tough to do in this environment?

Dirk C. McMahon
Executive VP & CEO of UnitedHealthcare

Now -- I mean, Justin, this is Dirk McMahon. What I would say is we're, of course, going to price to our
best estimate of forward trends. That's going to include COVID.

But you asked about the economic impact, so as we sat back and we looked at the third quarter, actually,
our membership was a little less impacted than we thought it was going to be because of things like the
Payroll Protection Program as well as some furloughs that large employers did. So yes, there will be a little
bit of a run-in problem, but less than what we expected.

So from a membership standpoint, we're actually fairly optimistic about how we priced. We continue
to look at how our block is priced for 1/1. And as we look at that, we're more than competitive and we
monitor that every day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

Thank you, Justin. Great questions.

Operator

We go next to Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.

Frank George Morgan
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

John mentioned a expectation for a decline in plan switching this year in the MA market. Just curious if
you any color on why you expect that to be the case.

John F. Rex
Executive VP & CFO

Just to follow up. I think what we -- one of the things I commented on was actually, we are seeing less
plan switching than normal actually. And what we're seeing is strong adoption of people new to Medicare
coming into Medicare Advantage.

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

So Tim, do you want to add anything? Tim Noel?

Timothy John Noel
Chief Executive Officer of UnitedHealthcare Medicare & Retirement

Yes. Yes, Frank, thanks. Tim Noel. Yes. What John alluded to is that what we've seen in the marketplace
is a decline in people that are switching from one MA carrier to the next. However, a lot of strength in
what we call the chooser market, which are folks that are newly eligible for Medicare or people that are
choosing Medicare Advantage plans compared to other coverage types throughout the course of the year.
So we've seen really good, strong demand in those categories, but the plan switching activity was lighter.
And in particular, in March and April, it's come back a little bit throughout the course of the year. And
actually, we've seen some better activity recently.

So the dynamic in the marketplace as we head into annual enrollment period is one where we're trending
back to an environment that's more normal compared to selling seasons in the past.

Operator

We go next to Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Question on the Medicaid side. Obviously, enrollment impact from higher unemployment is coming in lower
than you expect. When do you expect the impact to peak? How do you think about the balance of going to
Medicaid versus exchanges?

And then on the Medicaid side, has the pandemic changed how states think about transitioning their
higher-acuity populations to Managed Care from fee for service? And what type of visibility do you have
more Medicaid rates for next year at this point of time?

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

You pretty much covered the entire landscape, Ricky. Well done. We will try to be as responsive as
possible on all of that. Tim Spilker is our Chief Executive for Community & State. Tim?

Timothy Mark Spilker
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

Chief Executive Officer of UnitedHealthcare Community & State

Yes. Thanks for the question. And you were definitely hitting on a lot of the factors that we've been
tracking. So first up, just in terms of enrollment, and Dirk mentioned, as did John in his opening
comments, so far, what we've seen just in terms of enrollment gains is really the result of the suspension
of redeterminations as a result of the CARES Act. We really have not yet seen unemployment pull through,
and I think that's reflective of some of the dynamics that we're seeing in the commercial market. And
that's been supported, I think, by a lot of external studies as well. So we continue to watch this. I think we
would expect that unemployment would pull through at some point, especially as the time frame between
loss of coverage increases.

As for your second question, just around complex populations. Yes, we are actively monitoring states as
they explore transitions to Managed Care. We believe there's a very strong value proposition, especially
for complex populations, including those that receive long-term care services and HCBS services. We
know, based on our experience, that Managed Care can deliver significant value, not just in terms of
cost savings, but also in terms of helping individuals remain in their homes, helping people access social
services and support. And so we've been working with states and monitoring states activity as they
transition.

I think we are seeing a very robust RFP pipeline, as Dave mentioned. And we're hopeful that many states
include long-term care services in complex populations in those.

And then finally, I think your last question was on funding and rate. Yes, and so just on that one, yes,
this is something that we've also been working closely with our state customers on really to ensure that
funding is sustainable, both now and into 2021, especially considering all the dynamics in play. States
are really taking a rational approach to funding. They're leveraging the appropriate risk management
mechanisms depending on their experience. That could include risk corridors and MLR structures. They're
also benefiting from some of the additional federal funding through the CARES Act. And then, of course,
just as a reminder, Medicaid funding must be actuarially sound, which our states really do continue to use
as a guiding principle.

So this is certainly an area of focus for us. We have strong relationships with our customers, and we feel
good about those conversations thus far. And then maybe just the last thing I'd say is sustainable funding
and all of this work is really critical as it enables us to invest in programs that really do drive substantial
social and health outcomes for our customers as well as for the people that we serve.

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

So Ricky, I hope that was responsive, at least responsive enough. Thank you for the thorough question.

Operator

And the next question is from Gary Taylor with JPMorgan.

Gary Paul Taylor
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Two-part question, just in case I strike out on the first one. I was wondering if you could quantify the
consumer and customer assistance, how that impacted the MLR this quarter.

The second part of the question, just thinking about cost trend heading in 2021. I think by the time this
year is all said and done, you might end up being, on your core commercial group cost trend, down a
couple of hundred basis points at least. So when you're thinking about your guidance for '21, are you
thinking it could be a normal cost trend on top of that? Are you thinking it -- deferrals would accelerate? It
could be 200 basis points or more higher than normal. I'm just interested in your thought process on how
you're going to comp? Was it easier than expected all-in trend for 2020?

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

Well, I'll give you the strike on the first one because I don't think we're going to quantify customer and
consumer assistance in the quarter. The one thing I will tell you is it's extensive. In particular, this is one
of the primary quarters where the Medicare business was offering full copay waivers on both primary care
and specialist visits. And the reason for that, Gary, is that we were deeply concerned and remain deeply
concerned that Medicare consumers access their physician just as quickly as possible because they're
obviously managing chronic disease. And we saw a very nice response to that program, so much so that
we're extending elements of it into the fourth quarter. So that's where customer systems will continue.

In addition to that, we extended some other programs. You probably saw that our $1.5 billion initial
estimate went to $2 billion. And in part, that was because of additional premium waivers and adjustments
that we have made that will extend through the balance of this year and modestly into next as well. So
that gives you color for the kind of the volume and the quantity of things that were going on during that
time frame.

With respect to cost trends in 2021, Dirk, do you want to speak to that?

Dirk C. McMahon
Executive VP & CEO of UnitedHealthcare

Yes. I would say, Gary, this goes back to what Dave said originally. We do consider all those factors you
described. We consider what we expect COVID to do with respect to testing, with respect to treatment. All
things that are associated with abatement as well, we make an estimate of that. We try to make a forecast
when the vaccines would become available.

So all those things are considered as we price our business for next year. I'm not going to get into the
exact number of basis points associated with each one of those. That's competitive. But I mentioned
earlier, we do monitor what's going on in the market, what we see with the ongoing trends in all 3 of those
buckets as well as all the underlying costs. And we make our best estimate as to where we should land to
be competitive from a membership growth standpoint as well as an earnings standpoint. That's what we
do. And we have actuaries, and we have our management teams that are pretty experienced with that.

Operator

We'll go next to Scott Fidel with Stephens.

Scott J. Fidel
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Just wanted to follow up on Medicare Advantage for 2021 and the comments that David made around
industry-leading growth expectations. And I guess really just a two-part question to this. Just one, so
we do have CMS projecting the, at least, 10% enrollment growth for individual MA for 2021. So just
interested in terms of your commentary on industry-leading growth, how you take that into context and
whether that would support double-digit enrollment growth in individual MA for 2021.

And then just secondly, it sounded like the comments around group MA, it sounded pretty bullish in terms
of sales. Just interested if you can maybe quantify for us the expected -- the group MA lives that so far
you think you've added for 2021.

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

Just to clarify, Scott, from at least my standpoint, what I really look at is the number of people served and
what our performance will be relative to the market overall. And as has been pretty consistent over time,
UnitedHealthcare Medicare & Retirement has outperformed on that metric in particular.

What I like about this year, in particular, is what not only the group MA component really coming off of a --
what would be a disappointing year in 2020, meaning the 2021 actual policy year, but also the kind of the
setup for individual MA and continuation with our duly eligible members and their growth. So that's the
essence of the backdrop of the comment that I made.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

Tim, do you want to add anything further?

Timothy John Noel
Chief Executive Officer of UnitedHealthcare Medicare & Retirement

Yes, yes. Thanks, Scott. So selling obviously starts tomorrow for individual Medicare Advantage. We've
been marketing our products since the beginning of October, receiving really positive feedback from the
broker community about how we're positioned. And once again, as you know, our top priority is providing
stability and benefits for the members that we serve. And as we go to market, we are happy to have
succeeded in providing that for our members. And in fact about 75% of our members will experience
improving benefits in 2021 compared to 2020. And we also made some additional investments and
capabilities to support seniors. So given that backdrop, we do feel really good about our positioning to
gain share in individual MA, group MA as well as the dual special needs plans market.

We're not going to comment specifically on any point estimate for industry growth, but we really like our
positioning from inside of the growth, whatever that might be. And to Dave's comments, we're really
excited about our group MA growth in 2021.

Operator

And then next, we'll go to Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Great. I guess maybe just want to get your latest thinking on participating in direct contracting next year,
obviously, through OptumCare. I was wondering if this would contribute at all to your projections around
global cap lives growth. Or would that be incremental?

And then maybe just relatedly, how are you thinking about direct contracting relative to the opportunity,
obviously, around MA on the UHC side?

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

Let's start with UHC.

Brian Robert Thompson
Chief Executive Officer of UnitedHealthcare Government Programs

Sure. Brian Thompson here. As it relates to Medicare Advantage, as you've known from us for a long
time, we've had the enterprise perspective of modernizing fee-for-service. But we're certainly encouraged
by any activities like this. We participate in things like bundled payment programs, et cetera, and I see
direct contracting as a positive to try to modernize the overall fee-for-service system in total. And why it
obviously is looking at direct contracting, to go into OptumCare.

Wyatt W. Decker
Chief Executive Officer of OptumHealth

Yes. Thanks, BT. And Robert, thanks for the question. We are very encouraged by every effort to move
from fee-for-service to value-based contracting, so view this as a positive trend.

The direct contracting proposals are primarily geared towards smaller groups that are in fee-for-service,
and we have been in risk-based arrangements for over 10 years. And so while we will embrace this where
it's appropriate, we have relationships with over 80 payers, and we'll expect to see continued double-digit
growth of our MA and dual-risk lives that we care for.

And I don't anticipate that the direct contracting will be a major factor for us. But again, I don't mean to
say that in any kind of a negative way. It's a good program, but it's -- but we will embrace all vehicles to
grow.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

Operator

We'll go next to Sarah James with Piper.

Sarah Elizabeth James
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I was hoping you could give us some context around corporate tax reforms. Looking back to 2018, you
sized the benefit around $2 billion. Wondering where that sits now. And if there's a difference between
product lines and how we should think about which line benefited on the margin side versus what's passed
through for pricing changes or other items?

John F. Rex
Executive VP & CFO

Sarah, it's John Rex here. So I think we go back to the -- that former period that you were discussing in
core protection. I think there are a number of things that we commented on during that period and in
terms of impact. And if you recall, during that period, we also commented about investments that we are
making as a result to build for future growth and how we were investing in the businesses for the longer
term. Certainly, that was an element there. Clearly, kind of since that period, a number of years ago now,
the company is much, much larger, so you would expect that kind of that impact is kind of much smaller
from an effective tax rate impact than we would have had back in that time.

Among the other elements that you're talking to in corporate tax reform and impacts, I think it's tough
really to kind of get out ahead of anything in terms of potential impact and even how those impact on
specific businesses just because there isn't some -- we just don't -- really don't want to get ahead of any
kind of policy that might be out there. So probably would just leave it at that.

Operator

Next is David Windley with Jefferies.

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I'm interested in -- I appreciate the comments, several kind of percentage of baseline utilization numbers
offered in the prepared remarks. I'm curious how that has progressed perhaps through the quarter.
For example, by the end of the quarter, were some of those at or above 100%? Are you expecting
that to get to above baseline in the fourth quarter? And based on your assessments of kind of pent-up
underutilization and system capacity, how long might you expect that to last?

And then just to tag on, the DCP for the first couple of quarters of the year, had been pretty consistent
year-over-year, but at the third quarter is down a couple of days, 2 to 3 days. I'm wondering how that
folds into that view of where utilization is going?

John F. Rex
Executive VP & CFO

John Rex. Let me answer to get at those. So first of all, let me give you a little more color in terms of what
we saw in utilization over the course of the quarter and how it fits to what we were seeing last quarter and
such. So I spoke to kind of baseline exceeding 95% across our businesses as we look at the utilization at
this point here. Maybe give a little color kind of -- context within that and different categories and how
those would trend.

I'd point out, if I look at physician services, that would be below that baseline. I'd put kind of outpatient
surgery, that kind of -- right at kind of in that zone at baseline. And I'd put inpatient above that baseline
zone.

As we look down at kind of various populations and such, maybe a little color commentary in terms of how
that trends. So commercial, certainly kind of higher in terms of where we're seeing utilization and where
we're seeing against baseline; government program services, lower. And within that, I would say, kind

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

of within the government programs, let's say, the community state business being the lower element of
those in the way it's trending.

One important element here. So what you referred to some of the commentary we had for our
expectations for the fourth quarter. And then so among those were that care that has been deferred, that
we are able to help facilitate that care incurs. And that's kind of where we're making investments and
what we want to see happen here.

The other element that we anticipate as we look towards the end of the year is we have been anticipating
to see rising acuity because of deferred and missed treatment, we'd see a higher-acuity population. I
would tell you, we really haven't seen that yet. Where we see rising acuity on the overall book is it's
because of the COVID-19 cases that come in at a higher acuity level, and so you see a higher acuity on
that component. But if you take that component out, we don't really see it across the full scope of the
book of our business at this point.

As you're -- to your comment over in terms of over the course of the quarter, what we saw, well, it was
an interesting quarter from that perspective because you saw different incidence rates in different parts of
the country over the course of the quarter. So we really monitor that quite closely. And you would see as a
particular part of the country, you saw infection rates begin to rise, you would see deferral come into that
mix. Given our platform across the entire country, we have a viewpoint into that, but you see deferral and
then you'd see it come back in.

I think the last thing that I would place, I would just point out is within kind of that baseline that we're
talking about -- and so I said exceeding 95%, I put kind of in the zone of 5 points or so were probably
COVID-19-driven in terms of within that mix. And that's inclusive in the baseline we're talking about.

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

And then DCP.

John F. Rex
Executive VP & CFO

And DCP. Thank you for reminding me. So DCP, the decline year-over-year, David, so that is due to the --
really the acceleration in provider payments that we took on earlier in the year. So as we -- really, we're
trying to get liquidity injected into the health care system when we accelerated our payment cycles very,
very significantly, and that continues.

The reason you wouldn't have seen that in the second quarter is because of the very significant deferral
of medical care in the second quarter. So -- but kind of getting into the math of it, right, you get a
denominator here where medical cost per day was declining very, very significantly in the second quarter.
So that more than offset the impact of those payments. As we saw care come -- being restored much
closer to normal levels this quarter, then that comes up. And so now you're seeing the impact of that
accelerated payment cycle show up in our DCP, but that was impacting.

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

And just to remind you, give you a sense of that, as we indicated in the prepared remarks as well, it's
around a $2 billion advance to the market or acceleration in payment.

Operator

And next is Charles Rhyee with Cowen.

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Yes. Maybe if I could follow-up on that, about utilization and then tie it back to sort of your comments
around the outlook for '21. It sounds like inpatient volume is a little bit above normal. Other areas are a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

little bit below. And overall, let's say, we're kind of getting back to a normal baseline utilization. Given at
that kind of pace that we're on this year and then we think about next year, what is it in your thinking that
makes you think that we're going to see a really big uptick in utilization?

Because it sounds like when we go back to the earlier part of the Q&A when you're -- in your comments,
Dave and John, at the end was next year, you're thinking about a more conservative starting point to think
about the '21 outlook. And I understand that we'd want to back out some of the onetime items that were
positive for this year. But maybe help us understand a little bit what is your underlying assumptions for
utilization? Because it seems to me and the pace that we're going at, it doesn't strike me that we're going
to really have really overutilization per se next year. Maybe help us understand what maybe you're seeing
here as we're now into part of the fourth quarter that kind of gives you that sense.

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

Yes. So my comments are really grounded in the unprecedented uncertainty as we look forward and
a deep respect for the pandemic and its impact on the economic climate. And that's why, as you think
about being at this distance, stepping out, recognizing that as your -- kind of the future expectation, you
would normally widen your range and you would probably take a more conservative posture. And that's
essentially what we were trying to communicate. John, do you have anything further to add?

John F. Rex
Executive VP & CFO

No, Charles, the one thing I'd comment and I think you said kind of we've seen inpatient kind of above
normal. I wouldn't say that's where we are. I said on that exceeding 95% baseline, I was orienting those
categories around how they orient around that, exceeding 95%: that inpatient rides a little above that;
physician, below that; and outpatient surgery is kind of right in that zone. So that's more the commentary
that I was providing there, not that inpatient is running above baseline yet.

But we -- certainly, categories are progressing to that. And I think it goes -- in terms of your broader
commentary into what to expect for utilization, so we want to make sure people get the care they need.
That's why we're here, ultimately. And so we're going to do everything in our power to make sure that,
that care occurs.

But you heard some of the commentary offered earlier in the year even in terms of what was going on
in different categories in terms of cancer diagnoses, different areas that we're off significantly. That's not
kind of good for people. That's not good for the system. We want to make sure that, that care is getting
delivered. And there are areas of care that we're going to be very proactive in making sure that people are
able to access that.

In our business, we have both direct access in the OptumCare businesses. UnitedHealthcare is being very
proactive in its outreach to vulnerable populations and making sure that they're getting the treatments
that they need. So our ambition is to make sure that, that care is delivered. There's much -- there's a lot
of necessary care that's not happening also.

But I'd come back to Dave's commentary. As we look out to 2021 and some of the earlier themes, we've
been learning stuff all along the way over the past many months. And we continue to evolve that thinking.
We continue to feel like we get better perspective and why deeply respectable in terms of we don't really
know how this moves over the next several months also. So I think that's what you hear in terms of our
commentary, in terms of how we think -- why we think -- how we think about stepping out and why, that
we want to be respectful of an environment, frankly, that no one has navigated before. And I think that's
just what you would expect us to -- the way you'd expect us to approach it.

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

And we'll take this next 30, 45 days or so to accumulate more facts, understand even better and then lay
all this out for you in more detail to the best of our ability when we get together on December 1. We have
time for one more question with a quick question and answer, and then I'll close.

Operator

And we'll take that question from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein.

Lance Arthur Wilkes
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Yes, just wanted to ask for employer enrollment, how's that progressing in October? And what's your
outlook for 4Q and beyond? And if you can give any clarification in OptumRx on kind of the real sharp
increase in revenue per script and some of the compression in margin, that would be helpful, too.

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

So I don't think we'll be able to give you insights into October and the quarter specifically, but what we
can give you insights into is what the progresses we're making across the board in the commercial market
going forward, give you some sense of that without quantifying it. Dirk?

Dirk C. McMahon
Executive VP & CEO of UnitedHealthcare

Yes. I would say that as you think about the fourth quarter, the sense should be is there's a good amount
of stickiness with respect to the end of this year in terms of persistency that we're seeing with our groups.
And further, I think as we look at next year, I think we talked about it in the script, we'll have a lot of
good products coming off the assembly line that we're very enthused about: All Savers, our level-funded
product; Bind, a good product, which basically is a scenario where you have a kind of base level of
coverage and you buy up if care is needed in certain categories. Then we have what I would say a bunch
of provider-centric products, where we're looking at really efficient, high-quality networks and having low
consumer out-of-pockets associated with those.

So what I would say is we're optimistic about our product portfolio for next year. As you look at the third
-- the fourth quarter specifically, we've had good stickiness in terms of our persistency.

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

Yes. I think the commercial business is doing a nice job. Obviously, we're very dissatisfied with the start
of this year, but I think they've come on stronger as the year has progress with a wide array of product
choices and offerings, but also getting their cost structures in line and being able to reflect that in more
competitive price positions in the market overall, again, appropriately indexed to the forward view of cost-
plus margin, which reflects the variability of the future marketplace. John, do you want to touch on the
script?

John Prince
Chief Executive Officer

Sure. Lance, John Prince. Talking about revenue growth, we've had really strong growth in our specialty
business as well as infusion. Our community pharmacies and -- which is Genoa, that has been a big
driver as well as our external client wins we had on the beginning of the year. If you look at our services
businesses, which is both services, as I mentioned, they're growing almost 30% inside that. So really
strong growth in that.

In terms of our margin and why it's declined year-over-year, it's really 2 factors: One, on the earnings side
is the impact of COVID-19. As you know, with the pandemic, we've had less first fills in Q2. That continued
in Q3 as well as we've seen in Q3, less utilization per member as well as some loss and unemployment. So

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

that's impacted our earnings. And then on the denominator side, the retail copayment, which was added
to revenue in 2020, was added to the denominator, which actually impacted the margin in Q3.

Overall, we're quite pleased with our margin performance. As you see between Q2 and Q3, our earnings
grew sequentially by 16% as well as -- and continue to improve our margins. So overall, we're seeing
we're executing very well.

David Scott Wichmann
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, John. Thank you, Lance. And thank all of you for your interest and the very thoughtful and
insightful questions that you offered today. As you know, this is an unprecedented time in our company's
history. And as you've come to expect, we will continue to respond and lead with the full strength,
compassion and fortitude, restlessness. We're serving the unique needs of every one of the 140 million
people we serve around the world.

Despite the challenging times, the 325,000 people of the UnitedHealth Group are deeply committed, and
they're energized about our work to advance the next-generation health system in a socially conscious
way. It's a health system that will be universal, affordable, simple and effective. And we look forward to
engaging you in several weeks at our upcoming annual investor conference on Tuesday, December 1. We
see the virtual format as an opportunity to provide you an even deeper view of our company, its strategic
plans, its people and our future. Thank you very much.

Operator
And this will conclude today's program. Thanks for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a
great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 14, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

