United Rentals, Inc. NYSE:URI
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 29, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

4.34

5.40

Revenue  (mm)

2156.29

2187.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-29-2020 6:50 AM GMT

24.42

1.42

3.88

15.23

16.39

2139.50

8354.25

8510.91

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

5.29

2.53

1.93

4.34

5.60

3.35

3.68

5.40

5.86 %

32.41 %

90.67 %

24.42 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
UNITED RENTALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jessica T. Graziano
Executive VP & CFO

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Ashok Sivamohan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Courtney Yakavonis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Mircea Dobre
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Seth Robert Weber
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Timothy W. Thein
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

UNITED RENTALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this
call is being recorded.

Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to
your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to
a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results
may differ materially from those projected. These uncertainties is included in the safe harbor statement
contained in the company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible
risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019,
as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at
www.unitedrentals.com.

Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release
any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events,
circumstances or changes in expectations.

You should also note that the company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP
terms, such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the
company's recent investor presentation to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to
the most comparable GAAP financial measure.

Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jessica
Graziano, Chief Financial Officer.

I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us.

I'll start with some observations that will frame out our discussion about the quarter as well as our
customers and our markets. What we saw in the third quarter was a continuing recovery, albeit at a
moderate pace. Our end markets are improving. And for the first quarter since COVID hit, the trends were
in line with normal seasonality. That said, volumes were still down year-over-year. Near term, we have
good visibility. Market activity looks positive and customer sentiment is trending up. Longer term, we
expect that future events, including a potential vaccine, are likely to have a significant impact on demand.

I'm pleased that we delivered strong results in this environment. We have our arms around the things we
can control and we're showing discipline and agility in our daily operations. You saw that in our numbers
where we outperformed our own expectations for the third quarter. And we did it safely. It's a different
world out there right now. And every time our employees interact with each other or with customers or
a supplier, their behavior is guided by our safety protocols. And those protocols help the team turn in
another safe quarter with a recordable rate below 1. And that was a hard-fought win when you factor in
the fires in California or the storms in the Gulf or just simply the daily challenges of COVID. So kudos to
the team for their effort.

In a few minutes, Jess will take you through our results. But first, I'll touch on a few highlights. Number
one is margin. Rental revenue was about 13% below third quarter last year, but we made the most of it
by controlling our operating costs. And I give the team full credit for that because it's their discipline in
the field that helps preserve our margin. And as volumes in the quarter went up, SG&A as a percent of
revenue went down. So clearly, we're being vigilant with controlling our variable costs.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

UNITED RENTALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Another highlight for the quarter is our free cash flow. We generated over $2 billion of free cash flow year-
to-date through September. And our ability to produce significant cash in a downturn is a key strength of
our business model.

The return to normal seasonality isn't enough to offset the impact of the pandemic, but it's definitely in
the right direction. And it gives us a good line of sight on the fourth quarter. And based on that current
visibility and our third quarter performance, we've updated our 2020 full year guidance to reflect higher
targets for revenue, EBITDA, CapEx and free cash flow.

Now looking at our operating environment, the recovery in North America has been fairly broad-based and
customer sentiment continues to trend up. We see business confidence improving in our own customer
surveys as well as many external indicators.

Used equipment sales are another helpful indicator of demand. Our third quarter revenue from used sales
was essentially flat with last year and used pricing held up as well. So demand is holding steady. And in
fact, we sold 35% more fleet through the retail channel in the quarter compared with third quarter last
year. And that tells us that contractors are buying fleet they feel confident they can put to work.

We're also encouraged by the industry's discipline on supply, which you can see in available third-party
data. And we applaud this because a disciplined approach will serve everyone's interest as the recovery
gains steam.

In July, I noted that rental volumes in all of our geographic regions finished the second quarter above
the trough for fleet on rent we saw in April. In the third quarter, we continued to gain ground, with
rental revenue increasing sequentially in 15 of our 16 regions and that one outlier region was essentially
flat. The standout verticals so far have been the ones we've been talking about: power, biotech and
pharmaceuticals. And we see solid activity from warehousing and distribution, data centers, hospitals
and other facilities in the health care and technology sectors. And there were some verticals that were
a little less pronounced but still on a positive path. Food and beverage is an example of a vertical that's
edged back to historical levels. And by contrast, as I'm sure you know, all segments of oil and gas remain
depressed, led by upstream.

Looking specifically at construction, non-res markets as a whole showed mild improvement, while retail,
hospitality and entertainment remained largely on pause. And the individual verticals within non-res are
still a mixed bag, but our core markets all have solid long-term fundamentals.

And there's also a broad range of new projects starting up across our operating landscape. And this was
true in our second and third quarters and we're seeing the same thing this quarter. And this activity spans
multiple markets, including manufacturing, automotive and road and bridge work, as examples, as well
as the other positive verticals I mentioned earlier. And the team is doing a great job of getting in the door
with these projects at an early stage.

One side note worth mentioning is the possible shift to an onshoring strategy by North American
manufacturers. This year has highlighted the vulnerability of the supply chains, and onshoring could be
a way to reduce this risk. And if that trend pans out, it could benefit 2 areas where our company is often
first call with customers, in industrial construction and plant maintenance.

Also, a word about our specialty segment, which continues to be resilient overall. Our power and HVAC
business, in particular, had another strong performance in the quarter. And all of our specialty offerings
are poised to capture incremental demand. And we're continuing to make strategic investments in the
growth of this segment. Through September, we've opened a total of 13 new specialty locations and we're
on track with our plan for 15 openings for this year.

And I want to take a minute to talk about how we look at strategic investments because capital discipline
is more critical now than it's ever been. And I've already mentioned that we're controlling our cost to
benefit our margins and we've reduced our full year CapEx significantly. But we haven't gone full stop
on investing in the business. We're taking the long view. We're managing our capital to support our
customers and to drive long-term returns for our investors. The ongoing expansion of our specialty
network is one good example of that. And as you saw in our guidance, we allocated some CapEx for fleet

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

UNITED RENTALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

to address targeted areas of demand. Throughout all the disruption this year, we kept our eye on the big
picture, and we're making sound decisions with the benefit of a robust balance sheet.

I'll sum it up by saying, all the things we've been doing right this year, we're still doing right. And that's
the plan, execute well under all market conditions. And with COVID, that means, first and foremost,
protecting our people, serving our customers, running a tight ship and doing all of this without limiting our
capacity for growth. The strong third quarter results we reported show that the plan is working. And now
we have higher expectations for the fourth quarter than we did 3 months ago, in large part because we
have more visibility into the near term. And we'll see how that plays out as we move into 2021.

I'm going to close with some things that I can say with absolute certainty in what's been a very
uncertain year. As I look around our company, I'm proud of the way our team has stayed together and is
working safely. And I'm glad that our operations have been able to remain open to serve our customers
because communities rely on these projects. And I'm pleased that we continue to be responsive to all
of our stakeholders. And finally, I'm confident that we have the right strategy in place to leverage our
competitive advantages and convert our revenue into attractive returns.

Every economic environment, weak or strong, has its opportunities, and this one is no different. We know
how to use our strengths to make the most of any market conditions, and we did that on the downside of
this pandemic, and we'll do it on the upside as well.

So with that, I'll hand the call over to Jess, and then we'll take your questions. Jess, over to you.

Jessica T. Graziano
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone.

As Matt mentioned, we're pleased with our results in Q3, notably rental revenue that tracked to seasonal
trends as expected, and the cost management our team delivered across the business, which was better
than expected. We've generated significant free cash flow to date and continue to strengthen our balance
sheet. And I'll speak to both in a bit and also provide some comments on our updated guidance for the full
year.

Let's start with rental revenue for the quarter. Rental revenue for the third quarter was $1.86 billion, which
is down $286 million or 13.3% year-over-year. Within rental revenue, OER decreased $259 million or
14.1%. In that, a 4.6% drop in the average size of the fleet was an $84 million headwind to revenue.
Inflation of 1.5% cost us another $27 million, and fleet productivity was down 8% or $148 million on
lower volumes. I'll note that fleet productivity did improve by a healthy 560 basis points from Q2, which
is mainly from better fleet absorption. Rounding out the decline in rental revenue for the quarter was $27
million in lower ancillary and re-rent revenues or an 80 basis point headwind.

Let's move to used sales. Used sales revenue was basically flat year-over-year at $199 million. The retail
market continues to be quite strong for us, and we sold significantly more fleet through this channel
through Q3 last year, with OEC sold up 35%. Used margins in the quarter were healthy as well. Adjusted
gross margin on used sales was 44.2% versus 46% in Q3 last year. That change reflects softer year-over-
year pricing, partially offset by improved channel mix. Importantly, cash proceeds as a percentage of
original cost was a robust 51.4% on fleet sold that was, on average, 7 years old.

Taking a look at EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $1.081 billion, down $126 million or 10.4%
year-over-year. Here's the bridge on the dollar change. The impact from rental was a drag of $162 million.
OER was a headwind of $168 million, offset by a combined $6 million of tailwind from ancillary and re-
rent. Used sales were a headwind to EBITDA of $3 million, and other lines of business together were a
drag of $6 million. Year-over-year, SG&A was a benefit to EBITDA in the quarter by $45 million, with the
majority of that benefit coming from lower discretionary costs, including T&E and professional fees as well
as lower bonus expense.

Our adjusted EBITDA margin was very strong, coming in at 49.4%, up 90 basis points year-over-year.
This reflects our continued commitment to aggressively manage costs. It was also benefited by certain

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

UNITED RENTALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

onetime items contributing about $20 million to the quarter, including an insurance gain resulting from a
flood event settled in Q3. Adjusting for the nonrecurring benefits, adjusted EBITDA margin was flat despite
a 12% decline in total revenue year-over-year.

Flow-through as reported was approximately 42%. Again, adjusting for those onetime benefits, the
resulting flow-through of just under 49% evidenced the flexibility we have in our business model to
respond quickly on costs. Through the third quarter, we continued to bring delivery and repair in-house to
reduce the use of third parties. As a result, our overtime increased versus Q2, but continued to be down
versus Q3 last year. And we continue to avoid discretionary spend where possible, mostly in G&A.

A quick comment on adjusted EPS, which was $5.40. That compares with $5.96 in Q3 last year. The year-
over-year decline is primarily due to lower net income from lower revenue.

Let's move to CapEx. For the quarter, rental CapEx declined 49% to $432 million, bringing our year-to-
date spend to $785 million in gross rental CapEx. Year-to-date proceeds from sales of used equipment
were $583 million, resulting in net CapEx of $202 million. That's 85% lower than net CapEx at September
30 last year and reflects our continuing focus on capital discipline and fleet absorption given current rental
volumes.

ROIC remains strong, coming in at 9.2% for the third quarter. Now that continues to meaningfully exceed
our weighted average cost of capital, which currently runs about 7%. Year-over-year, ROIC was down 150
basis points, driven by the decline in revenue.

Turning to free cash flow, which, through the end of September, is a record for us. We have generated
over $2 billion of free cash flow year-to-date, an increase of over $900 million year-over-year. With the
majority of our cash flow dedicated to debt reduction this year, our balance sheet continues to be the
strongest it's ever been. Net debt was down $1.5 billion to $9.9 billion at September 30. Leverage was
2.4x, down from 2.6x at the end of 2019.

Liquidity remains extremely strong. We finished the third quarter with over $3.4 billion in total liquidity.
That's made up of ABL capacity of just under $3.1 billion and availability on our AR facility of $165 million.
We also had $174 million in cash.

On October 15, we used the ABL to redeem our $750 million 4 5/8% senior notes due 2025. Our decision
to do so included our views of continuing strength and liquidity and extends our next maturity on long-
term notes out to 2026. Total liquidity as of yesterday, October 28, was over $2.8 billion, and we expect
that to increase to the end of the year, consistent with our free cash flow guide.

Speaking of guidance, I'll close with a few comments. We've tightened and raised the bottom of our total
revenue range as our visibility increases and we expect to see a normal seasonal trend in demand in Q4.
We also expect used sales will remain solid. We've tightened our adjusted EBITDA range and have raised
our expectations for the full year, in part from the strength of Q3's results. Our gross CapEx guidance
of between $900 million and $950 million is higher than our prior guidance as we manage fleet mix in
support of customer projects. And finally, our free cash flow update continues to signal the strength and
resiliency of our business model as we plan to generate over $2.2 billion in free cash flow this year and in
turn, plan to use the majority of it to reduce our debt.
And with that, let's move on to your questions. Operator, would you please open the line?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

UNITED RENTALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dave Raso from Evercore ISI.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just trying to think about the fleet for next year. How should we think about the base case as of right
now? How do you think about sizing the fleet versus the size of the fleet that you expect to end this year?
And maybe remind us the mix between how you view replacement CapEx. And then related to that, what
kind of used equipment sales would you look for?

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

Sure, David. This is Matt. So when we think about next year, and the timing is appropriate because we're
in the middle of our planning process right now. But as we think about next year, as a starting point, we
expect to sell about the same amount of used equipment that we will this year. And then from there,
we're going to look at demand and say, all right, do we replace all of that fleet? Hopefully, that answer is
yes. And then if so, how much extra capacity do we have in our existing fleet to serve any incremental
demand? And then depending on how robust the demand is, that's going to end up in the gross CapEx.

Now the good news for us timing-wise is, as you saw this year, we can be very flexible to how much we
can flex up or down depending on the demand environment as you saw by us cutting over $1 billion this
year when we -- we really didn't get a peek into that challenge until mid-March. So we'll do the same
thing this year. We'll take a look. And sometime in the spring, we'll have to start to make some decisions.
But I think by then we'll have a lot more clarity on what demand looks like. So that flexibility gives us a
lot of hope in that the environment will be there, but also the ability to react if it's not. So no bet yet on
2021. But if this healing of the macro continues, we don't expect to not replace used fleet that we sell at a
minimum. And then we'll see where the demand goes from there.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And if that's the case, unless there's a radical change in what you get for used values versus the OEC of
that equipment that's being sold, if your base case is not thinking about shrinking the size of the fleet,
wouldn't that speak to gross CapEx, the $1.6 billion or so, because I think we've spoken in the past
roughly that's a replacement type number anyway. So it sort of seems to triangulate to that sort of the
base case. Is that just a fair assessment when we think of the size of the fleet?

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

I think that would be the right way to think about a base case. And then from there, everything else would
be demand-based. Now in an environment like this year, we didn't even replace all the used sales that we
had because we had extra capacity existing. So we took that opportunity to take the fleet down as you
saw. But we're not anticipating that next year. And once again, we won't have to make those decisions
until the spring, and we'll react to the demand environment.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Tim Thein from Citi.

Timothy W. Thein
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

UNITED RENTALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Matt, you started talking about the near-term visibility. I'm curious, maybe if you can just expand on that
a bit as to, as you speak to the branches, can you help us in terms of just their overall visibility levels?
And then potentially, how does that compare to, I don't know, this time last year? Is there any kind of
benchmarks you can provide just to get a sense for, obviously, big question marks regarding as we work
through this project pipeline, what's there to fill it up beyond that? So maybe just speak to what you hear
from the branches with regards to project activity and just overall visibility would be great.

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Tim. So as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we're hearing the same feedback that we're actually
experiencing from our field leaders. And that is that activity continues to incrementally improve with
normal seasonal patterns. So they're seeing that.

The visibility question, frankly, if they thought they had more visibility than through Q1, I would worry
about it anyway and they're not pretending to. It all depends on how the macro environment responds to
this winter. And I think we'll have a much better take on that come January, but near term, their visibility
is strong, which is why we've had the confidence to change our guidance.

And I think beyond that, we're going to take the time we have between now and January to get a better
look at how the world, but more specifically for us, how the U.S. and Canada respond to COVID. And I'll
say that we're hopeful. This healing that's going on in the macro environment that we're seeing through
green shoots and new projects that we've seen through, outside of oil and gas, most verticals, and to be
fair, probably lodging and travel. Most verticals are showing some growth or are maintaining the growth
that we've seen since the trough that we talked about in Q2. So they're encouraged and I'd say cautiously
optimistic is the best way to think about it.

Timothy W. Thein
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. And maybe I'll sneak one more in and that was just on the operating costs. And as to what you've
learned through this period this year in terms of, you talked earlier about cutting as it was a theme on
the second quarter call in terms of some of the third-party costs and delivery and the like. How much
of that, Matt, do you think you can extend presumably as volumes do improve? I guess the question is,
how much of these cost benefits can be sustainable? And obviously, some of it were T&E and some of the
discretionary things presumably at some point come back. But it's really around the kind of the longevity
and the sustainability of some of these operating cost benefits that you've realized this year.

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So I think that the term of necessity is mother of invention is appropriate here, right? So as we
thought about how we really wanted to hold the team intact for when we get on the other side of this
COVID tunnel, as we've been calling it, to make sure we have the ability to respond. And we've been able
to do that through the in-sourcing kind of that you referred to.

Just to give a data point, our headcount year-over-year is only down about 3%. And as you see, our
margin -- I mean, our revenue volume for the quarter was down about 13%. And the reason we were
able to do that without having to sacrifice margin is because we took some of our most expensive costs,
like outside hauling, third-party repairs, and we in-sourced. So this way, we're keeping our people busy
and frankly, employed during a very difficult time, but to have capacity to be able to respond quickly as
projects and markets continue to heal and grow. So that's something I think is a silver lining through this
COVID that we're going to utilize in the future.

We haven't put math to it to what extent because one of the variables there is, how fast is the demand
going to grow and how can you keep up with it? So I think that's a key learning for us that this in-sourcing
opportunity is a great way to not only have control of that variable, but to actually do it in a more efficient
way.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

UNITED RENTALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

As far as T&E and all that, we absolutely hope it comes back because that means the world's healing
and our people are out there with our customers and our employees. So that's less of an impact than
the rental operating costs, as you can imagine, but we'd expect some of that to normalize. It might even
increase a little bit here in Q4. So that's the way we're looking at the world right now.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.

Ashok Sivamohan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

This is Ashok Sivamohan on for Jerry Revich. The 51% recovery rate in the utilization environment was
a pleasant surprise. What would you attribute the strength in the used market to and why did the used
market recover ahead of industry utilization this cycle?

Jessica T. Graziano
Executive VP & CFO

So this is Jessica. What I would say is, a strength that we have here at United Rentals is that a large
portion of our used sales are in a retail market that are essentially sales to our customers, right? And we
continue to see strength through that retail channel. As a matter of fact, as I mentioned earlier, we had
35% more volume move through that channel, this Q3 versus last. And so the strength of that is really
indicative of our customers needing that equipment and the continuing recovery that Matt also mentioned
that we're seeing pretty broadly across the majority of our end markets. So the strength that we're seeing
in used sales, I think, is directly attributable to that same recovery pace that we're seeing across the
business.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.

Seth Robert Weber
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I just wanted to go back to the expense and cost question again. Really good job on the quarter here. But
if I'm looking at the fourth quarter, it looks like margins are going to be down -- EBITDA margin is going
to be down quite a bit year-over-year kind of based on the midpoint of your guide. I'm just trying to tie a
couple of these things together, where you're talking about some of the in-sourcing is a permanent change
and stuff like that. But it looks like margins are going to be kind of down meaningfully year-to-year even
though they were just about flat year-over-year, if there's anything I'm missing there.

Jessica T. Graziano
Executive VP & CFO

Seth, so 2 things that I mentioned. So first, I know you've heard me say this before, but I think it's really
important this quarter not to anchor to the midpoint. We've done a lot of work at possibilities of how the
revenue could come in and what that means in terms of EBITDA and even some of the cost trends. And so
I'll give that caution again about not anchoring to the midpoint.

The other thing that I'll mention is, in the fourth quarter of last year, we had a tailwind in bonus expense.
And so the impact that, that's going to have on the fourth quarter this year from a margin perspective
is going to be somewhere, if I use midpoint revenue, it's going to be somewhere around 50 to 70 basis
points of drag. So that's going to play through Q4 as well.

Seth Robert Weber
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Sure. Okay. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up on the specialty business. We've been hearing more,
just other national players have been talking more about getting bigger in the specialty space. Can you

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

UNITED RENTALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

just kind of characterize what you're seeing in the specialty market as far as more competition or just
asset valuations going up for M&A? Just kind of characterize what's happening in that market.

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Seth. This is Matt. We're continuing to feel very strongly about our specialty business, the
performance as well. The resiliency of the businesses have been doing great. They're performing better
than the business overall. All this was part of the strategy and expected.

We do hear a lot of people talking about getting into the specialty business, understand what that dynamic
could cause. I'll tell you that we still are seeing positive trends in specialty. And I would say that the
performance tells us there's either more penetration opportunity or the competition is not moving as
quickly as maybe it may sound like. But either way, we're very pleased with what we're doing from a
specialty perspective. And as you recall, last year, they had some transient issues with margins that we
talked about. They're also doing this in a tough environment with improved margins.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre from Baird.

Mircea Dobre
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

If we can, I'd like to go back to the guidance. I'm just trying to understand the moving pieces here as
well. Can you maybe comment on how you're thinking about equipment rental revenue specifically from a
sequential standpoint relative to...

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Is your question from a year-over-year comp perspective or what exactly do you want to get at, Mig?

Mircea Dobre
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I'm trying to understand how you're thinking about revenue sequentially rather than year-over-year, right?
I recognize that you commented on seasonality. But obviously, there are a lot of moving pieces here as
we're dealing with yet another big spike in infections and activity is choppy in some end markets like you
called out. So I'm trying to understand specifically here, are you thinking that this line item can be flat
sequentially, maybe a little bit down? How do you think about it?

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

So we would expect Q4, in any environment, over Q3 to be sequentially down. And you heard us talk
before. Once we get around mid-November, we start to see what we lovingly -- and I use that tongue-
in-cheek -- call the turkey drop. So for the 30 years I've been in this business, I've never quite gotten
comfortable with it. But we'll see a lot of fleet come off rent during that last half of the quarter. So
therefore, we always expect sequentially that Q4 revenue will be lower than Q3 revenue by a little bit.

And when you look at our change to our guidance, we're actually overall for total rent revenue for the
year and revenue for the year feeling better than we did a few months ago. So I would think that, that
sequential dip would be normal seasonality and part of what we've been talking about as that normal
seasonal trend. Nothing out of the ordinary for us. Matter of fact, if you think about the fact that we
just raised CapEx, that's for specific projects that are coming out of the ground here in Q4 and specific
opportunities. So that, in itself, we view as a positive sign that rent revenue will continue to trend with
normal seasonal patterns.

Mircea Dobre
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

UNITED RENTALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Okay. I appreciate that. And then the follow-up on the cost side, given the way you're kind of thinking
about equipment rental revenue. As far as the cost of equipment rental sequentially, should that follow
revenue as well or are there some inflationary items that can impact the fourth quarter?

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

I would say that just tactically, right, as a lifelong operator, one of the interesting things in Q4 is when
all that fleet comes off rent, you are still going to have an enormous amount of activity, although you're
not increasing your volumes of billable revenue, because you're going to get all that fleet back and you're
going to repair it when you get it back. So there are a little bit of cost disconnect in Q4 to that dynamic,
but nothing out of the ordinary. Nothing that we haven't managed for years here and nothing to call out
specifically. But it is just to think about it sequentially saying the cost would drop to the same level of
revenue is usually not quite accurate in Q4, but nothing to call out, nothing out of the ordinary.

Mircea Dobre
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. Understood. And if I may one more. If we're looking at your fleet, the actual number of units
came down maybe, call it, 30,000 through 2020. And I'm just curious, can you provide some perspective
in terms of what the mix of these units were? I mean, was there maybe a little more concentration in
earthmoving aerials? And anything that you'd call out here would be helpful.

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I wouldn't say that the fleet profile has changed significantly overall. We continue to outspend our
way in specialty products versus gen rent. But outside of that, the mix within gen rent, it will vary a little
bit depending on projects and needs, but nothing material that I would call out.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS.

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just to clarify what the base case you talked to David Raso about reflects in terms of market activity year-
over-year next year. Does that base case assume a modest decline in the market or flat or some modest
growth or really it doesn't assume anything at all for the market? Just as a rule, replace whatever you sell
regardless of what the markets are. Just wanted to clarify that, please.

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So the latter. To be clear, right, we'll use the replacement CapEx as a starting point, then that will
flex to meet demand, right? We'll first fill demand with existing capacity.

Let's say, for example, in this year, where that existing capacity we had was greater, we had more
opportunity that told us that we didn't need to replace all, that would be going one direction. The other
direction is, we fill any incremental demand that was beyond the existing fleet size, right, thinking about
that starting point being keeping fleet constant.

Whatever gap we couldn't fill with existing capacity, existing fleet, we would then get incremental capital.
So it's not a forecast usage tool. It's just to think about in a continually improving macro environment,
your starting point, if we didn't need to shrink the fleet, would be to start at that replacement capital
number. That's really what that was illustrating.

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

UNITED RENTALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Got it. And then I wonder if you could just talk about the lessons learned in the post-election period in
2017 and how you manage the fleet. And I know macro environments are always a bit different. But
curious, we're going to be coming up against another post-election period. There may be some optimism
on infrastructure. Anything that you learned last time that you're trying to incorporate now and over the
next few months as you kind of plan for what you may or may not need to do?

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

I would say from a political perspective, outside of some type of infrastructure funding, which I think
has bipartisan support, the issue there is how they're going to get funded. Outside of that, we'll keep
a very close eye on that as we have. We're not really watching that political environment from a macro
perspective too much. We understand there may be winners and losers in certain sectors, but the impact
on our business will be, we'll shift the assets to the winning verticals, and that's part of the resiliency of
our model is that flexibility of very fungible assets. Personally, I think how we get through the pandemic
will have a much bigger impact on how fast the economy recovers than the political environment. But once
again, we have the time to wait and see and react.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard from Bernstein.

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

So it's probably fair to assume that we're going to see a shift in nonresidential construction away from
kind of the commercial side, probably more towards data centers, renewables, warehouses. Just trying
to understand like just how your equipment needs changed? If you could give some color on, from the
classes of equipment, the mix between general versus specialty mix, that would be super helpful.

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I would say that shift, right, within non-res would not be as pronounced. Maybe you'll get a little bit
heavier to some larger scissor products versus smaller electric scissors, maybe a move a little bit of reach
fork in. But these are businesses and end markets that we've been supporting for quite some time. And so
I wouldn't view a huge profile change from our asset base.

As far as specialty, that's all about penetration. I would see infrastructure being a major area. I would
see as turnarounds come back in refineries, that could be more opportunity for our specialty business as
well as our gen rent. So I wouldn't say that shift within non-res as making a huge fleet profile change. I
think more it would be industrial changes that would give us some maybe outweighted opportunity for our
specialty products because the industrial end markets tend to use the sole source broader fleet usage for
us.

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Got it. And then just in your industrial side of your business, can you talk about the pace of recovery that
you're seeing right now? How far below normalized levels is that business and kind of thinking specifically
on the petchems refining side?

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Petrochem has really been a challenge this year, led by upstream. When you think about, I believe
that rig count for Q3 was down 73% for upstream. So that's been the biggest challenge within a
challenging overall petrochem environment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

UNITED RENTALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

And our upstream business was down 56% in the quarter. The good news for us is, it's kind of bottomed
out. It's about 2% of overall revenue. So we're not counting on or expecting any recovery there anytime
soon. If it comes, we'll measure how quickly we'll react and how we'll react with really just specific key
customers that have bigger value for us and not chasing the oil rush. I don't think I see us doing that
again.

Downstream is a totally different ball of wax. And they as well have been challenged, but we're very well
positioned with these refineries. And I think as the world opens up again and the need for their output
increases, we're going to be poised, very well poised for that to be a future opportunity. Whether that
happens, at what period in 2021 that happens, we don't have a position on yet.

I can tell you that fourth quarter turnarounds and shutdowns have been delayed again as these people
are really conserving cash and trying to do everything they can to control costs. But we'll be patient and
I would see that as an opportunity. But when you look at petrochem overall, it's about 12% of our overall
business and challenged right now.

Industrial, when you take that out, has actually been flat. It's been moderating. So it's been a better story
once you take that petrochem headwind out of it. And I talked a little bit about the potential for offshoring,
the potential for manufacturing opportunity here. And that's something we're keeping a close eye on
because that could be another leg of growth that we can look forward to, to kind of offset some of the
challenges in the industrial end market.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research.

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Matt, I wanted to ask, if I could, one short term and one long-term question. And the short term is, you've
done a lot on downside flexibility in the cost structure and industry pricing has held up according to PPI
and so forth.

Based on prior downturns, when do you think you're kind of -- you can put the stamp on it and say, yes,
this really has worked differently. Maybe price should have already collapsed and it hasn't so it's already
there, maybe at till spring, maybe longer. I'm just a little bit curious about how you feel about when that is
sort of finally proven out?

My structural question, if I may, amidst all this, should we expect that your continuing strategic activity?
And if we look out 3 years, are you going to be in a couple of new specialty verticals? And is there any
underlying progress on what you might be looking at there?

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So on the first part of your question, that is a wildcard, right? This is where our lack of visibility of
trying to time out when this location downturn pandemic future term. When it ends, we really -- I think we
really have to wait and see how we respond specifically in this winter and how things go up, and how the
government, municipality, state and really, the population responds to it. So this is a bit different than any
of the other downturns I've been in, in my career.

So I would say that, that's still an open-ended question for us. But I think we've been seeing the signs of
resiliency through this. And I think that whether it's the used sales volume holding up, whether it's that
we're still seeing new projects start during the fourth quarter as there's still a lot of concerns about when
the broader economy is going to accelerate.

So we feel, I'll repeat, cautiously optimistic. We're seeing some good signs. They could all pause and go
back. We don't know, but I think we're positioned as I talked about our flexibility for it either way. So there
is no template, no boiler plate, for pandemic-related downturn that I could pull out of the drawer. But at
the same time, we are seeing activity pick up, which I do as a very positive sign.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

UNITED RENTALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

From an M&A perspective, we continue to be focused on any M&A pipeline activity that we think makes
sense for us strategically and then it goes through the rigor. Well, does it make sense? Is the timing, right?
And most importantly, does it make financial sense?

So admittedly, for the past 6 months, it hasn't been a large area of focus. But the pipeline still keeps
working. Our M&A team, our business dev team will take inbound calls still keeps working. And we'll
continue to do that with a lean towards anything that we can do to serve our customers with more
products and services. to broaden that, as you've heard me talk about that competitive moat to help do
more -- solve more problems, we think, is just part of our whole value prop. So there would continue to
be that lean to any new products that we can bring to market with our existing customers on our existing
project is something we're focused on.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer.

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

I guess, I'm curious on your fleet productivity metric. Could you just give us some high-level thoughts
on cadence of that? Inflection? And some of the considerations perhaps how you're seeing smaller
competitors behave in this environment that we're in?

Jessica T. Graziano
Executive VP & CFO

Scott, it's Jess. So yes, I mean, we're encouraged as we think about fleet productivity in an environment
where this healing continues and the recovery, this moderate recovery, extends into 2021 that we've
talked about fleet productivity getting better, right, and starting to turn, particularly in the back half of
next year, right?

May come a little sooner, depending on how that recovery works through, but we are encouraged that,
with a focus on continuing to have better absorption with each quarter that passes, that, that fleet
productivity is going to get better for us as 2021 goes on.

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

And then as a follow-up, just on the fleet aging, we're in that type of environment. Just curious, your
comfort level of how high you can go on average? I know what its announcement by asset consideration,
but also efficiency efforts and advancements you've made in repair and maintenance over the years that
makes you comfortable in the demand at the moment?

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Scott. So when we think about how much we sweated the fleet, I'll use the term that's been used
frequently. The great news is because of the used sales volume that we've had this year and the ability
to continue to get out what we call RUL, rental useful life fleet and manage this cradle to grave of these
assets, we actually, I think we picked up on a year-over-year basis only about 5 months of fleet aging.
Considering what we've gone through, that's less than we thought we would have, quite frankly. So
we've always talked about that we'd have 12 months of headroom, at least in any particular cat class. We
haven't even had to use half of that in what's been a very challenging year.

So not that I want to see this into anyone's future. If we had to wash, rinse and repeat 2020 again in '21,
we'd be able to do it from a fleet age perspective without any meaningful increase in R&M. So that's the
way we view that. We're very comfortable with that. And yes, once again, it's important the way that we
manage assets cradle to grave. The exit part of this is a big part of keeping that fleet age healthy and
have the ability to get through any part of the cycle.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

UNITED RENTALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Operator

Our final question for today comes from the line of Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley.

Courtney Yakavonis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I was wondering if we could just go back to the in-sourcing discussion. It sounds like overtime has been
picking up this quarter. You haven't really reduced the headcount at all. It's pretty almost flat year-over-
year. Can you just help us understand how much more in-sourcing can you do without having to raise
the headcount to do that? And if you can just help us quantify at all how much that opportunity could be?
Maybe what you spent on third party last year versus the increased overtime could be this year? And then
also, do you have any more systems in place that will help you manage that headcount maybe a little bit
better and why you haven't done it historically?

Jessica T. Graziano
Executive VP & CFO

Courtney, it's Jess. So the headcount actually has gone down. So on a year-over-year and even as we
think about the headcount from, let's call it, the middle of March when the pandemic started, we've had
some natural attrition in the business where our headcount has declined. And we have leaned on that
overtime that I mentioned, did go up in the third quarter. We have leaned on that overtime not just to
support that in-sourcing effort that we're doing with repair and delivery, but also to support just the fact
that headcount is down across the branches.

So as we think about continuing to really manage through the opportunity of bringing that premium third-
party cost in-house, it's a learning that we've had through the COVID period of having a better balance
around how much full-time headcount do we want, how much overtime can we use as a flex for when
seasonally the activity will peak and ebb and how we can continue to use third parties where we need to,
but really focus instead on using our own capacity to be able to support the activity.

Now if we think about that from what's that worth financially, frankly, I don't think the business has
normalized for enough of a period of time where we can put a number on that. But I can tell you as one
of the primary learnings we had from an operational perspective, there's definitely opportunity for us
to continue to tweak how we use our inside labor to be able to support the business. I couldn't tell you
right now exactly how much that's worth, but it's definitely something that could drive productivity in the
future.

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

Courtney, just for me to add on, it's one interesting point you made, it sounds like me talking in a
business review with the team in the field. When you talk about how can we kind of manage the
headcount earlier? I actually think we might have. What we're learning is we may have overmanaged it.
And using headcount as a proxy for cost and what in-sourcing has taught us and what I think the future
opportunity is, you can keep your head heavier and get rid of higher per transaction cost through the
outsourcing, which we used to look at as the opportunity for seasonal spikes. So these are some of the
learnings that we'll be looking at. Jess and the team will be turning through and great opportunity for the
future.

Courtney Yakavonis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's helpful. And then just on the step-up, however slight it was in gross CapEx. Can you just share, was
that largely just more replacement or was that more focused on specialty? And just any thoughts about
the increase that you saw this year or was it really just because utilization trended better than you were
expecting?

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

UNITED RENTALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Yes. This was really a mix of both things that you had mentioned. Certainly, some specialty and we have
mentioned how power has had a real strong year. So certainly, some more capital than we had expected
going there. But also even within our gen rent product lines, there are some categories that as we sat
here at peak season in October, we were tied up. And it's hard to believe when you think about that
fleet productivity and volume still down year-over-year, but every dollar of CapEx is not created equal.
There are some assets out there that we needed to go purchase to support some big customers on some
projects coming out of the ground and that's what that raise was about.

By definition, if you think about replacement CapEx being dollar for dollar, we won't replace all the fleet
that we sold this year because our spend will be significantly less than the OEC value of what we sold. So
it really wouldn't be tied to replacement.

Operator

Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the
program back to Matthew Flannery for any further remarks.

Matthew J. Flannery
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, operator. And to everyone on the call, we appreciate your time. Thanks for joining. I'm glad
we had, what we feel, is a positive story to tell. And our Q3 investor deck has the latest updates, including
some key ESG data from our new corporate responsibility report that we released last week. So please
take a look at that.

And as always, if you have any questions, feel free to call Ted. So until we talk again in January, stay safe,
have a good holiday season and look forward to talking to you soon.

Operator, you can end the call.

Operator
Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does
conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

UNITED RENTALS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

