V.F. Corporation NYSE:VFC
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, May 15, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.14

0.10

(28.57 %)

(0.40)

2.91

2.68

(7.90 %)

1.81

2279.34

2102.42

(7.76 %)

1314.92

11226.18

10488.56

(6.57 %)

9815.61

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-14-2020 10:03 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.29

1.30

1.21

0.14

0.30

1.26

1.23

0.10

3.45 %

(3.08 %)

1.65 %

(28.57 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Joe Alkire
VP of Corporate Development,
Treasury & Investor Relations

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President &
CEO

ANALYSTS

Adrienne Eugenia Yih-Tennant
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Camilo Russi Lyon
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

James Vincent Duffy
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Jonathan Robert Komp
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings and welcome to the VF Corporation Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to introduce
your host, Joe Alkire. Please go ahead, sir.

Joe Alkire
VP of Corporate Development, Treasury & Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to VF Corporation's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. Participants
on today's call will make forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations
and are subject to uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These uncertainties are
detailed in documents filed regularly with the SEC. Unless otherwise noted, amounts referred to on today's
call will be on an adjusted constant dollar basis, which we defined in the press release that was issued this
morning. We use adjusted constant dollar amounts as lead numbers in our discussion because we believe
they more accurately represent the true operational performance and underlying results of our business.
You may also hear us refer to reported amounts, which are in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Reconciliations
of GAAP measures to adjusted amounts can be found in the supplemental financial tables included in the
press release, which identify and quantify all excluded items and provide management's view of why this
information is useful to investors.

During the fourth quarter of 2020, the company determined that the Occupational Workwear business met
the held for sale and discontinued operations accounting criteria. Accordingly, the company has reported
the related assets and liabilities of the Occupational Workwear business in discontinued operations as of
the date noted above and include the operating results of this business in discontinued operations for all
periods presented.

During the first quarter of fiscal 2020, the company completed the spin-off of its Jeans business into an
independent, publicly traded company under the name Kontoor Brands. Accordingly, the company has
removed the assets and liabilities of the Jeans business as of the date noted above and included the
operating results of this business in discontinued operations for all periods presented. Unless otherwise
noted, results presented on today's call are based on continuing operations.

Joining me on today's call will be VF's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Rendle; and
Chief Financial Officer, Scott Roe. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call for questions. Steve?

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Joe, and welcome, everyone. I hope my comments this morning find you and your family safe
and healthy. Please bear with us today as we are all working from separate locations.

It is remarkable how quickly the world has changed since our last call just a few months ago. Through the
first 10 months of the year, VF had a powerful momentum, tracking ahead of our long-range plan. And
while COVID has profoundly impacted the world as well as our business for the last 2 months of our fiscal
year, I've never been more confident in our people, our brands and our future. It's times like these that
serve as a purifying fire, separating the best companies from the rest.

We have prepared ourselves well for a time such as this. Our strong brands, our financial and supply chain
disciplines, coupled with our fortress balance sheet, allows us to weather almost any storm. I'm confident
that VF will emerge from this crisis in a position of strength, prepared to accelerate at a time when many
are under tremendous financial strain and unable to adequately invest in their business.

And while COVID has appropriately been a dominant theme recently, let's not forget that 2020 has been
a year of significant accomplishments for VF. To name just a few: the move to Denver; the release of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

science-based targets in line with our commitment to sustainability; the successful spin-off of Kontoor
Brands; and the announcement of our intent to sell the Occupational Workwear business.

Even with this exceptional activity, we were managing our way to a strong year. Through the first 3
quarters of fiscal '20, we have delivered 9% organic revenue growth, more than 100 basis points of gross
margin expansion and 19% organic earnings growth. Vans and The North Face, our 2 largest properties,
were growing 17% and 9%, respectively, and our global D2C platform was growing at a double-digit rate,
led by 20% digital growth.

So what's giving me confidence about our future? First and foremost, our incredible community of
associates: from our experienced leadership team actively managing this crisis, to our distribution center
associates working tirelessly to enable our brands to continue serving their consumers. Words cannot fully
express how thankful I am for the entire VF family and their infallible commitment to each other and our
business.

Next, the nimbleness of our enterprise, which has demonstrated once again the ability to adapt and act
with agility to protect our people, protect our enterprise and preserve liquidity and to quickly pivot to
those priorities, which position us to emerge in an advantaged position. And I'm thankful that we have
been aggressively transforming VF into a consumer-led, retail-centric, digitally focused enterprise.

This transformation, coupled with the renewed focus on the 3-lens approach to managing the portfolio,
has honed our organizational focus and simplified our business model. Our ability to pivot in light of
changing consumer and distribution environments through portfolio actions has been and will continue
to be both a catalyst for growth as well as a hedge against risk. Our movement away from challenged
distribution channels while focusing more deeply on the most attractive, addressable markets gives us a
real advantage in an uncertain and fast-evolving world.

Finally, for the commitment across our organization to act as a purpose-led, performance-driven
enterprise during a time of crisis. In addition to providing pay continuity to retail associates during the
global lockdown and increasing hourly wages for our distribution center associates, VF has committed
nearly $7 million in financial support and product donations across more than 20 different branded
initiatives. And we're in the process of producing up to 3.5 million pieces of urgently needed PPE for
COVID-19 relief efforts.

Our most recent COVID-related actions are in addition to the ongoing efforts around our Made For Change
initiatives, leading with science-based targets, focused on improving people's lives and planet. Using the
considerable scale and resources of VF for the betterment of both people and the planet are not just the
right thing to do, it's good business as we forge even deeper connections with our consumers during this
time of crisis. Collectively, these characteristics position VF to not only weather this storm but to emerge
as an even stronger, leaner, digitally oriented enterprise on the other side of the current pandemic.

In light of the current environment and the new world we find ourselves operating within, I'd like to
spend a few minutes highlighting the key elements of how VF is managing the now as well as how we are
approaching emergence from this crisis and how we intend to capitalize on the next.

Regarding the now, from the early days of the outbreak in China, we've taken a people-first approach in
our COVID-19 response, prioritizing the health and safety of our people while also protecting their financial
well-being. As my good friend and North Face athlete, Jimmy Chin told me, "All storms pass. It's how you
weather them that matters." We have a bias for action and decisiveness to effectively manage this crisis,
and I'm proud of the actions we've taken, guided by our values.

As we've implemented measures to care for and protect our people, we've also taken several key actions
to advance our Enterprise Protection Strategy. These prudent actions have helped us preserve and
enhance liquidity and given us more flexibility to manage our operations through a prolonged crisis. These
actions have included: reducing discretionary spending and compensation across the VF senior leadership
team and our Board; proactively executing a $3 billion bond offering to establish a significant cash buffer
and ensure over $5 billion of near-term liquidity; implementing a thorough and rigorous review of current
inventory and forward inventory commitments; suspending our share repurchase program; collaborating

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

closely with our most important strategic partners across the value chain; and finally, proceeding with
our previously announced divestiture of VF's Occupational Workwear business as a potential source of
additional cash.

One of VF's greatest assets has always been our operational discipline and the rigor with which we
manage our balance sheet. Today, that discipline and know-how are coming together to create a range of
options for how we maintain and further bolster our position of strength, which Scott will cover shortly.

Turning to our brands, all of which remain focused on driving consumer connectivity and brand
engagement during these unprecedented times. Our brand teams are, more than ever, using this unique
opportunity to share best practices, key insights and learnings among our marketing and digital leaders to
accelerate impact and efficiency. We have made a purposeful shift in our consumer engagement actions
to employ greater empathy and compassion, connecting with consumers in the unique stay-at-home
environment, we all find ourselves in. This strategic shift has resulted in stronger engagement and affinity,
leading to higher consideration and conversion. I encourage you to explore our brand websites and social
platforms to see this come to life: demonstrated in the North Face's health care worker and first responder
initiative, coupled with the "united to move the world" program; along with Vans' Bouncing off the Walls
campaign, shoebox challenge activation and Foot the Bill program; or Altra's embrace space virtual
workouts; and Timberland's stay strong campaign. I'm proud of our brand's ability to maintain strong
emotional connectivity with our consumers despite this disruption in the world around us.

None of us knows exactly how the COVID-19 outbreak will change our world, but we're already beginning
to see signs of what is to come. Unfortunately, our brands and businesses are uniquely positioned to
address certain evolutions in consumer behaviors and value systems. For example, we believe people will
place greater value on exploring the outdoors after spending so much time in their homes. We believe
there will be an increased commitment to personal well-being and active lifestyles with health becoming a
major new priority. We believe people will have a greater appreciation for the frontline workers who keep
others safe and the trades people who keep our world running. We believe there will be an elevated focus
on environmental sustainability that will lead to a sharper focus on combating global climate change. And
with online shopping serving as a lifeline for so many consumers around the world during the pandemic,
we believe the proliferation of e-commerce will be significant.

Regardless of whether these changes are subtle or seismic, our brand teams are already working to
connect even more intimately and meaningfully with consumers in a post-COVID world. Today, we're
preparing for this new future and positioning our brands to set the standard for what's next.

The long-term strategy we've introduced in 2017 has repeatedly proven that we're activating a powerful
plan capable of delivering sustainable, high-quality growth and top-quartile returns, and I strongly believe
that our strategy will be even more relevant in the years ahead. We've evolved and focused our strategy
since it was introduced, but the key choices at the heart of it remain the same: driving and optimizing the
portfolio; distorting investments toward Asia with a heightened focus on China; elevating D2C and digital;
and finally, underpinning our strategy is the steady transformation of our business model to make VF more
consumer-minded, retail-centric and hyper-digital in everything we do.

As we prepare for the next, our work is focused, amongst other things, on evolving our systems landscape
and building better capabilities and tools to power our brands forward. It is focused on leveraging
enterprise data and analytics with an emphasis on critical end-to-end data and digital capabilities to drive
consumer engagement and loyalty. This will take on a new level of importance as digital activity and
engagement continues to rise in a post-COVID world. We're also working to become increasingly agile in
how our teams work together, enabling us to move faster to seize opportunities whenever and wherever
they exist. It will result in a more agile and efficient operating model and organization design through the
lens of our consumer-minded, retail-centric, hyper-digital transformation.

Before passing the call over to Scott, I want to reiterate the deep gratitude I have for the incredible effort
each of our 50,000 associates put in during this past year. Fiscal '20 was an unprecedented year for many
of our teams even before the pandemic hit. Spinning off Jeans business, relocating associates and their
families to different cities and countries and now managing through the disruption of COVID-19 has been

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

an extraordinary ask. Our associates have been tested to the extreme, and they've responded just as you
would expect, with determination and a sharp focus on getting the job done.

But they did more than that. I'm so proud of the way our associates have rallied to help others in this time
of great need, living out our purpose in a very real and meaningful way. It's been truly humbling to see
how our teams have answered the call in our communities, and it gives me great hope in our collective
ability to overcome this moment together, driven by the power of human spirit.

It also gives me even greater confidence that VF corporation will be better on the other side of the
COVID-19 crisis. I believe that truly purpose-led brands and companies will fare better than others when
this situation is over because their decisions will be principled and based on values that consumers share.
By continuing to foster a sense of community with our consumers during these trying times, we are
positioning VF and our brands for a bright future.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Scott.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by echoing Steve's comments as I, too,
share a deep sense of gratitude for the leadership team and community of associates around the globe.
Both Steve and I have been part of the VF family for more than 20 years. And while I have a deep
understanding of the depth and unique capabilities resonant within VF, I am nonetheless humbled by the
commitment and excellence that I've witnessed as this great company continues to rise to the occasion.

This exceptional group of people is taking actions to position VF to accelerate upon emergence from
the crisis. The individual and collective efforts throughout every region, brand and function are nothing
short of amazing. A sincere thank you to each one of you. It's not just what you're doing but how you're
doing it that inspires me personally. The commitment of our associates to each other and to the broader
communities in which they work, while continuing to drive our business forward, embodies the core DNA
of VF as a purpose-led, performance-driven enterprise.

Last fall, at our Investor Day in Beaver Creek, we introduced the topic of portfolio resiliency and
specifically highlighted balance sheet and supply chain flexibility, fiscal discipline, diversification and
investment optionality as core tenets. It received less focus at the time given the growth trajectory of our
business and the economic backdrop at large. However, portfolio resiliency could not be more relevant for
where we are today as we manage through what Steve referred to as the now. So I'd like to spend a few
minutes providing insight and context for how we're navigating the current environment.

Let's start with balance sheet flexibility and fiscal discipline, a bedrock of VF's 121-year-old legacy. VF
entered this crisis with a fortress balance sheet and strong liquidity. Prior to the outbreak, our leverage
was below 2x. We were on track to returning close to $2 billion to shareholders in fiscal 2020 through
share repurchases and dividends, and we had significant dry powder to execute our M&A agenda. In year
1 of our long-range plan, we were tracking well against the goal to generate more than $8 billion of free
cash flow over the next 5 years.

Just a handful of months later, the whole world changed. Revenue across our sector froze overnight,
resulting in high rates of cash burn and disruption across the retail landscape. The capital markets
remained open, but there were growing concerns about the ability for even high-quality companies, such
as VF, to access committed lines of credit.

These are uncertain times, but in this moment of turmoil, we demonstrated both our willingness and
our ability to tangibly build excess liquidity to weather the disruption caused by COVID for a prolonged
period. With this in mind, we elected to raise $3 billion of longer-dated debt last month and fully repay
our revolver, providing VF with more than $5 billion of immediate liquidity. While our recent actions may
ultimately prove conservative, given the current uncertainty surrounding the retail sector, our actions are a
clear testament of VF's balance sheet flexibility and financial strength.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

Moving to the second dimension of our portfolio resiliency, supply chain flexibility and operational rigor.
The sophistication and scale of our global supply chain, coupled with our operational discipline, are
hallmarks of VF and a source of competitive advantage, particularly during times of uncertainty and
marketplace disruption. As the pandemic began to scale globally, our operational leaders mobilized quickly
to thoroughly assess inventory on hand and in process, assess inventory positions of key retail partners
and meaningfully reduce forward inventory purchase commitments through a rigorous and thoughtful
demand-supply matching process. We maintain an active and transparent dialogue with our key partners
and strategic suppliers as we work together on forward purchase commitments and product assortments.
We also remain in active conversations with our key retail partners as we collaborate on a thoughtful
plan to clear excess inventory moving forward and the appropriate level of future inventory purchases
considering the current environment.

Throughout these conversations, our focus is undeniably on the long-term health and sustainability of VF,
our brands and our partners. And while many of these conversations are difficult, we have not strayed
from our core values, approaching each discussion with honesty, transparency and integrity. Yet another
example of how our enterprise-scale, supply chain flexibility, fiscal discipline and financial capacity,
coupled with our deep-rooted history of treating each stakeholder ethically, can position VF to emerge
from this crisis in an advantaged position.

Turning to the third dimension of portfolio resiliency, investment optionality. Optionality applies to both
capital allocation as well as investment spending, both capital and expense. Our short-term capital
allocation priorities have changed. While share repurchases remain a key element of our long-term plan,
we are taking actions to preserve liquidity and have decided to suspend our share repo program for the
time being. We do, however, remain committed to our dividend, of course, subject to Board approval. Our
dividend has and will remain an integral part of our TSR algorithm over the long-term, and the recent
actions we've taken to shore up liquidity give testament to our ability to continue to support the dividend.

Regarding investment spending, we have selectively reduced discretionary spending and CapEx in light of
the current environment. We have focused our remaining investments on the aspects of our strategy that
we believe will be even more important growth drivers in a post-COVID world: specifically D2C and digital,
including digitally focused demand creation and technology. And while it's still very early days, our April
results support the general belief that digital commerce will only increase in importance.

And finally, we are reexamining all structural overhead in light of a rapidly changing world. Historical
analog support structures are being reimagined in a hyper-digital future. These actions will simplify the
business model and increase agility, necessary traits in this fast-evolving marketplace.

So wrapping up the concept of optionality, I will front run a topic I know is on any of your minds, M&A.
First, with regard to our Occupational Work business, we're proceeding with our sale process. As I'm
sure you've noticed in our release, this business has qualified for held-for-sale, discontinued operations
accounting treatment. We remain in active conversations with prospective buyers and are confident we
have a transaction completed during this fiscal year. We will keep you apprised as the process unfolds in
the coming months.

With that said, while the strategic rationale for the divestiture is unchanged. There is no urgency to
sell these assets from a financial standpoint. As is always the case, a material deterioration in market
conditions could impact the ultimate timing of a transaction.

As it relates to potential acquisitions, we continue to actively assess strategic opportunities and believe
the disruption caused by COVID could lead to an increase in M&A activity and the availability of attractive
assets. While our first priority remains stabilizing our organic business, we are well positioned from a
liquidity standpoint to pivot to an offensive posture when prudent.

M&A remains our top capital allocation and strategic priority on a medium to long-term basis. The
disruption underway across our sector will undoubtedly provide ample opportunities for strong companies
with demonstrated M&A capabilities to create significant shareholder value through inorganic growth.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

The final element of portfolio resiliency I'd like to highlight is that of diversification. As companies across
the globe report earnings, we are reminded of the advantage of running a global enterprise during this
crisis. The ability to extract learnings from reopening protocols, traffic trends and consumer behaviors in
our APAC region allows us to be more informed in planning for the ensuing recovery across other regions.
It also gives us a several-month head start compared to mono-geography companies.

Our diversified channel footprint has also been critical, most notably our digital business. While our owned
D2C digital platform is about 12% of revenue today, our total digital footprint, including digital wholesale,
is closer to 20% of the business. The ability to keep these channels open during this lockdown period has
been critical in our ability to continually engage with our consumers. And recent trends suggest significant
growth in the digital channels are likely to mitigate some of the brick-and-mortar short calls, although it's
too early to understand fully how this will evolve.

I want to conclude my comments on diversification by directly addressing our wholesale footprint in
light of the heightened disruption we see underway in certain segments of the distribution landscape.
Considering our digital wholesale and international partnership stores, roughly half of our business today
is D2C and consumer facing. Of the remaining wholesale business, roughly half is through international
wholesale, which was healthy and growing heading into the crisis and remains well positioned. In U.S.
wholesale, which represents about 25% of total revenue, we have dramatically reduced exposure to the
more structurally challenged mid-tier and department store channels, which now represent less than
5% of VF revenue in fiscal '20. The largest portion of our U.S. brick-and-mortar wholesale business
sits in what we call specialty, which is primarily comprised of differentiated, healthy outdoor, active and
athletic retailers. Most of these retailers have healthy and growing digital businesses of their own. Our
key accounts entered this crisis strong, and we are actively working with our partners to emerge from this
crisis stronger together.

So to summarize, I'm confident that our balance sheet and liquidity positioning, investment optionality,
supply chain flexibility and portfolio diversification position VF with the capacity to navigate the current
environment and provide us with the ammunition to drive accelerated growth and returns as we begin to
emerge from COVID. Our diversified TSR model with a strong commitment to the dividend, coupled with
both organic and inorganic optionality delivers a unique and balanced value creation model.

So now moving on to our fundamentals and recent business performance. Our business was showing
strong momentum heading into the final months of our fiscal year as evidenced by 9% organic revenue
growth and 19% organic earnings growth during the first 3 quarters of fiscal 2020. The fourth quarter,
however, marked a profound change in conditions. Our Asia business was essentially shut down for 2
weeks, our European business was closed anywhere from 2 to 3 weeks, and our North American business
was closed the final 2 weeks of the quarter. Unsurprisingly, our results for the fourth quarter reflect the
operational impacts of the disruption just outlined.

Despite this disruption, we're encouraged by the trends we experienced in our digital business during the
quarter, which remained operational in all 3 regions. On a global basis, Vans, The North face, Dickies and
our emerging brands grew -- all grew double digits. EMEA generated low-teen digital growth led by more
than 40% growth at The North Face. EMEA's digital business declined over 20% in the month of March,
but reaccelerated to high-teens growth in April, led by triple-digit growth in The North Face.

The APAC region generated 19% digital growth, led by more than 20% growth in China, driven by
strength at Vans and Dickies. Our digital trends in APAC were essentially a month ahead of EMEA with
a significant decline in February, followed by a sharp rebound in March. With growth of more than 30%,
led by vans and dickies. In April, digital normalized somewhat with growth in the high teens. The digital
business in Americas grew at a low single-digit rate during Q4 as strength in Vans was offset by softer
trends at The North Face. Following modest declines in February and March, we've experienced a sharp
recovery in April, which has continued into May, with triple-digit growth, driven by broad-based strength
across the Big 4 brands. And while it's too early to draw strong conclusions from our quarter-to-date
performance, we are encouraged by the relative consistent phasing of the recovery curves across regions
to date.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

As you saw in the release this morning, due to the current marketplace uncertainties, we're not providing
a formal fiscal 2021 outlook at this time. However, I can share with you how we expect our business to
evolve over the course of the coming year across our 3 geographic regions and the approach we're taking
to planning our business.

Through the remainder of the first quarter, we expect North America and EMEA to begin to reopen, and we
expect continued steady improvement in the APAC region. We anticipate disruption across the distribution
landscape, resulting in a highly promotional marketplace. We expect high-teen inventory growth in the
first quarter followed by lower inventory levels on a year-over-year basis as we move through the balance
of the year.

Moving into our second quarter, we expect to see sequential improvement in North America and EMEA
but expect both regions to decline significantly on a year-over-year basis. We expect our APAC region to
continue to accelerate. We believe promotional activity will likely remain elevated and expect disruption
across the distribution landscape to continue. By the third quarter, we believe our APAC business will begin
to return to a more normalized growth alongside a stabilizing North America and European marketplace
as we enter the fall holiday season. We believe continued promotional activity is likely. We expect our
North America and EMEA businesses to return to modest growth by the end of our fiscal year with APAC
returning to more normalized growth. We believe the promotional environment will begin to moderate as
the impacts of excess inventory and retail consolidation begin to stabilize.

Underlying the expected evolution of our business just outlined is an acceleration of our hyper-digital
transformation. As we look ahead, digital will become even more central to VF's growth and success.
Our fiscal '21 investments in digital transformation, which represent about 80% of all planned strategic
investment for the fiscal year, offer a springboard of how we will leap into a more advantaged future. I
look forward to sharing more details as the year unfolds.

Given the recovery expectations just outlined and the visibility we have into the current quarter, we expect
revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 2021 to be down slightly more than 50%. For the full year, we expect
to deliver at least $600 million of free cash flow through a combination of operating earnings, working
capital management and lower CapEx. I we believe this supports a year-end liquidity position of at least
$5 billion with over $3 billion of cash on hand and a net leverage ratio below 3x. These numbers exclude
the potential proceeds from our Occupational Work divestiture, which could provide an additional source of
liquidity.

So in closing, VF has navigated many crises over our 121-year history and have demonstrated willingness
and ability to evolve our portfolio and strategy to stay relevant as consumer behaviors and the
marketplace evolve. There is no question that the COVID-19 disruption will have lasting impacts on our
sector. There will be retail casualties. This will accelerate industry consolidation. This will likely accelerate
category trends, which we believe will benefit from activity-based lifestyle brands. We are witnessing the
acceleration of digital commerce and the critical importance of direct consumer engagement. We also
believe this environment will shine an even brighter light on corporate values and highlight the importance
of purpose-led enterprises.

Ultimately, we believe what we're witnessing right now is an acceleration of underlying trends, which
were forming before the crisis hit; further supporting our consumer-minded, retail-centric, hyper-digital
strategy; further supporting our portfolio reshaping efforts from the past 3 years; and further supporting
our portfolio focus towards activity-based lifestyle brands in large, growing and structurally attractive
addressable markets. The building blocks of our long-term, strategic plan are unchanged, but the pace of
market and consumer evolution will undoubtedly accelerate.

Fortunately, we've been moving down a path to transformation to this new reality for several years
using portfolio moves as a catalyst. We will continue to focus our key, strategic choices around the
transformation to our retail-centric, digitally led enterprise. The combination of all these levers, coupled
with a diversified TSR model, will place VF in an advantaged position.
So with that, we'll turn the call back to the operator and take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Robert Drbul from Guggenheim Securities.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

I guess just I was wondering if you could spend a little more time on inventory levels, I guess, by brand.
And I was just wondering if you could maybe explain a little better in terms of your plans of, through the
promotional environment, whether you would pack stuff away, maybe use of off-price. Just the different
approaches you might take in terms of the level of promotion to sort of get the supply-demand imbalance
in the coming quarters.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Bob. Scott, speaking. I'll take that one. So we've gone through, as you can imagine, a really
rigorous process, demand and supply match. And as we've looked at forward demand signals, order books
-- and this varies a bit depending on the brand and the geography. But in general, we're seeing forward
order books, fall, winter, that are down in that 20% to 30% range, excluding APAC, which, of course, is
ahead from a recovery standpoint. And so what we've done is we've -- even from a buy standpoint, gone
even a little more aggressive than that, below that. Because our goal here, Bob, is to both make sure we
have the right assortments and enough newness on the floor as we go through '20 -- I'm sorry, fiscal '21.
But more importantly, we want to exit this year in a point of equilibrium from an inventory standpoint. And
that means both our own inventory and inventory at retail.

So as a result, what we're doing is we're looking at the inventory that we own. We're aggressively taking,
I would say, market-appropriate discounting to try to clear excess inventory, and we expect that to
continue through the balance of the year. But we're also looking at building assortments that ensure we
have enough newness, and at the same time, being a little more aggressive on the carryover side of the
business in order to make sure that as we exit this year, our inventories are back in line.

That varies by brands. If you think about our largest brand, Vans, we have relatively less seasonal goods.
As you think about The North Face, there's relatively more. So in some cases, we're looking at holding
inventory and building those assortments and reducing forward buys. This is also where our outlets really
come into play. We reduce our forward buys for outlets and use the goods that we have on hand from a
merchandising standpoint. So hopefully, that gives you some shape of how we're thinking about inventory
in the situation.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question today is coming from Omar Saad from Evercore ISI.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I would love more detail on the digital platform you're building. I know you're talking a lot about e-
commerce and digital, and the information you provided around penetration rates is also really helpful. But
specifically, where are you on apps, loyalty programs, data analytical capabilities and also on omnichannel
BOPUS. If we remain -- even if stores open, if we remain in a subdued traffic environment, being able
to offer the consumer inventory across channels and touch points that maybe they don't want to go and
spend the time in a store shopping, where are you on your capabilities for kind of omnichannel inventory
management and, broadly speaking on digital. I know it's a focus, but dive in a little bit deeper there for
us.

Steven E. Rendle

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Omar, this is Steve. I'll start. I'd tell you, the one thing that we're -- one of the things we're most happy
about is this transformation that we've been putting in place the last 2 years and really increasing our
focus on our digital platform, our digital capabilities and our consumer-facing information around our
data platform. So where we are is a strong position, and we're continuing to invest in our digital platform,
specifically just ease of shopping, different purchase and checkout capabilities, doubling down on our
mobile and, to your point, on apps. It's an area of great opportunity for us, and you can see both Vans
and North Face do use those to some degree. But that's an area where we're going to double down and
invest.

Our loyalty program, our Vans business, is now up over 12 million. And our North Face business is
somewhere in the, I think, 7 million to 8 million consumers in their loyalty program. And it's that level of
information that's giving us insights into where our consumers are, what they're expecting and how should
we be engaging with them. And we'll continue to build our consumer data platform and analytics capability
to be able to really get closer, build greater engagement and affinity.

We've pivoted quite a bit on our kind of buy online, pick up in store, how we're thinking about buy online,
return to store. And then this new notion of buy online, pick up at curb. That was not something we
had in our toolkit a month ago. And in the next 2 weeks, we'll be standing that up, not only here in
North America, but in Europe. So the one thing that gives me so much confidence is the agility that our
organization is showing, our digital and technology team. Where we've made significant investment in
people and capabilities is strengthening us in this time where consumers are pivoted so strongly towards
engaging with brands online, not just on the content, but as we've seen, significant growth in our online
sales, April and month-to-date. We're in a really good position, and I couldn't be happier with our decision
3 years ago to make this pivot to be more consumer-minded, retail-centric and hyper-digital in everything
we do.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And then one quick follow-up, Steve.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I know. But just real quick. Can you hear me?

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Sure, Scott.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So I just wanted to say -- just to reiterate what Steve said, we talked about focused investments.
This is an area where we're not pulling back, right? We're continuing to prioritize on our investments here.
So could we see more short-term profitability by cutting expenses such as this? Yes, we could. But this is
an area where we're maintaining our investment, doubling down.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

One quick follow-up. Where do you -- have you said where you see that kind of 20% overall penetration
could go? And then is your digital capability, is that important when you're in discussion with potential
acquisition candidates, the digital prowess you can bring to their brand franchises?

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

Remind me, Joe, I don't think we've stated where we think it will go. That 20% is not -- is both our own
as well as our wholesale digital partners. But that is where all of the energy is certainly pivoting from
a consumer standpoint, and we see that becoming a much more significant part of our go-to-market
strategy.

When we think about acquisitions, certainly, brands that would have this capability within the addressable
markets that we've talked about would be certainly an advantage that we would be looking for. But we're
also looking at partnerships that would bring enhanced skills, capabilities in the area of data and different
parts of the analytics toolkit that we would like to get quicker time to value.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from Michael Binetti from Crédit Suisse.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I want to ask a little bit on the detail on some of the slides around Vans in the D2C trends you laid out for
the business in total here. I guess on the -- for the Americas D2C number in February, I know the month
was warm. I know you have a lot of cold weather businesses. Could you speak to how much of the D2C
comps you saw there were due to mix of North Face and Timberland? And then maybe just a little bit of
color on how Vans D2C is trending in the Americas as we start to emerge here in this quarter.

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Scott, you want to grab that?

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, sure. So I guess the last part of your question first, Michael. The trends have been very strong. And
we laid that out in some of the pre materials that we released. Particularly in April, we've seen a big surge
in our online business. In fact, we're seeing triple digits across several of our brands in different regions.
So whether this trend continues, don't know. But it's very encouraging to see that -- the significant uptick.

And I guess, Michael, help me with your question around Vans specifically.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Yes. Well, I know Vans had some -- was growing at extremely high-growth rates for a few years. It
slowed a bit in the December quarter. And then we don't have specific Vans pieces to look at here through
January and February. But the Vans -- I'm sorry, the total comps you provided in North America in
February, I'm wondering how much that was impacted by some of the weather brands? See, I know it was
a warm month. I'm trying to figure out how to think about what Vans is doing before February.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I understand it. I understand your question. So one thing is, remember, one thing we look in our
owned business is the multiyear stack, and you're up against massive numbers in Vans a year ago. And
we also talked about the soft landing of Vans. So while it's still impressive, it has moderated, I would say,
but more to a level that's in line with our long-term expectations. But you're right in what you're probing
at. As we look at the colder weather brands, you're seeing a bit of a drag there.

And for the issues that we talked about, remember, coming into -- or leaving Q3 and coming into the
fall holiday, we said, as a general statement, we were a little late and not as deep from a promotional
standpoint. And our intention was to increase. We were losing some business in our own dot-com based
on more attractive pricing for similar products and other -- in competing channels. And so we did address
that, and we did see that trend, in a pre-COVID basis, start to really accelerate as we both became more

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

competitive and also, were moving a lot of inventory, frankly, through the channel from a pre-COVID
standpoint. And then once COVID hit, of course, all the numbers get a little difficult.

But the encouraging thing to us is all brands, cold weather, Vans, all of them, we've seen a material
acceleration in the month of April and so far, continuing into May. Again, I'm always cautious to say early
days, let's see where this goes. But the green shoots we're seeing there are encouraging.

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

And Michael, I would add real -- I'd add just a couple of things real quick. As we -- Vans had a good
quarter, but what's really -- and kind of giving us greater confidence is where we stand April and May.
And I know you guys watch quite a bit of what goes on with our brands online. But we've spent a lot of
time shifting our message to our consumers, getting much more empathetic and really trying to meet
our consumers with where they are in this stay-at-home environment that we're all living in and really
changing our messaging, much more purpose-led. In case of Vans, they've really upped the content
around creativity. I don't know if you've seen anything about the shoebox challenge, but the submits
coming in from our consumers, the user-generated content that we're able to grab from this. But really,
that greater connectivity and affinity. Our April and May digital results are up really, really strong and
giving us confidence that this will be a continued growth vector for Vans as we wait for our stores to come
back online in the coming months.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I guess, if I could just get one more in there. As we -- I know we've talked about before COVID, Vans
margins were obviously, very, very good. Lower mid-20s is I think the way you guys have talked about
them at the Analyst Day for Vans a few years ago. How did e-commerce margins compare to the overall
brand margin since that's going to be a bigger focus going forward? And maybe how do the lower volumes
impact the Vans D2C EBIT margins?

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So as we, I think, said fairly consistently, Michael, the margins, both gross margins are going to be
similar to what we see in our D2C channel. But without the 4-wall costs and just the lock approach to
that, at least in our business, that dilution not really being a significant factor. It's our most profitable
channel. So as we see the move to digital, that's a good thing from a mix standpoint, from a profitability
standpoint.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Jonathan Komp from Baird.

Jonathan Robert Komp
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

A bit of a follow-up question, but I want to just understand. All the detail of how you see the geographies
recovering was very helpful. I'm curious at least maybe directionally, how you think about that across your
brand and just thinking differences of a Vans, which has been strong and lots of momentum, versus a
Timberland, which has been the opposite side of the spectrum. Any thoughts you're willing to share kind of
looking forward on a relative basis?

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

So Jonathan, sorry...

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

Yes. Go ahead, Scott.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

I was just going to clarify your question. So you're talking about anything different by brand, by
geography, anything unique. Is that -- I just wanted to understand the question.

Jonathan Robert Komp
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Yes, not quite that broad but more trying to understand how you're thinking about the ability for the
various brands to recover in a similar scenario that you laid out from a geographic standpoint, just
thinking about the big brands, how you're looking as you go ahead.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Got you. Got you.

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. So I'll start, Scott. I think as you see, our Asia business is back up and running. All of our stores
are open. Our partnership stores are open. And our digital business is performing extremely well. We
are seeing consumer traffic improve week over week, but it is down over last year. But the results we
see really are across each of our brands, finding unique ways to connect with consumers, be it online.
We're doing virtual shopping events. Our Dickies brand has been real innovative in how they're thinking
about connecting the virtual to the store. Those learnings are helping us understand how to activate in
Europe and America as these markets come back on and we're back up with about 40% of our stores in
Europe today. We have had our digital wholesale partners working with us since the onset of the COVID
crisis continue to see really solid growth with them across our full brand portfolio, so really not one
brand overachieving. I would tell you, our North Face business is probably the strongest in their online
connectivity. And here in the Americas, we are preparing to open our stores and expect to have stores
open in 5 states next week. And our D2C brands, specifically Vans, North Face, Timberland, to a lesser
degree, will benefit from that.

But what's interesting, to my earlier point on the pivot on how we've shifted our marketing and the
messaging and our connectivity. Our Timberland business has seen exceptional growth through April and
month-to-date here online. And we find that actually extremely positive as we now -- we do know the
consumers are engaged with us. They're extremely interested in the messaging as well as the products
that we're offering. And I think we see really a universal growth across our portfolio as we have much
more sharing and collaboration on the different approaches, different tactics that have worked first in
China, and we'll bring that across each of the other regions.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I'd just add, Jonathan, as you think about China, we said it in our prepared remarks, we had the
advantage of a couple of months' head start to see how consumers are reacting and what emergence
looks like. And as we looked at our China business returning to growth, very broad-based and widespread
across the month of April. So really encouraging sign, and that's really the basis for how we're trying to
understand what this progression looks like as we think about the Europe and North American regions as
well.

Jonathan Robert Komp
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And maybe just one follow-up on more of the expense side and protecting margin. I understand
the thoughtful and unique approach that you're taking, protecting the state of the organization. I guess I

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

just want to understand, if we think about the next several quarters still having pretty significant top line
pressure, any thoughts on how kind of the downside flow through on the EBIT line might look relative to
what you had in the March quarter here?

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Again, I'm not giving specific guidance, but a couple of things I can say. So as you think about gross
margin, in particular, I think I mentioned earlier, we will see some promotional activity as we work on
moving through the inventory in the channel. So you think about the puts and takes, the structural mix
benefit we think will be there for the long term and for next year, remember, we have -- from an FX
standpoint, the benefit we saw from a hedging standpoint rolls off next year. So you've got to put a take
there. And then promotional activity, as we saw in that evolution, will be elevated we think pretty much
through the balance of the year. So that's got a little bit of pressure from a gross margin standpoint as you
think about next year, not structural, not ongoing. This is more episodic as we deal through this issue. But
in the next quarters, we would expect some pressure from that standpoint.

And as you think about earnings, again, we gave you a little bit of shape of how the evolution looks,
especially from a top line standpoint. I'd just remind you of a couple of things. We talked about more
than $600 million of free cash flow in -- as you looked at that cash evolution walk in the materials. We
also mentioned reduced CapEx. And just a reference point, we've talked about maintenance CapEx being
in that 2% range, 2% of sales. We've talked about aggressive inventory management, which you can
assume means that from a working capital standpoint, we should see some benefit. And the remainder of
that, of course, is earnings. So that doesn't give you everything, but that will at least get you in the ZIP
code as you think about how we are viewing the flow through.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Jim Duffy from Stifel.

James Vincent Duffy
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Difficult times, no doubt, but clearly, the strategy from 8 months ago seems even more relevant today. I
have a few questions on the digital business. First, can you speak about the changing economics you're
seeing with digital demand creation? What are the changes you're seeing in ad rates and conversion
rates with store closed? And then the triple-digit North American digital growth seems to be outpacing
the digital growth in other regions. Are there things that are more evolved in the North American digital
business that can be accelerated in EMEA and APAC?

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, I'll go ahead and -- I don't think we have the -- our ad rates, but let me just start real high level, Jim.
We've pivoted our marketing and used a zero-based budgeting approach to how we deploy our ad dollars
and pivoted all of the dollars towards more digital tactics. And clearly, that's having significant benefits to
our e-commerce trend at this point.

We've seen traffic up but what we've seen even more so is conversion. As we are engaging consumers,
great examples are -- is just the level of dwell that we see our Vans business with the shoebox challenge,
the people coming online to create a pair of custom shoes to contribute back to Foot the Bill program that
they have to support their specialty. So really looking at very different ways, improving content, improving
just different programs, things to entice consumers in to participate with us.

Our North Face business, where we've probably seen the most exceptional growth over the last 3, 4
weeks, their program to support the frontline workers, specifically medical workers, has brought a
tremendous increase in traffic. I think we have something like 89% of our traffic are new consumers and
a very high concentration of females. Giving the brand just additional people to speak to, connect to. And
really, we're not driving transaction as much as we're driving connection, engagement and affinity and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

bringing you through that funnel, when and if you're available, but really focused on building that much,
much stronger engagement for a longer-term benefit.

Our growth here in the U.S. is stronger, that's true. But our growth in Europe and Asia is right in line with
where we would expect to be, and we are deploying the same tactics that we're using here and seeing
that strong engagement and really looking to build that long-term affinity and continue to draw consumers
into our different digital platforms.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Erinn Murphy from Piper Sandler.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Just 2 for me. As you guys reopen stores, I'm curious if there's added costs that you need within your own
stores just to ensure that the shopping experience is safe. And then what do you expect -- or how do you
expect your staffing requirements to change within stores? And then the second question around product
launches for fiscal 2021, I'm just curious if you've had to make any shift this year or in connect, just given
the current environment?

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Erinn, I'll start. Scott can certainly fill in the blanks here. We are very ready to begin to open our
stores. As I mentioned, our stores are open in China. We've begun to open stores in Europe, and we're
preparing here in the United States. Our playbook that we've been able to develop in China over the last 4
or 5 weeks is giving us a really good understanding of just what we need to be doing to assure consumers
are comfortable. But equally important is that our staff feels comfortable in this new environment.

So there are some increased costs associated with bringing that security around, proper sanitation, the
proper PPE for people to be using. We have remerchandised our stores to get that proper social distancing.
And we're not -- our traffic is not what it normally is, so our staffing levels are adjusting accordingly to
make sure we've got the right people, right level of service and really providing that personal one-to-one
engagement. And what's really, really gratifying is the feedback we're getting from our consumers as we
open is just a high degree of confidence. And they're really thankful that we're there and enjoying the
opportunity to get out and engage in a very safe environment.

And the second half of your question, Erinn, if you could repeat that for me?

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

It was around product...

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

It was just on innovation, just product launches, yes.

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Product launches?

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Just so has there been any change? Have you had to change your forecast in terms of when you're
launching products this year just given COVID-19 and some of the impact it's had on your inventory buys?

Steven E. Rendle

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. No. Thank you. No, really, if anything, it's heightened the need to be much more retail-centric in how
we think and operate our stores. And this is a big part of our transformation, the level of newness and
the frequency of new reasons to engage, be it in store, online. I mentioned some of the virtual shopping
tests that our Dickie's team has been doing in China, looking really for weekly reasons to engage with
us. So our product offer, our new product release and collab schedules stay very much intact. And to
Scott's earlier comment around the thoughtful management of forward buys and looking at our on-hand
inventory, that has been done with the same eye to assuring that we have open to buy available for the
right level of newness flowing into each of our brands, be it through our own D2C or with our wholesale
partners as that begins to open as well.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Can I just add one thing, Erinn, that Steve asked every day, what -- do we have enough newness.
There's an intense focus on newness. There's another good by-product of this process that we're going
through as we're transforming the retail-centric, retail-first mindset, is also the reduction in SKUs. The
offers are tighter very much from a perspective of our own retail stores, our own digital environment
and how that then applies to our wholesale partners. So a lot of the rigor and discipline and focus has
been on both newness and ensuring that we have a very tight assortment that makes sense from a
retail environment. So there's actually a good by-product of the added discipline that comes with this
constrained environment.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from Adrienne Yih from Barclays.

Adrienne Eugenia Yih-Tennant
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. Steve, I guess my first question is really sort of like more big-picture thematic. Outside the obvious
shift to digital, what are the other secular consumer behaviors that you're seeing or foresee emerging post
COVID? And then how does each of the 4-pillar brands stand to gain in that environment? And then, Scott,
my follow-up, well, my follow-up will be on gross margin, actually.

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

So great question. Clearly, the comments, the conversations we've been having about the immediate
uptick in digital demand and digital connectivity. In addition to that, things that we're seeing through
our analytics and conversations with consumers are some really interesting trends and trends that our
portfolio is extremely well aligned against. I think one would be this appreciation for the outdoors. As
people are staying at home, as people are less apt to be thinking about travel outside of their -- be it their
home city or home state, this connection with the outdoors and getting back into outdoor activity nearby
the house is probably one of the most significant trends, coupled with health and well-being. And we're
seeing this coming out loud and clear in China with people just very focused on their individual health,
the health of the climate. And clearly, our purpose-led vision and the focus of our portfolio is very strong
there.

We see actually a lot of interest in supporting the frontline workers across the globe. And the work that
our Dickies brand has been doing, the commitment of 3.5 million pieces of PPE for medical workers here
in the states as well as supporting those workers that are keeping the infrastructure up and running.
We've seen tremendous interest in supporting, and our Dickies business is reacting extremely well. So
those trends across the outdoor, health and well-being, focus on the climate could not be more in line with
our portfolio, the reshaping we've been doing the last 3 years. But also our deep commitment to being
purpose-led, performance-driven as our way of creating value for our shareholders.

Adrienne Eugenia Yih-Tennant

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. That's very helpful. So Scott, just to -- kind of digging in a little bit deeper on the patterning of
the gross margin. In which quarter -- obviously, there's pressure from promotions certainly once stores
open. And then as the channel partners start to liquidate inventory in the fall season, I suppose, when do
you see sort of the deepest hit to gross margin, which of those quarters? Is it the September quarter? It
sounds like inventory gets a little bit better.

And then in what format does it take? I understand like at your own D2C, you'll be competing on price at
retail. But are you giving more vendor allowances? Are you giving lower cost on the outset as you forward
book 6 months out?

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So in terms of the shaping -- and you can get some of this in the prepared materials. We talked a
little bit about the promotional environment. But for sure, in the first half, you'll see more pressure, and
you'll see that start to moderate as you move through the year, although elevated for the full year, more
pressure in the first half.

In terms of tactics, we've got a wide range of options. And I won't go into too much specifics, but
generally, it's partnering with key accounts and looking at -- from discounting, gross-to-net markdowns,
et cetera. On a limited basis, generally, that's how we tend to focus as opposed to wholesale returns or
things like that. Those are more of the tactics we use.

But one of the best weapons that we have is our outlet network. And we learned some hard lessons in the
past about dumping a bunch of goods into the off-price market, third-party off-price, and you won't see
us doing that. That's not to say we don't use these channels. They're good partners and they're effective
ways, within reason, to clear goods. But the majority of this is going to be working with key accounts.
It's going to be in our own digital dot-com, and our biggest weapon, as I said, is our outlets. And that's
where, in a brand-appropriate way, we can dispose of a lot of inventory without causing channel conflicts
or having things that boomerang back on us in the broader marketplace.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, our final question today comes from Camilo Lyon from BTIG.

Camilo Russi Lyon
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

So just 2 questions for me. The first one, I think you mentioned in your -- in the press release this
morning that you had some supply chain impacts. I was wondering if you could just delve deeper into
which brands are being hurt by some of the supply chain impacts and where that stands. And if they have
been resolved? And if they haven't been, when would you expect that supply chain to really resume kind
of the flows that you're used to?

And then the second question is, you spend a lot of time, and rightly so, on the influence of the digital
and the spend and the overspend on this particular channel and the importance of it. I'm curious to know
what's your view? And has your view changed on what the right size, what's the right store base size
going forward? And if you're anticipating closing some doors, whether as a result of maybe some mall
lease rolling off, leases rolling off or just end-of-lease-life terms or anything of the sort with respect to
active closures?

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

No, good. Scott, I'll start. Camilo, there really are no material impacts to our supply chain. If anything,
the connectivity with our key supply partners, both on the garment and footwear production, but also the
materials side is where we've been spending a tremendous amount of time as we rightsized our forward
purchases and really aligned our purchase and open to buy against the demand that we see today. And

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

if those partnerships that we've built over the years that are allowing us to make these quick pivots and
position ourselves to really meter, bring down our current on hand over the course of the year with the
proper amount of newness. So really no impacts to any degree within our supply chain.

And then on the store base size, it's an interesting question. And well, if there's one thing we're seeing
as we reopen our stores in China and most recently in Europe, is that, that local community-based
retail footprint, some people would call that hyperlocal, is proving to be extremely valuable. Consumers
shopping closer to home in those communities or neighborhoods that they live in. And as we think about
our footprint here in the United States across our Vans, North Face and Timberland businesses, that will
be something to pay attention to. Our exposure to the malls is not significant. We have about 80% of
our footprint are in the A malls, and then it really tapers off to B. And then the tail sits in the C and D.
So we're very well positioned where we're located. But the changing consumer behavior will be a really
interesting element of the go-forward strategy that we have. Like if -- as consumers, are they going to be
as comfortable coming into the store? Do they want to have a clienteling relationship where they can buy
online and pick up at curb. We're ready for this. Our teams have been doing quite a bit of preparation. Our
D&T team is providing the technology to be able to do that.

But if there's one thing we've learned in China is the store is important. The closer it is to where you live,
seems to be a growing trend. And honestly, the footprint and the size and the way that our stores connect
with consumers today is very well positioned with that trend if that continues.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

I'd just build on that too, Camilo. We talk about this quite a bit, but we pretty aggressively manage our
lease terms. And at any point in time, essentially 1/4 of the fleet, 25% is up for renewal every year. So
while we're always constantly refining and updating what our footprint looks like, that also gives us a lot
of opportunity as we understand better what retail evolves into, and nobody fully understands that today.
We just know that it's changing and that we're continuing to adapt. Our ability to turn that fleet is pretty
quick.

Operator

We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Steve for
any further or closing comments.

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Great. Thank you, everybody, for joining us and putting up with our conversation-from-home model here.
I hope it worked for everybody. I'd just like to leave you with a couple of thoughts: VF and the strong,
strong history that we have is absolutely built for and prepared to navigate the times that we are in
today. The strengths that we have, both on operational and financial disciplines, that have guided us over
our 120-year history put us in a very strong position to manage really the foundational elements of our
business. Our iconic brands and the reshaping of our portfolio that we've taken over the last 3 years puts
us in a very strong position to connect with consumers in these evolving consumer and market trends.
And our investments over the past 2 years to transform VF to be a more consumer-minded, retail-centric,
hyper-digital enterprise and our deep, deep commitment to elevating our D2C, digital and consumer
engagement through our data platforms, all are proof points that the strategy we've been working on,
the actions we've been taking position us extremely well to navigate and accelerate on the other side of
this crisis. And I just would really encourage you to stay connected with our brands, watch what we're
doing online, the engagement strategy that we're putting in place just to kind of reinforce and give you
confidence in the work that we're doing to drive our business and be prepared for acceleration on the
other side. So again, thank you for joining us, and we look forward to talking to you in July.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time, and
have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

V.F. CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 15, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

