Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated 

NasdaqGS:VRTX
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 29, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.22

1.84

Revenue  (mm)

1012.66

1281.63

39.13

18.22

4.78

7.74

3759.25

5333.01

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-27-2020 8:44 AM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

1.01

1.07

1.16

1.22

1.14

1.26

1.23

1.70

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12.87 %

17.76 %

6.03 %

39.34 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Charles F. Wagner
Executive VP & CFO

Michael Partridge
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Reshma Kewalramani
CEO, President & Director

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial
Officer

Mohit Bansal
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Paul Andrew Matteis
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Philip M. Nadeau
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Salveen Jaswal Richter
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

ANALYSTS

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Brian Corey Abrahams
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Cory William Kasimov
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Evan David Seigerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Presentation

Michael Partridge
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Good evening. Welcome to the Vertex First Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. This is Michael
Partridge, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex. Making prepared remarks on the call
tonight, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial
Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides on
our website as you listen to this call. This conference call is being recorded, and a replay will be available
on our website.

We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties
discussed in detail in today's press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed CF medicines, our
pipeline and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions.
Actual outcomes and events could differ materially.

I will now turn the call over to Dr. Reshma Kewalramani.

Reshma Kewalramani
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Michael. It is an honor, as Vertex's new CEO and President, to welcome you to this conference
call. The COVID-19 pandemic has been a significant challenge for people around the world. These are
tough times. We know and we see that the lives of people in every country around the world has been
disrupted. We grieve with those who have lost loved ones, and we salute the heroic work being done by
those on the frontlines of fighting the pandemic.

Acknowledging that this is a difficult time for everyone, I want to begin by telling you why we believe that
despite the pandemic, the future of Vertex remains brighter than ever. In many ways, Vertex is a unique
company, a company with a proven track record as a serial innovator with 4 approved CF medicines,
including TRIKAFTA, a medicine, we believe, can treat up to 90% of CF patients around the world with
high efficacy. A company with a broad clinical and late preclinical stage pipeline, using multiple modalities
to treat and potentially cure serious diseases outside of CF. A company with current and future top and
bottom line growth, and a strong balance sheet. And finally, a company with an extraordinarily talented
senior leadership team and a diverse inclusive workforce. In short, exactly the kind of company I want to
be a part of going forward.

At my core, I'm a physician-scientist driven by a deep passion to advance science and medicine in the
interest of patients. Since joining Vertex, I have witnessed the ingenuity and drive that have enabled this
company to tackle unprecedented challenges in discovery, development and commercialization of new
medicines.

For example, our rapid advancement of our triple combination program through research and
development, and the early approval in the U.S... Today, the majority of eligible patients in the U.S. are
already on TRIKAFTA. It's hard to believe, but true, that the original PDUFA date for TRIKAFTA was March
20, 2020.

Another example is pioneering the use of CRISPR gene editing with our partners at CRISPR Therapeutics
to potentially cure diseases like sickle cell and beta thalassemia. I am humbled to have the opportunity to
follow Jeff in leading this unique company.

Now on to our Q1 performance. Vertex's business, as demonstrated in our record first quarter financial
results announced today, is stronger than ever. Our Q1 CF product revenues compared to last year are up
77% and to $1.52 billion, driven by the highly successful launch of TRIKAFTA in the U.S. and the growth of
ORKAMBI and SYMKEVI outside the U.S. Our non-GAAP operating income rose 133% to $877 million. Our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

strategy is working, and we continue to grow our revenues and earnings while also investing significantly
in innovation.

As we look to the future, we are confident in the continued growth of our CF franchise for several reasons.
First, our CF medicines are changing the lives of the patient populations they serve. And by addressing
the underlying cause of disease, they are an important part of patients' efforts to remain as healthy as
possible. Second, our supply chain to manufacture and distribute our medicines is robust, and we remain
confident in our ability to continue to supply our medicines uninterrupted to CF patients around the world
for the long term.

Finally, while the course of the pandemic is unpredictable, we retain a clear line of sight to securing
approval and launching the triple combination regimen in more countries around the world and in younger
age groups, and sustaining our CF leadership well into the next decade. Our vision has been for TRIKAFTA
to be able to treat 90% of all CF patients, and that vision remains very much intact.

Given the strong performance of our CF products in Q1, we are raising our revenue guidance for the year
to a range of $5.3 billion to $5.6 billion. Stuart and Charlie will review the factors underlying our new
guidance in a few moments.

Let me now turn to our pipeline and discuss how we are taking specific actions to continue to progress
our clinical programs while protecting patients and health care providers. As you will see, each program is
somewhat unique and different.

First, our regulatory and development teams have been working diligently to stay on track with our
submissions to regulators and to adapt ongoing clinical studies as needed to ensure that they can be
completed successfully. We continue to make progress in our ongoing CF trials. For example, our CF
regulatory team completed the submission of the sNDA in the U.S. as well as a type 2 variation to the EMA
in Europe for KALYDECO, for infants with CF down to 4 months of age.

Similarly, we have been able to progress our FSGS program. Our clinical team for our APOL1-mediated
kidney diseases program have been able in the past few weeks to initiate our Phase II study of VX-147 in
APOL1-mediated FSGS, and we now have 13 sites open. On the other hand, we have recently temporarily
paused enrollment or treatment in some ongoing clinical studies, including the Phase II study of VX-814 in
our AAT program.

Every program and every clinical study is different, and we have analyzed each situation closely and have
made decisions based on the need to keep patients safe and to respect the need to preserve the resources
of the health care system for where they are needed most.

In addition to our clinical progress, we are working to maintain momentum in our late-stage preclinical
programs so that we can move forward when it is possible to do so into first-in-human studies. Though
we have reduced the on-site occupancy at our sites to protect employees and our facilities, our research
labs have stayed open. And we have prioritized activities that are IND-enabling for our next medicines
centering development. This includes our cell therapy program for type 1 diabetes, where we continue to
have a goal of starting clinical development in patients in late 2020 or early 2021.

We are also continuing to progress our business development strategy and investing in external
innovation. This week, we announced a new collaboration with Affinia Therapeutics. This collaboration
supports the discovery and development of novel AAV capsids for in-vivo delivery of genetic therapies in
a number of disease areas. We are pleased to bring this capability into the cell and gene therapy toolbox
that we are building.

Finally, despite the pandemic, we continue to grow our senior leadership team with several important
new hires and promotions in Q1 the first is Dr. Carmen Bozic, who was promoted to Chief Medical Officer
earlier this month. Carmen now has responsibility for clinical development, medical affairs, drug safety,
global clinical operations, biometrics and other related functions. Carmen has extensive experience in
clinical drug development and joined Vertex in 2019 from Biogen, where she oversaw the development
and regulatory approval of 9 important medicines, including TECFIDERA and SPINRAZA.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

The second is Dr. Bastiano Sanna who joined Vertex when we acquired Semma in 2019, where he was
CEO. We have expanded Bastiano's role, and he is Chief of Cell and Genetic Therapies at Vertex. In this
new role, he now leads all of our gene editing, gene therapy and cell therapy programs as well as related
technologies for sickle cell disease, beta thalassemia, DMD, type 1 diabetes and others. Bastiano has
extensive experience and expertise in cell and genetic therapies from prior roles at Magenta and Novartis.
And I am confident that his skill set will enable us to build capabilities at Vertex that are second to none. I
am absolutely delighted to have Carmen and Bastiano on the team.

In summary, this extraordinary moment in time in which we find ourselves right now will pass. We will all
get through this together. Despite these unusual circumstances, Vertex is well positioned to continue to
serve our CF patients, grow revenues and earnings and advance our pipeline of transformative medicines
in disease areas beyond CF.

Let me turn it over to Stuart.

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Thanks, Reshma. I am pleased to review with you this evening our continued strong commercial
performance in the first quarter of 2020. I am very proud of our commercial supply, market access,
patient support, marketing and field teams who were fully prepared for the early approval of TRIKAFTA in
the U.S. and we also want to recognize the remarkable job that CF centers and health care professionals
have done to respond to both the approval and the high level of payment interest in starting the medicine.

Our teams have executed what is by every measure a very rapid and successful U.S. launch of TRIKAFTA
for CF patients 12 years and older with at least one F508del mutation. Approved in October 2019, 5
months ahead of its PDUFA date, TRIKAFTA has been widely adopted. We have seen strong demand
across all groups of patients eligible for TRIKAFTA. And it is now being taken by the majority of the 18,000
eligible patients in the U.S.

Total CF product revenues for Q1 2020 were $1.52 billion. And in its first full quarter, TRIKAFTA accounted
for $895 million of those revenues. This was due in large part to more rapid-than-expected adoption of
TRIKAFTA in all eligible patient groups in the U.S. Geographically for our CF product portfolio, we recorded
approximately $1.19 billion in revenues in the U.S. and $328 million outside the U.S. Growth outside the
U.S. was driven by strong patient uptake of ORKAMBI and SYMKEVI, following the completion of multiple
reimbursement agreements in late 2019. In most countries outside the U.S. where our medicines are
reimbursed, the majority of eligible patients have now initiated treatment.

Based on our strong Q1 revenue performance, we have raised our revenue guidance for the year, as
Reshma mentioned. The new guidance and range takes into account both the rapid uptake of TRIKAFTA
we have seen since October 2019 as well as additional dynamics that we either saw during Q1 or that we
anticipate as we move through the year. First, we did see some benefit in Q1 from early prescription refills
by patients, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S., as well as advanced buying from some government
payers outside the U.S.

Second, while there are still new patients starting TRIKAFTA treatment, the pace of initiation has slowed. A
high percentage of currently eligible patients are already on TRIKAFTA in the U.S. and so we have reached
the flatter part of the uptake curve. Additionally, COVID-19 has resulted in some CF centers limiting their
nonemergency interactions, and this could impact the rate of future initiations.

Third, given that we have only just completed the first full quarter of the TRIKAFTA launch, we know that
we have yet to see the full impact of persistence and compliance rates on the ongoing utilization of this
medicine. As with all of our medicines, the revenue impact of persistence and compliance does not become
fully reflected until several quarters after launch.

Looking ahead, the focus of our efforts to serve patients is twofold. First, ensuring that we can continue
to meet the strong demand for our medicines with uninterrupted supply. Our team has closely analyzed
our existing supply chain and has worked during the emergence of the pandemic to ensure that there was
no change in our ability to provide medicines to patients. Our manufacturing facilities have remained fully

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

operational, and we have continued to produce new supply of our CF medicines. We are confident that this
will remain the case moving forward.

Second, we are progressing with urgency to expand the number of patients eligible for and able to
access our CF medicines. We anticipate several important milestones in the coming 12 months, which are
expected to drive access to our CF product portfolio for even more patients.

The MAA for the elexacaftor triple combination is filed and under review with the European Medicines
Agency. Approval by EMA would significantly increase the number of patients eligible for triple combination
and enable us to begin reimbursement decisions across many European countries, as well as provide
rapid access in some countries where we have a portfolio agreement. We have also now submitted the
elexacaftor triple combination for approval in Switzerland and Australia.

Also in Switzerland, we have just entered a portfolio reimbursement agreement for both SYMDEKO and
ORKAMBI, and we look forward to treating more CF patients there. The Swiss agreement is also designed
to include the triple combination in the future. And with label expansion efforts, we are on track to submit
the sNDA in the U.S. for TRIKAFTA for the treatment of CF patients, aged 6 to 11, with at least one
F508del mutation in the second half of 2020.

We are pleased with the rate of uptake that we have seen for TRIKAFTA in the U.S., and for ORKAMBI and
SYMKEVI outside the U.S. We continue to see the potential to reach 90% of CF patients worldwide with
TRIKAFTA, and we believe that this will continue to drive revenue growth for Vertex in the future.

I will now turn the call over to Charlie.

Charles F. Wagner
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Stuart. I will provide additional comments this evening regarding our Q1 2020 financial results
and will also discuss our revised 2020 financial guidance. All of the results and guidance I will discuss are
non-GAAP.

First quarter total CF product revenues were $1.52 billion, a 77% increase compared to 2019. TRIKAFTA
sales in the first full quarter after launch were $895 million, and remarkably, TRIKAFTA now generates
more revenue than all of our other CF medicines combined. The growth of TRIKAFTA reflects rapid uptake
among newly eligible patients as well as among patients switching from other medicines.

Importantly, ORKAMBI and SYMKEVI continue to grow outside the U.S.-based on rapid uptake in key
markets where we achieved reimbursement agreements in late 2019. In the first quarter of 2020, CF
product revenues were $328 million outside the U.S., an increase of 51% over the prior year. Our first
quarter 2020 combined R&D SG&A expenses were $477 million compared to $388 million for the first
quarter of 2019.

Overall, the combination of significant growth in revenues and more moderate growth in spending in the
first quarter resulted in an operating margin of 58% and operating income of $877 million, an increase
of 133% compared to the first quarter of 2019. Net income for the first quarter of 2020 was $674 million
compared to $296 million in the first quarter of 2019.

Now I'll review 2020 guidance. Today, we are revising upward our 2020 financial guidance for total CF
product revenues to a range of $5.3 billion to $5.6 billion, which at the midpoint reflects 36% growth over
2019. This range reflects both the very strong TRIKAFTA uptake that Stuart described in his prepared
remarks as well as the moderating factors he described for the remainder of 2020. We are leaving our
OpEx and tax guidance unchanged.

Now turning to capital allocation. We finished Q1 2020 with $4.2 billion in cash, and our top priority for
capital allocation remains to reinvest in both internal and external innovation to create future medicines,
and our thinking and strategy in business development have not changed. We are focused on programs
and technologies that can accelerate the creation of transformational medicines for the diseases in which
we are interested.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

For example, this week, we announced a new collaboration with Affinia Therapeutics. This collaboration
gives us access to Affinia's innovative and novel AAV capsids and allows us to leverage their AAV expertise
to advance the multiple gene editing and genetic therapy programs in development at Vertex. Finally,
as we look ahead through 2020, we expect our strong cash flow to continue to support additional
investments to fuel our long-term growth.

Now back to Reshma for a few concluding remarks.

Reshma Kewalramani
CEO, President & Director

In closing, it's obviously a difficult time for people and for businesses around the world. You have heard
tonight that Vertex is operating according to a set of clear principles and that we are committed to
protecting the health and safety of our people and meeting the needs of the patients we serve.

I am proud of the many Vertex employees who are going above and beyond, adapting to new
circumstances and continuing to advance our R&D programs and helping our business outperform
expectations. I am also proud of our many recently announced philanthropic programs to help support the
people and communities in which we live and work.

The Vertex Foundation has made a number of donations, including to the Boston Resiliency Fund and
organizations around the globe, providing health supplies to frontline workers and to support vulnerable
populations through food, care and education. I look forward to sharing further news of our progress in
the months ahead.
Thank you, and we'll now open the call to questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company.

Philip M. Nadeau
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Congrats on all progress. Just a 2-part question from me. First, you talked about the supply chain and
manufacturing continuing at pace. Are there any pinch points that you can identify in your distribution
networks that could hinder the patients' access to your therapies, anything from not being able to get
their deliveries at home to lack of ability to have telemedicine reauthorizations for prescriptions that have
already been written? That's part one. And then second question is just on the pipeline. I think we're all
focused on the AAT program. Do you have a sense when you'll be able to provide guidance on when the
data from the Phase II study could be available?

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Phil, it's Stuart, I'll take the first question on supply chain and patients being able to get our medicines,
and then Reshma will cover AAT. So in terms of the supply chain and manufacturing, we don't see any
pinch points really that are not anything that can be overcome. So far, as I've mentioned in our prepared
remarks, our manufacturing facilities have remained fully operational.

Our ability to supply medicines around the world has continued. Clearly, with things like commercial flights
being reduced, there have been some challenges. But it's really delays of a number of days and things like
that, and certainly nothing that is disrupting patients' ability to get their medicines when they need them.
And so we continue to feel very confident that we're going to be able to continue to supply both patients
who are currently are our medicines and be able to supply launches if we get subsequent approvals.

And with that, I'll hand it over to Reshma to handle the AAT question.

Reshma Kewalramani
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So this is Reshma. Just to remind everyone, the study that you're talking about is the VX-814 study
in the AATD disease area. This is a Phase II dose-ranging study, proof-of-concept study. It's about 50
people, 3 doses plus placebo. It's 28 days of treatment with another 1 month of follow-up. So that's the
study we're talking about. And you're right, we had temporarily paused screening and enrollment, and
where we are today is that we are in the process of reinitiating screening and enrollment on a site-by-site,
country-by-country, region-by-region basis in those areas that are opening and are now able to resume
clinical trial activity.

With regard to when will the results be available, so this now depends on the dynamics around enrollment.
And we'll only know that when we have a little bit more time under our belt because, as I said, it's site by
site, region by region, country by country. We are in the process of reinitiating screening enrollment, but
we need a little bit more time to determine what those enrollment dynamics will be. We will know what
that is, it's just going to take a little bit of time. And when we know, I will certainly update you. That day
is not today.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Yee with Jefferies.

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

And congrats on the progress as well. A great quarter. I guess, 2 questions. Forward looking, you have a
European approval potentially coming. Can you just talk about how the dynamics of your existing portfolio
deals were -- remind me which countries have that and the pace and adoption of some of your recent
other deals for the doublets could help accelerate the timing of uptake and launch in some of those other
countries for TRIKAFTA? Maybe just talk about how you think about that versus prior history of your other
CF drugs in Europe this year.

And then the second question relates -- going back to AAT. Appreciate the comments. I see that you didn't
mention VX-864. Was there anything to say about that? Was that study completed? Maybe just make a
comment about that. I thought that was finishing Phase I.

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Okay. Mike, it's Stuart here.

Reshma Kewalramani
CEO, President & Director

Stuart, why don't you do this?

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes, I'll take the question on reimbursement, Mike. Firstly, thanks for the congratulations on the quarter.
We feel thrilled with how well the business has performed in this first quarter 2020. In terms of the EU
approval for the triple combination and reimbursement, as you know, we filed and the file was accepted in
October of last year and is currently under review.

I really think of the access to patients outside of the U.S. really being in kind of 3 categories. There's
obviously a country like Germany, which provides immediate access while you then negotiate the price
that they will pay you on a prospective basis. Then as you say, there's a number of countries where
we have portfolio reimbursement agreements. That's countries like Ireland, Denmark, also we recently
concluded a similar agreement in Switzerland.

All the portfolio agreements are all slightly different. Some of them include just the currently approved
patient populations. Some of them, like in Ireland for instance, also include the FMF population as well.
But we would imagine that soon after getting regulatory approval, we would be working with those
countries to get, hopefully, access very, very quickly after the regulatory approval. And then there's the
remaining countries where we don't have portfolio agreements where the regulatory approval really is the
beginning of that reimbursement process.

I do hope that our reimbursement processes can move more quickly. And I think there are some reasons
to be optimistic about that, Mike, not least because we have reimbursement agreements in the vast
majority of countries now. And that sets 2 things, it sets a price in the marketplace and it also sets a
profile of benefit risk in the marketplace. And as you know, we feel very good about the benefit risk profile
of the triple combination compared to even our own transformative medicines. And so I'm hopeful that,
that will provide a tailwind.

Obviously, from a payer perspective, label dependent, the triple combination could increase the number of
eligible patients, which would be an increase in budget impact. I'm sure that's something we're going to
have to negotiate with them. But that's how we see the reimbursement landscape playing out subsequent
to regulatory approval. And on AAT, I'll throw it over to Reshma.

Reshma Kewalramani
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So Mike, thanks for the question on VX-864. So VX-814 is the one we just went through, where we
had temporarily paused screening and further enrollment. That's the one where we're in the process of
reinitiating both screening and enrollment. And that's the one that's already in Phase II dose-ranging.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

VX-864 is the next molecule in our AATD program. That one has completed its Phase I study. We've had
a chance to look at the safety and the PK. That one is going to be ready to go into its Phase II proof-of-
concept dose-ranging study, and I anticipate that that's going to happen in this year, the second half of
this year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.

Salveen Jaswal Richter
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Congratulations on the launch as well. When you talked about guidance, you mentioned a couple of
buckets here. And would it be possible to quantify on how to think about the early prescription refills and
the buying patterns from other countries that will push forward? And then secondly, with persistence
and patient compliance, where do you see that level typically level off based on historically what's been
seen with this franchise? And then thirdly I guess, on the pipeline, should we expect 147 data in APOL1-
mediated kidney disease to be on track for the year? And maybe you could just frame for us what the
clinical bar is here.

Reshma Kewalramani
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Salveen, let me ask Charlie to tackle the question around guidance, and then I'll come back and talk
to you about 147. Charlie?

Charles F. Wagner
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Salveen. As you noted, we've increased guidance for the year to the range of $5.3 billion
to $5.6 billion. And really, the primary driver behind that is the success of the launch and the significant
patient uptake, and you see that reflected in Q1. With that, we're always mindful that folks not look at a
single quarter performance and extrapolate from there.

So I think it's important, as Stuart outlined in the call, we did see some patients refilling prescriptions
early in the first quarter as well as some countries OUS accelerating their purchases, which resulted in a
little bit earlier revenue recognition for us. We're not going to dollarize that specifically, but I think you can
conclude since we mentioned it, it was significant enough that we thought it was worth calling out. And
then Stuart talked about the fact where we are in terms of the ramp-up on patients. There are still some
patients to get on drug of course, but the rate of new initiations is slowing and could see some delays in
future quarters as a result of changes in policies at CF centers in response to COVID.

And then lastly, around persistence and compliance, I think that the way to think about it is when patients
first initiate on a medicine, their persistence and compliance rates are essentially at 100%, and that
number only goes down from there over subsequent quarters until it's -- until it levels out at more of a
steady state. And so we've talked about it in the past, persistence and compliance, the combination of
those 2 factors, even if you're at 90-plus percent on both, you do the math on that, you can see that we
have to come down from 100%.

So those will have an increasing impact over the balance of the second half of the year and is part of what
we considered as we put the guidance together. But importantly, the midpoint of the guidance implies
36% growth year-over-year. It's an acceleration over last year's 32%. And so we are shaping up for
another great year, and it really highlights just how differentiated this business is, particularly at this very
uncertain time.

Reshma Kewalramani
CEO, President & Director

Salveen, this is Reshma. With regard to your question around 147, just to remind everyone, this is
our program in APOL1-mediated FSGS, and FSGS is a -- APOL1-mediated FSGS, I should say, the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

homogeneous kidney disease that is characterized by heavy proteinuria. And unfortunately, for these
patients, it's sort of a relentless course of a decline in kidney function with one of only 2 outcomes. One
is going on to dialysis or transplantation, and the other one unfortunately is death. Clearly, a disease with
high unmet need.

This program, the key endpoint that we're looking for in terms of efficacy is proteinuria, and we
are looking for a decrease in proteinuria. The renal community, regulators in the U.S., the FDA and
academics and those involved in research in kidney disease have had many conferences around the
topic of endpoints. And I think it would be very fair to say that proteinuria, which is the endpoint we are
measuring in this Phase II proof-of-concept study that I just described that we are now up and running in,
that would be the endpoint of importance in Phase III and in terms of patients. That's what we are looking
for, and that's what we're monitoring for.

Operator

Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Big congrats on the quarter. Just had a couple. Stuart, when I look at the guidance, the run rate is higher
than your guidance. Is the delta primarily from the expected decline from SYMDEKO and ORKAMBI just
switching to TRIKAFTA? Or is it that you guys are being conservative? And then beyond the 10% of CF
patients that you can't address today, are there any updates to the commercial efforts to expand the
TRIKAFTA CF patient base, for example, in Latin America, South Africa or other regions beyond the ones
that you're expected to go in?

And just for Reshma, real quick on the pipeline. You guys have been pretty active on the BD front. And
have a ton of different assets and indications. But the question is, does the acceleration in the uptick in CF
really change urgency or the size of future BD deals?

Reshma Kewalramani
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Geoff. Let me ask Stuart to go first and talk a little bit about the launch and some launch dynamics.
I'll just make a quick comment. We have seen uptake of TRIKAFTA in the U.S. in all eligible populations.
And we've just been so pleased to be able to serve all patients who are eligible. Stuart?

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. Geoff, as Reshma said, the uptake of TRIKAFTA has been very strong across all eligible patients,
and that includes transitioning from our existing medicines where the indications are overlapping. So
KALYDECO, ORKAMBI and SYMDEKO patients have been moving over from those medicines to TRIKAFTA.
In our results, that's obviously balanced by the growth we've seen outside the U.S. with ORKAMBI and
SYMKEVI, as it's called outside of the U.S., following the new reimbursement agreements. So we've really
got that kind of -- those 2 different dynamics going on, some cannibalization in the U.S. and continued
growth outside of the U.S.

As Charlie referenced earlier, we did see in the first quarter some early refills by patients and also some
advanced purchasing by some governments outside the U.S., presumably in response to the early days
of the pandemic that essentially is something that we would expect to sort of even out over the course of
this year. In terms of the dynamics, which we are anticipating could potentially play out for the balance of
the year, as Charlie said, the biggest single factor really is going to be persistence and compliance. As he
said, a patient when they initiate therapy, they're 100% persistence -- persistent and compliant. And as
we know, those numbers are only going to drift downwards from there.

Now we expect them to be high with TRIKAFTA because of the benefit risk profile. But those will have
an impact on our future revenues, and that is incorporated as a slowing of initiations into our revised
guidance. And as Charlie said, at $5.3 billion to $5.6 billion, that still represents, at the midpoint, 36%
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

growth over 2019, which is actually an acceleration of the revenues we delivered in 2019. So we're
pleased to be able to increase our guidance at this uncertain time.

And then on the kind of capital allocation and BD question, I think I'll hand that one over to Reshma.

Reshma Kewalramani
CEO, President & Director

Sure. So with regard to our strategy around BD, the truth of the matter is that the strategy is exactly the
same and nothing has changed. And for those of you who haven't heard me say it or haven't heard us say
it, let me just say it very simply, we have 3 pillars in our BD strategy. The first is we look at anything that
moves in CF regardless of modality, regardless of stage of development.

The second is we look for early-stage assets that fit into our corporate and R&D strategy, and that fit into
our sandbox. And I say early stage because up until recently, the assets in later stages of development
have been fully priced, if not overpriced, and our ability to bring value is in our research development,
regulatory and commercialization engine.

And the third is to add tools to our toolbox. And you've seen us be very active in this area, including
today's announcement with Affinia. We've done deals in small molecules. We've done deals with AAV
manufacturing. We've done deals with CRISPR as well as in cell and other genetic therapies. And so those
3 pillars are going to stay exactly the same.

Maybe what's changed for where we find ourselves in terms of time is what we bring to the table is
probably even stronger today than at any previous time. What I mean by that is we know exactly what
we want. As I described, our strategy is really very clear, and it's been there for some time. So we're very
clear on what we are looking for. The second is our capacity to do deals and our ability to consummate
deals is, I think, very strong. And you see that we were able to do the Affinia deal despite this COVID
situation that is upon us. And the third is our balance sheet is strong and growing, and I think that is an
important element in this moment in time.

Operator

And we have a call -- a question from Paul Matteis with Stifel.

Paul Andrew Matteis
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Great. I wanted to ask one commercial question and one pipeline question. On the TRIKAFTA launch,
I was wondering if you could comment on physician-patient dynamics in the pandemic as it relates to
prescribing. Do physicians need to see their patients in person to prescribe this medicine? And how might
that vary in the U.S. and Europe? And then second, on the AAT program, I was wondering if you've had
any evolving thoughts on what might constitute a great outcome in that study. What AAT level threshold
do you think is kind of a home run and almost unequivocal in its implications of clinical benefit versus what
level range might be a little bit harder to kind of extrapolate as we think about future outcomes?

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Paul, it's Stuart here. On the physician-patient dynamic, for sure, that physician-patient dynamic has been
disrupted by the pandemic for the reasons that you can imagine. Many of these positions are actually on
the frontline, certainly the adult pulmonary physicians dealing with the pandemic. And as you well know,
CF patients do fall into that category of patients who would potentially be vulnerable were they to become
infected. And so it certainly has disrupted the dynamic.

What we do know, though, is that physicians and patients have managed to maintain very, very active
dialogue. Many of them moving to more remote digital ways of interacting, and those interaction levels
are very high. Although, obviously, face-to-face interactions have been reduced in many places for all but
emergency situations.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

That doesn't seem to have interrupted initiations too much in the first quarter, given the strength that we
saw in the first quarter. But it is something that we are certainly conscious of and are aware may have an
impact on the rate of future initiations. And it's one of the factors we've tried to take into account when
establishing our revised guidance range.

And AAT, I'll hand over to Reshma.

Reshma Kewalramani
CEO, President & Director

Sure. So what I can tell you is, what are we looking for, how will we know that we've had success with our
proof-of-concept study in AAT. So there are a few important parameters that we're monitoring as we think
about the Phase II dose-ranging study. The first is safety. Obviously, this is the first use of the correctors
of the AAT protein in a population of people who have this disease. So safety is critical, and it's right up
there.

The second is PK and exposure. We're looking to ensure that we have the right exposure, that we have
the right dosing in tool and that we are seeing the kinds of impact that we are projecting based on our
first-in-human study. And then lastly, and probably what you are alluding to is the AAT levels, and that's
really important. What I'm looking for here with our studies is that the levels go up, not only in terms of
antigenic levels but in terms of the functional AAT levels.

And the reason I say that it's -- I'm looking for the levels to go up -- and I'm not really focused on any
particular number, is this, you know when we think about drug development here at Vertex, we really
divide it into cracking the biology and then pouring on the chemistry. In this disease area, unlike in CF, the
stage that we're really at and the part that's very, very difficult is cracking the biology. And our ability to
look at safety, exposure and note that the levels of both antigenic and functional are going up tells us that
we've cracked the biology. And then it's a matter of pouring on the chemistry. And that is, amongst the 2,
will be easier. And I certainly don't mean to imply that the chemistry is easier, but it is the easier part of
that equation.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alethia Young with Cantor Fitzgerald.

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

Congrats on a very good quarter. One, I guess, just philosophically, with what's going on with COVID. I
mean do you prioritize kind of the near-term pipeline the same way? I mean some of this ties into what
we've been talking about with AAT and getting that trial back up and running versus an FSGS, certainly
people with lung may be a little bit more prone to these challenges. And then my second question just is I
wonder if you'd talk a little bit about the Affinia deal today and what you think that adds in your capacity
in DMD and CF?

Reshma Kewalramani
CEO, President & Director

I think the -- you cut out just a little bit, but I think that the first question was around COVID and clinical
trials. And your second question was...

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

Well, just I wanted to understand, like, if this changes the prioritization of your pipeline itself, like in light
of what disruption you have with your clinical studies, some of them.

Reshma Kewalramani
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Sure. Sure. So with regard to the COVID-19 situation and our clinical trials, our priorities remain very
much the same. Our trials in CF are progressing, and we've been able to continue that quite well. We've
moved to telephonic visits. We've moved more to remote monitoring and such. But obviously, the safety of
our patients is our top priority. We're making sure that the integrity of our trials remain, but we have been
able to continue our work in CF quite well.

And the remainder of our pipeline outside of CF, as I said, the AATD program, we have already reinitiated
our activities to have screening and enrollment restart in the 814 program. The FSGS program is actually
exactly on time with the sites getting started up in April. And huge credit, I am so proud of our Vertex
team that have just stepped up and gone above and beyond to get this work done.

And if you think about clinical trials as a whole, as I said in my prepared remarks, each disease area, each
study is quite different. It depends on the phase of the study. It depends on whether there is established
benefit risk. And it even depends on some more nuanced factors around whether the study sites are
hospital affiliated, i.e., in the hospital itself or separate institution, separate buildings. Of course, the
disease area matters because physicians in certain subspecialties are more pulled into the pandemic than
in others.

With regard to Affinia, what this really is, is another tool in our toolbox. And you've seen us methodically,
carefully and very deliberately go around and assemble what I think is really one of the best, if not the
best, toolboxes in the industry. This particular strategic partnership has to do with research activities to
develop -- engineer capsids that have greater affinity and tropism for certain tissues like muscle for DMD
and DM1, as well as for some of our other disease areas of interest. And given the presence and our great
interest in genetic therapies, this is a key tool in our toolbox.

Operator

Our next question comes from Evan Seigerman with Credit Suisse.

Evan David Seigerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Congrats on the progress. So looking towards potential reimbursement negotiations outside of the United
States for TRIKAFTA, assuming approval, do you see any risk of access delays or issues if government
budgets are impacted due to the economic decline as a result of the ongoing pandemic? And how flexible
would you be to open up access for patients with these -- given these potential economic issues?

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. Thanks for the question, Evan. Clearly, the COVID-19 pandemic and government's responses around
the world has put a significant strain on finances and none more so than in their various health services.
And we'll have to see how that situation plays out. Obviously, we're not actually in those reimbursement
negotiations in the vast majority of countries yet because those really only commenced at the point of
regulatory approval. So we'll really have to see what approach they take at that point in time.

As Reshma said though, in her prepared remarks, this is a situation that will pass over time, and we're
really going to be negotiating reimbursement agreements, which are hopefully going to be long-lasting
because this is a terrific medicine, one that we feel very strongly has an incredible benefit risk profile, and
therefore, we believe deserves to be rewarded with a premium price that is reflective of the value that it
brings to patients. And so there's really not much more we can say about those discussions because we
really haven't got into them with the various government authorities involved.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas with SunTrust.

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

And I think you've done a great job sort of outlining a lot of the questions that we have. So great job on
the call. Great job in the quarter. Just a follow up a couple of things. So Reshma, I know you said that
your business development, it hasn't really changed as far as strategy. But you did highlight that you have
more capacity to deals, you have more cash and your balance sheet is strong. So what does that mean?
Does that mean we could see bigger deals over time?

And second question is, people believe Vertex is very protected given so many of your patients are
government reimbursed. What are you seeing in the United States as far as any signals that there could
be a disruption to reimbursement of your drug in the coming quarters as COVID moves forward and
people may have challenges with obtaining employment?

Reshma Kewalramani
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thanks for those questions, Robyn. With regard to BD, what can you expect from us. You can expect
us to continue to be disciplined. Our strategy is really clear to us, and we're very, very disciplined about
executing on the strategy, as I laid it out. You're right about the fact that our balance sheet is strong and
getting stronger by the day.

And you've seen us transact on a number of deals, be it partnerships in the research arena or, as you saw
us towards the tail end of 2019, 2 acquisitions, one with Exonics and one with Semma. And let me just
tell you, I am absolutely delighted with both of those acquisitions and very excited about the integration
that has happened. And the more we get into it, the sweeter it gets. And so those have been very, very
positive for us.

The capacity that we've built here is increased to do deals. I'm very pleased with how the integrations
have gone, and Charlie has been running those. So our ability to do acquisitions and integrate is also
advanced. And the fact that we have done this, have been recognized to be able to do it, I think, is
something that will do well by us as we go forward. So can you expect us to do more deals? Yes. Will
they be greater in number? We're going to have to let some time pass, but that wouldn't surprise me. Are
they going to be deals that are huge? Are we going to buy revenues? No. Though that's not part of our
strategy, and that's not what you're going to see us do.

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

And Robyn, on the question of coverage here in the U.S., actually, the majority of our payer mix is actually
commercial rather than government. During the course of the quarter, we really haven't seen any change
in our payer mix. Obviously, that's something that we are monitoring closely, sensitive to the increase in
unemployment that there has been. And those uncertainties were one of the reasons why we widened our
guidance range. Whilst at the same time increasing our guidance, we also widened our guidance range
because there are a number of uncertainties that we are going to have to see how they play out over time.
But certainly, in the first quarter, we didn't see any change in our payer mix and/or signals of disruptions
to coverage for patients.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mohit Bansal with Citi.

Mohit Bansal
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Congrats on the progress. Just moving a little bit on the pipeline side, regarding your diabetes program, it
seems like your approach uses a fully differentiated beta cell, while there are other approaches, including
progenitor cells. So could you please help us understand how these differences could ultimately impact the
end result? And why one could be better than other approach here?

Reshma Kewalramani
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Mohit, I think you're asking about how our approach to type 1 diabetes and the cell program may be
different from other approaches. And let me just tell you a little bit about our approach, and then I can
do a little bit of a compare and contrast for you. So our program that came into us with our acquisition
of Semma is really a program that is based on 20-plus years of work done by Doug Melton, who is the
preeminent beta cell physician-scientist in the world. And what Semma was successful in doing, and the
reason that we were so excited about the acquisition, is they have found a process and a methodology to
not only develop, grow and, in an industrial manner, make pancreatic islet cells.

These islet cells are fully differentiated. And they have also come up with a technology that allows for a
device in which these cells can be placed that can be put into patients with type 1 diabetes. And with the
device, the big idea would be no immunosuppression would be needed. Obviously, immunosuppression is
going to be required for the naked cells.

I would say that there are a few differences compared to other approaches, but the highlights are the
following. The approach that we are pursuing pertains to fully differentiated islet cells. And two, that we
have an approach here that has been tested in large animal models with the device that has shown itself
to be a device that can be placed over time without the troubles that many others have seen.

Operator

And we have a question from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.

Cory William Kasimov
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just have one left for you on the topic of reimbursement. I wanted to ask about the ICER report on the
cost effectiveness of TRIKAFTA that was published earlier this week. We'd just love to get your thoughts
on the current pricing versus their much-lower recommendation. Why do you think there's such a big
discrepancy? And do you foresee or think there's a risk of any pushback from payers as a result of this?

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Cory, thanks for the question. As you know, we have and others have some significant methodological
concerns with ICER and the way -- approaches and assessment of a medicine's value, both the methods,
some of the rather arbitrary thresholds that are chosen, and really its inability to fully capture the
benefits of transformative medicines with lifelong benefits like ours. So we do have concerns with the
methodologies and thresholds, and I won't go into them in my new detail.

In terms of the statistics, the most important statistic to me is that 99% plus of the patients who are
eligible for TRIKAFTA are covered by either government or commercial plans, which are reimbursing the
medicine. And to me, that's the most important statistic because it demonstrates that payers recognize
the value of TRIKAFTA and want to provide immediate access to it consistent with our label. And if they
haven't done that, we wouldn't have been able to deliver the great quarter that we've had. And so we feel
that's a much better mark of whether payers recognize the value of TRIKAFTA. And we are certainly going
to be doing everything we can to ensure that the ICER report doesn't lead them to restricting coverage,
which I think would be a tragic day for CF patients.

Cory William Kasimov
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Very helpful.

Reshma Kewalramani
CEO, President & Director

If I could add a comment, Cory, this is Reshma. TRIKAFTA is a medicine with absolutely unprecedented
efficacy. The benefit risk is 100% clear. It is something that is recognized by physicians and patients
around the globe. I do not expect any change in pricing or our approach in the U.S. or outside the U.S.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

You know that we have a long tradition of pricing our drugs for the value that they bring. And there is just
no doubt about the value that this particular medicine, TRIKAFTA, brings to patients.

Operator

We have a question from Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets.

Brian Corey Abrahams
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Congratulations on the strong quarter. A commercial question and a pipeline question. On the commercial
side, any surprises in gross to net? Any additional inventory build, given the rapidity of TRIKAFTA uptake?
And might you expect any benefits on persistence and compliance due to COVID-19, such that it may
-- those may drift down less than would have otherwise been expected? And then on the pipeline side,
with the PK/PD characterized for 864, just curious if there's any additional insights that you guys have on
similarities and differences versus 814.

Reshma Kewalramani
CEO, President & Director

Why don't I ask Stuart to just comment on persistence and compliance, and then I'll ask Charlie to
comment on the rest of your question. Stuart?

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes, Brian. On persistence and compliance, as we said in our prepared remarks, we did see patients
refill early in the quarter, both here in the U.S. and ex U.S. And so mathematically, that is an increase in
compliance. However, we do expect that, that is going to play out over the course of the year. And I don't
expect that COVID-19 will really have a substantial impact on persistence and compliance of TRIKAFTA. I
think the thing that's going to drive the levels of persistence and compliance are the exceptional benefit
risk profile that Reshma just mentioned.

And then on the gross to net and inventory changes, I'll hand that over to Charlie.

Charles F. Wagner
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Brian, on gross to net, nothing noteworthy in the quarter. The gross to net moves around a little bit
from quarter-to-quarter depending on when we true-up invoices that come in, but nothing noteworthy in
the quarter here. And then around inventory, I guess I would distinguish, you'll recall that in the fourth
quarter we talked about a launch-related inventory build, that was more of a channel inventory build. And
what we're talking about here as we're giving color on the first quarter results and on guidance is more of
a patient-driven or government-driven inventory build, which is different from the channel build that we
talked about in fourth quarter. There's no incremental color in the first quarter on the channel inventory
that has not changed significantly and it's not part of the color that we're giving on the first quarter.

Michael Partridge
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Operator, now that we're past 6:00 p.m., we have time for just one more question.

Operator

We have a question from Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. I was -- Stuart, I was just hoping maybe you could help us think about phasing of revenues broadly
as we think about pushing into the younger patients as well as Europe. Just maybe remind us about the
sizes of those populations relative to the population that you've currently penetrated with TRIKAFTA.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. Thanks for the question. Obviously, from a long-term perspective, we believe TRIKAFTA has the
potential to treat up to 90% of CF patients because of the levels of efficacy we are able to deliver. And
clearly, to do that, we need to do a couple of things. One, we need to get it approved outside of the U.S.
for the 12-plus population. And then obviously, we need to increase the label there to expand it down into
lower-age populations. We have submitted the -- in the back end of last year in Europe for TRIKAFTA or
the triple combination, I should say, for the 12-plus population. No -- the label we're going to get there
yet, so it's really impossible to tell you exactly how big the size of the eligible patient population is there.
We have more recently also submitted in Australia and Switzerland, again for 12-plus.

In terms of the label expansions, in terms of taking the age range down, the 6 to 11 TRIKAFTA sNDA
here in the U.S., we anticipate submitting in the second half of this year. So really, the primary drivers of
our guidance and the increase in our guidance are really TRIKAFTA in the 12-plus population here in the
U.S. And the growth that we've seen in ORKAMBI and SYMKEVI outside the U.S. as a result largely of the
reimbursement agreements that we put in place in the second half of 2019.

Michael Partridge
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay, operator. Thanks, everybody, for joining the call tonight. The Investor Relations team is either in the
office or remote, and we'll be following up with analysts who didn't get a chance to ask a question, as well
as any other questions you may have tonight. Really appreciate you dialing in and stay safe.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

