Wells Fargo & Company NYSE:WFC
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 14, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.57

0.74

29.82

0.70

2.70

3.26

Revenue  (mm)

19303.42

17717.00

(8.22 %)

19017.80

76218.34

76603.78

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-14-2020 2:35 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.16

1.17

1.10

0.57

1.30

1.07

0.93

0.74

12.07 %

(8.55 %)

(15.45 %)

29.82 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Charles W. Scharf
President, CEO & Director

John M. Campbell
Director of Investor Relations

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP
& CFO

ANALYSTS

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Charles Peabody;Portales
Partners;Analyst

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Erika Najarian
BofA Securities, Research Division

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

Vivek Juneja
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

John Eamon McDonald
Autonomous Research LLP

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Catherine, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would
like to welcome everyone to the Wells Fargo First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] Please note that today's conference is being recorded. Thank you.

I would now like to turn the call over to John Campbell, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin
the conference.

John M. Campbell
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Catherine. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call today where our CEO,
Charlie Scharf; and our CFO, John Shrewsberry, will discuss first quarter results and answer your
questions. This call is being recorded.

Before we get started, I would like to remind you that our first quarter earnings release and quarterly
supplement are available on our website at wellsfargo.com.

I'd also like to caution you that we may make forward-looking statements during today's call that
are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from
expectations are detailed in our SEC filings, including the Form 8-K filed today containing our earnings
release and quarterly supplement. Information about any non-GAAP financial measures referenced,
including a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP measures, can also be found in our SEC filings, in the
earnings release and in the quarterly supplement available on our website.

I will now turn the call over to Charlie Scharf.

Charles W. Scharf
President, CEO & Director

Good morning. I'm going to open the call with comments on the current environment, the actions we're
taking, our business performance and ongoing work to transform the company. Then John will provide
more details on the first quarter results before we take your questions.

Let me start with some remarks about the current environment. I first want to start by saying that our
thoughts are with those directly impacted by COVID-19. This includes those who interact with the virus,
health care workers who are on the front lines helping those directly impacted and all of those who provide
essential services to ensure the country continues to function. As difficult as this is, the response by
government, companies and individuals has been extraordinary. We understand that Wells Fargo plays
an important role in providing stability to the financial system and the economy more broadly. And while
there is still much to do, I'm incredibly proud of the efforts across the entire company, particularly those
on the front lines.

Let me start by discussing what Wells Fargo has done. First, I'll start with our customers. We've been
aggressive in our actions to ensure we can best serve customers while also prioritizing employee and
customer safety. First, on access. We've temporarily closed approximately 1,400 branches, which is about
1/4 of our network nationwide, choosing locations to close based on the historical branch traffic and
the physical design of each branch that would allow appropriate social distancing. Consumer and small
business contact centers remain open in all other U.S. locations to serve our customers. The wait times
are higher. And we've deployed social distancing and safety measures in all sites to ensure we keep our
employees safe.

We've been rapidly expanding digital access and deploying new tools, including air limits for mobile
deposits and wires, new digital mortgage deferment tools and expanded e-signature support. Customers

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

are adopting these new tools as demonstrated by a 52% increase in dollar volume of mobile deposits in
March 2020 versus March 2019.

We're providing significant credit to our clients. In the month of March alone, our commercial customers
utilized over $80 billion of their loan commitments. And we're providing accommodations for clients in
need. Through April 10, we helped more than 1.3 million consumers and small business customers by
deferring payments and waiving fees. We deferred over 1 million payments representing almost $2.8
billion of principal and interest payments and provided over 900,000 fee waivers exceeding $30 million.
We've suspended residential property foreclosure sales, evictions and involuntary auto repossessions. And
we continue to work with HUD, the GSES, our trade groups, others in the industry as well as government
officials and not-for-profits to identify other ways to assist customers facing financial challenges in the
current environment.

We've extended our participation in the PPP program and hope to provide significant relief for our small
business customers. We're quickly ramping up our processing capacity to respond to the significant
demand we've seen. Through April 10, we've received more than 370,000 indications of interest from
our customers. We are working with industry groups and the U.S. Treasury in preparation to distribute
millions of economic impact payments to Americans as quickly as possible. For those that receive checks,
we implemented changes to our ATMs and mobile app to make it more convenient to use those depository
options instead of going into a branch.

Now turning to how we're operating the company and our employees. We have enabled approximately
180,000 employees to work remotely. For jobs that cannot be done from home, in addition to modifying
branch formats, we've taken significant actions to ensure safety, including enhancing social distancing
measures, staggering staff and shifts and implementing an enhanced cleaning program. We continue to
pay all employees. We made a onetime cash award to approximately 165,000 employees who make less
than $100,000. Additionally, as a way of recognizing the unique contributions of our employees that work
on the front line, we're making additional payments to those employees. We've made changes to our
benefit plan to support those who are being tested or those who have the virus. To assist our employees
who need child care, we granted eligible employees up to 5 paid business days off so they can find child
care. We're also providing financial support to eligible employees for those seeking child care through their
own personal networks. And we made a $10 million grant to the We Care Employee Relief Fund, which is
available to employees affected by coronavirus, especially those with limited resources, to help them get
back on their feet with basic necessities. And we're supporting our communities by directing $175 million
in charitable donations from the Wells Fargo Foundation to help address food, shelter, small business and
housing stability as well as providing help to public health organizations fighting to contain the spread of
COVID-19.

Turning to what we've seen over the last month in the markets. As you all know, the health crisis has had
a swift and severe impact on the financial markets. But the banks, including Wells Fargo, are financially
strong and have done a great job as many other industries have in providing continued service while many
of our employees have been unable to access their offices. We also have navigated huge disruptions we
saw in liquidity in most asset classes for several weeks. HQLA bid-ask spreads, daily volatility and credit
spreads increased 100% to 500% versus normalized levels prior to crisis. Activity remained reasonably
order in HQLA, other loss remote credit assets and high-quality corporate primary issuance. But most
other markets saw forced selling, high intraday volatility and bid-asks widening meaningfully.

Fed programs designed to support smooth market functioning and effective transmission of monetary
policy immediately improved risk pricing, increased dealer balance sheet capacity, decreased market
volatility and lowered transaction costs. Large-scale asset purchases and treasuries and agency MBS
improved secondary trading flows in HQLA while credit-sensitive assets lag the recovery. All of this, as well
as the effective shutdown of the economy, directly impacted our results.

Turning to the quarter. You can see that results were materially impacted by loan loss reserves,
impairment of securities and redemption of preferred securities. Our results included a reserve build of
$3.1 billion for loans and debt securities, $950 million of securities impairment predominantly related to
equity securities and a negative $0.06 impact related to the redemption of our Series K preferred stock.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Within our community bank, as would be expected, branch traffic significantly slowed as March
progressed. We had approximately half the teller volume at the end of March compared with the same
period a year ago. ATM transactions were also down significantly, down approximately 17% in March
compared to a year ago.

On the lending side, we originated $48 billion of residential mortgage loans, 52% for refinancing. Auto
originations declined 5% from the fourth quarter with strong originations early in the quarter more than
offset by a slowdown in March. Credit card purchase volume is down 13% from the fourth quarter and
down 1% from year ago as strong volume early in the quarter was more than offset by declines in March.

Within Wealth and Investment Management, period end deposit balances increased 13% during the
quarter driven by higher retail brokerage sweeps reflecting higher client and cash allocations. Retail
brokerage transaction revenue increased 12% from the prior quarter. And despite market declines, Wells
Fargo Asset management AUM still grew 2% during the quarter driven by strong inflows into money
market funds.

I'll turn to our wholesale businesses now. In trading, markets businesses were nice -- were up nicely
year-over-year in the first 2 months of the quarter, but performance was mixed in March. We had strong
performance in macro trading as well as in equities due to volatility and increased flows. However, our
performance in spread products suffered due to the market dislocation. Commercial loans grew $52 billion
or 10% from the fourth quarter. And overall global debt capital markets activity was the strongest on
record driven by high-grade offerings from U.S. issuers whose volumes were up 63% compared to a year
ago. Wells Fargo's high-grade debt capital markets lead table rankings improved from fourth to third with
9.2% fee-based market share during the quarter.

While focused on our efforts around COVID, we continue to make significant changes inside the company.
We continue to add talent to the senior leadership team. Ellen Patterson joined us several weeks ago as
our General Counsel, and we expect several more additions to the team in the coming quarter. Even with
the significant amount of time being devoted to our COVID response, we're not reducing our efforts on
our regulatory commitments, and we continue to move forward on improving the processes, structure and
cultural change necessary to get the work done.

As a reminder, during the quarter, we announced a new organizational structure with 5 lines of business
reporting directly to me. I've also spoken of our business reviews we've had put in place. Those
agendas have changed and are now oriented towards issues related to operating in the current stressed
environment. As we settle into this environment and have some line of sight to recovery, we will reengage
with the work I discussed last quarter.

Let me turn to the asset cap now. John will provide more details on how we're managing in this
environment given the constraints, but here are some highlights.

We are focused on doing all we can for our clients while satisfying their requirements. And to do this, we
make decisions each day on balance sheet allocation. As a reminder, the asset cap is measured on a 2-
quarter daily average basis and must be below $1.952 trillion at the end of the quarter. On March 31,
that calculation was an estimated $1.943 trillion. In mid-March, as the crisis began to evolve, we first
saw slow increases in deposits and draws -- drawdowns in committed lending facilities, and both of those
accelerated as the crisis deepened. At the end of the quarter, we had $1.981 trillion in assets. John will
discuss this in more detail, but we're taking a number of actions to ensure we stay below the cap.

We started the quarter with a strong capital position, including a CET1 ratio of 11.1%. With the strong
growth in assets during the quarter, materially wider spreads as well as lower earnings, our CET1 ratio
declined to 10.7%, still above the regulatory minimum of 9% and our current internal target of 10%.
As you know, we suspended our share buyback as we focus on helping our customers get to these
challenging times. I'm sure you still -- you'll want to discuss our capital plans going forward. But as you
know, we submitted our 2020 capital plan earlier this month, and the results will be published by the
Federal Reserve Board in June.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

As I think about what the future holds, here are a few thoughts. We've entered into a world we haven't
seen before. Much of the economy is essentially closed. Consumer spend is down over 25% year-over-
year this past week with food and drug increasing and other spend down significantly. New auto sales
in the month of March were down 32% from February. Manufacturing has turned downward with ISM
March reading of 49.1% as businesses cut back on orders. Commodity prices are down 24%, speaking
to the weakness in global demand. Unemployment has grown beyond what we've traditionally modeled.
And while there is hope that this is time-bound by shelter-in-place orders, we don't know what the time
frame is or how quickly the economy will recover when these orders are lifted. What we do know is the
contraction is real, and we must do all we can to be safe and to ensure we do our part to help recover as
quickly as possible.

It's equally important to note, the response is also beyond what we've historically seen. Banks have
provided significant amounts of credit and liquidity. Banks have deferred payments on loans, waived fees,
made numerous other accommodations for customers in need. The response from the Federal Reserve has
been fast, comprehensive in scope and significant in size. And the response of Congress has been equally
impressive, and their actions are just beginning to provide the support necessary for many but will unfold
quickly. The question remains what this means for our future. What's important is controlling the spread
of the virus so the economy can reopen. We're hopeful that our actions, those of others and especially
government support should provide needed relief and help many customers bridge this difficult period, but
the length of the shutdown will ultimately determine the severity. What we do know is our strong levels of
capital and liquidity position enable us to support our customers and the broader U.S. economy. We will
be closely evaluating our assumptions regarding our allowance for credit losses as we move forward, and
the actual level of losses we incur will be driven by how long this period lasts and the effectiveness of the
support in government and private industry.

Sitting here today, there are many unknowns, and the year will look quite different than we expected
the last time we spoke. But as I said, we're focused on delivering for our customers and communities
to get through these unprecedented times, and we remain committed to the financial and performance
improvements we've discussed as we get beyond this crisis.

Thanks again to all my partners at Wells Fargo that have been working tirelessly, and I'll pass it on to
John.

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Thanks, Charlie, and good morning, everyone. Charlie covered the information provided in the initial
pages of the supplement related to the actions we're taking to support our customers, employees and
communities during the pandemic. So I'm going to start on Page 6.

As we highlight on this page, we had a number of significant items in the first quarter that impacted
our results. We had $4 billion of provision expense for credit losses reflecting the expected impact these
unprecedented times could have on our customers' creditworthiness. We had $950 million of securities
impairment, predominantly related to equity securities reflecting lower market valuations. While deferred
compensation plan investment results did not meaningfully impact the bottom line, they increased net
losses from equity securities by $621 million and reduced employee benefits expense by $598 million.
We had $464 million of operating losses, which were down $1.5 billion from the fourth quarter that
included elevated litigation accruals. We had 460 -- we had a $463 million gain on the sale of residential
mortgage loans, which had previously been designated as held for sale. Mortgage banking income declined
$404 million from the fourth quarter driven by mark-to-market losses on loans held for sale and higher
MSR asset valuation losses as a result of assumption updates, primarily prepayment estimates. Finally,
we redeemed our Series K preferred stock, which reduced EPS by $0.06 per share as a result of the
elimination of the purchase accounting discount recorded on these shares at the time of the Wachovia
acquisition.

Even after factoring in the COVID-19 related impacts experienced during the first quarter, as we highlight
on Page 7, our CET1 ratio remained 170 basis points above the regulatory minimum, and our LCR ratio
is 21% above the regulatory minimum. These surpluses are noteworthy given the regulatory minimums

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

they're based upon are established to ensure financial institutions maintain sufficient resources to
withstand severely adverse economic and market conditions.

Turning to Page 8. I'll be covering the income statement drivers throughout the call, but I wanted to
highlight that our effective income tax rate was 19.5% in the first quarter and included net discrete
income tax expense of $141 million.

I'll be highlighting most of the balance sheet drivers on Page 9 throughout the call, but I will note here
that the economic environment our customers are facing due to COVID-19 caused our balance sheet to
expand as loan demand and deposit inflows increased significantly late in the first quarter.

On Page 10, we highlight how we're helping our customers while managing under the asset cap that's
been in place since early 2018. Driven by strong loan demand -- loan growth in March, our total assets
grew $53.8 billion from year-end to $1.981 trillion. As Charlie highlighted, even with this growth, we
continue to operate in compliance with the asset cap of $1.952 trillion as compliance is measured at each
quarter end based on a 2-quarter daily average. As of March 31, the 2-quarter daily average for our assets
was $1.943 trillion.

During these challenging times, we expect loan-to-deposit growth could continue but cannot provide
guidance on the level of growth, and we're actively working to create balance sheet capacity to help our
customers. It's worth noting that the high rate of growth and line utilization by our commercial clients is
backed off since credit markets have reopened.

We appreciate the targeted action the Federal Reserve took last week, which will provide additional
flexibility for us to make small business loans as part of the Paycheck Protection Program and the
forthcoming Main Street business lending program. We have and will continue to take actions to manage
the size of our balance sheet. For example, we've exited correspondent nonconforming mortgage
originations, which gives us the ability to better meet the mortgage financing needs of our existing
customers. And similar to the actions we took in early 2018, we're reducing low liquidity value deposits,
particularly deposits from other financial institutions, and we've also reduced our securities finance
footprint.

Let's look at the drivers of the balance sheet growth we had in the first quarter, starting with average
loans on Page 11. Average loans increased $8.5 billion from the fourth quarter driven by commercial
loans. Given the significant growth that occurred late in the quarter related to a change in borrowing
behavior caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, I'm going to spend more time describing period-end trends
starting on Page 12.

Period-end loans increased $61.6 billion or 6% from a year ago and $47.6 billion or 5% from the fourth
quarter. Commercial loans grew $52 billion or 10% from the fourth quarter as balance sheet declines early
in the first quarter were more than offset by strong growth late in the quarter. The growth in commercial
loans in the first quarter included more than $8 billion of borrower draw activity in the month of March
on commercial banking and corporate investment banking loans. Revolving loan utilization in wholesale
banking was 48.6% in March, up 860 basis points from December. And as I mentioned, during the first
2 weeks of April, we've seen these draws slow. Consumer loans were down $4.4 billion or 1% from the
fourth quarter as declines in credit card loans, consumer real estate loans and other revolving loans were
partially offset by growth in auto loans. I'll highlight the drivers of the linked quarter trends in more detail
starting on Page 13.

The first mortgage loan portfolio decreased $927 million from the prior quarter as refinancing-led
paydowns more than offset $14.3 billion of held-for-investment mortgage loan originations. Junior lien
mortgage loans were down $982 million from the fourth quarter as continued paydowns more than offset
new originations and $1.8 billion of draws on existing lines, which was up meaningfully late in the first
quarter. Credit card loans declined $2.4 billion from the fourth quarter, driven by seasonality and fewer
new account openings. Our auto portfolio continued to grow while we maintained our credit discipline with
balances up $695 million from the fourth quarter. However, as Charlie highlighted, originations declined
5% from the fourth quarter with strong originations in the first quarter -- early in the first quarter, more
than offset by a slowdown in March due to the pandemic.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Turning to commercial loans on Page 14. C&I loans were up $50.9 billion from the fourth quarter with
broad-based growth across business lines, largely driven by draws of revolving lines as clients reacted to
the economic slowdown associated with the pandemic. Commercial real estate loans were up $1.8 billion
from the fourth quarter with growth in both CRE mortgage and construction loans. Given the focus on
commercial loan draws and exposure to industries that have been particularly hard hit as a result of the
pandemic, we're providing more details on certain of our industry exposure starting on Page 15.

We typically disclose the industry breakdown of our C&I and lease financing portfolio in our quarterly
SEC filings but are also providing the industry breakdown of our total commitments on this slide. I'd note
that not all unfunded loan commitments are unilaterally exercisable by borrowers. For example, certain
revolvers contain features that require the customer to post additional collateral in order to access the full
amount of the commitment. While many areas of the economy are being impacted by the pandemic, the
next few slides provide details on the industries with escalated monitoring.

Starting with oil and gas on Page 16. As of March 31, we had $14.3 billion of loans outstanding to the oil
and gas industry. The size of our portfolio was down 20% from $17.8 billion in the first quarter of 2016,
which was also when oil prices were low. As of the end of the first quarter, 47% of our portfolio were loans
to the exploration and production sector, 41% to midstream and 12% to services. I'll provide more detail
on the performance of this portfolio later on the call.

We had $27.8 billion of retail loans outstanding at the end of the first quarter, which included $5.8 billion
to restaurants. This includes $3.9 billion to limited service restaurants, commonly referred to as fast food
restaurants typically with a drive-through, which have largely remained open across the country, while
other restaurant formats have been more impacted with service limited to delivery or pickup.

Turning to the entertainment and recreation industry on Slide 17. We had a total of $16.2 billion of loans
outstanding at the end of the first quarter with less than 1% to cruise lines. We had $11.9 billion of loans
outstanding to the transportation industry as of March 31, which included $2.4 billion to air transportation.

We're also closely monitoring our commercial real estate portfolio, which we highlight on Slide 18. At the
end of the first quarter, we had $14.1 billion of loans outstanding to retail, excluding shopping centers with
our commercial real estate mortgage -- within the commercial real estate mortgage portfolio and $10.6
billion in loans outstanding for the hotel/motel industry. Within our $20.8 billion construction portfolio, we
had $7.1 billion of loans outstanding in apartments.

Turning to deposits on Page 19. Average deposits increased 6% from a year ago and 1% from the fourth
quarter. Typically, we experienced linked quarter seasonal declines in average deposits in our wholesale
banking and WIM businesses, but all of our deposit-gathering businesses grew in the first quarter. This
growth included the late quarter impacts of flight to quality deposits across all business lines following the
emergence of COVID-19 as well as the inflow of deposits associated with corporate and commercial loan
draws. Our average deposit cost declined 10 basis points from the fourth quarter with declines across all of
our major -- all of our lines of business. We had larger declines in wholesale banking and WIM, while our
retail banking deposit cost declined at a slower pace as they were lower to begin with and continue to be
impacted from promotional pricing in early 2019, most of which will expire in the second quarter.

On Page 20, we provide details on period-end deposits, which better reflect the strong growth we had at
the end of the first quarter with total deposits of $53.9 billion or 4% from year-end. Wholesale banking
deposits were up $13.5 billion from the fourth quarter driven by commercial banking and commercial real
estate revolving line draws, partially offset by lower financial institutions deposits, reflecting actions taken
to manage the asset cap. Consumer and small business banking deposits increased $41.1 billion or 5%
from the fourth quarter, including higher retail banking deposits largely driven by growth in high-yield
savings and interest bearing checking. Wealth and Investment Management deposit growth was driven by
higher cash balances from brokerage clients.

Net interest income increased $112 million from the fourth quarter reflecting $356 million higher hedge
ineffectiveness accounting results attributable to the level of market rates and differences in basis and
notional on swaps hedging our long-term debt. $84 million of lower MBS premium amortization resulting
from lower realized prepays partially offset by balance sheet repricing, including the impact of the lower

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

interest rate environment as our assets repriced down faster than our liabilities and from one fewer day
in the quarter. Low rate environment could continue to put pressure on our net interest income, but we're
managing our interest rate exposure to minimize the impact as much as possible. Given the current
market volatility and uncertainty, we're withdrawing our prior 2020 net interest income guidance. While
we're currently not providing guidance on our expectations for net interest income for this year, we will
provide more insights regarding developments throughout the year.

Turning to Page 22. Noninterest income declined $2.3 billion from the fourth quarter driven by a $1.9
billion decline in net gains from equity securities and $404 million of lower mortgage banking income.
Let me explain these declines in more detail starting with mortgage banking. Lower mortgage banking
income reflected unrealized losses of approximately $143 million on residential loans and $62 million
on commercial loans held for sale due to illiquid market conditions and a widening of credit spreads.
This impact is recorded in net gain on mortgage loan originations, and the $143 million loss reduced the
production margin we report on residential held-for-sale originations. Absent this impact, our production
margin would have increased as origination demand exceeded capacity during the first quarter.

Mortgage banking results also reflected $192 million of higher losses on the valuation of our MSR asset
as a result of assumption updates, primarily prepayment estimates. I would note that we ended the first
quarter with a $62 billion mortgage loan application pipeline, which was up $29 billion or 88% from the
fourth quarter.

We provide details on the net losses from equity securities on Page 23. We had $1.4 billion of net losses
from equity securities in the quarter, which included $621 million of largely P&L neutral deferred comp
plan investment losses. Net losses from equity securities also included $935 million of impairments,
reflecting lower market valuation. The impairments on venture capital, private equity and certain
wholesale businesses represented 17% of the carrying values of these businesses' portfolio investments
subject to the impairment assessment.

Turning to expenses on Page 24. Our expenses declined $2.6 billion from fourth quarter. Operating
losses declined $1.5 billion from the fourth quarter, which included elevated litigation accruals. Personnel
expense, which is typically seasonally elevated in the first quarter, declined $494 million from the fourth
quarter driven by lower employee benefits expense. The decline in employee benefits expense was driven
by $861 million of lower deferred comp expense, which was partially offset by $544 million of seasonally
higher payroll taxes and 401(k) matching expenses. We also had lower expenses in a variety of other
areas, including commission and incentive comp, outside professional services, technology and equipment,
and as you would expect, travel and entertainment.

The enhanced benefits and payments we provided to employees in March as part of our response to
COVID-19 did not meaningfully impact our expenses in the first quarter, but we currently expect that they
will have a greater impact beginning in the second quarter and through the remainder of this year. While
these costs will add to our expense base, the actions we took were the right thing to do to support our
employees.

Before discussing our business segments starting on Page 25, I want to note that as a result of the
new, flatter organizational structure that was announced in February, we will be updating our operating
segments when we complete the transition and are managed in accordance with new -- the new 5
business segment structure. Community banking earnings declined $274 million from the fourth quarter
reflecting higher provision expense as well as net losses from equity securities.

On Page 26, we provide our community banking metrics. I'll start by noting that, as always, our digital,
mobile and primary consumer checking customers are reported on a 1-month lag, so the numbers
reported here for first quarter do not capture the change in customer behavior we experienced in March
due to COVID-19. For example, our customers have shifted to depositing checks through our mobile app,
and the dollar volume of mobile checks deposited increased over 40% in March compared with February.

Turning to Page 27. Teller and ATM transactions are reported through March, which is when we reduced
our branch hours and temporarily closed approximately 1/4 of our branches as a result of COVID-19,
which resulted in an approximate 50% decline in teller volume during the final weeks of the first quarter

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

compared with a year ago. Our customers also meaningfully reduced their card spending late in the first
quarter due to the impact of the pandemic. During the first 2 months of the year, credit card volumes were
up from a year ago, while March 2020 volumes declined approximately 15% from March 2019, resulting in
first quarter credit card purchase volumes being down 1% from a year ago. We also had meaningful shifts
in customer spending in March with grocery and pharmacy spending increasing, while all other categories
were down from a year ago. Debit card spending trends were similarly impacted, but the change in spend
was less significant with year-over-year growth in January and February and a 5% decline in year-over-
year volumes in March. Similar to credit card, debit card spending shifted significantly to grocery in March,
but the growth in this category started to slow in the last week of the month.

Turning to Page 28. Wholesale banking earnings declined $2.2 billion from the fourth quarter, reflecting
a $2.2 billion increase in provision expense. I've already highlighted the strong loan and deposit growth
from our commercial customers in the first quarter, and we also raised $47 billion of debt capital for our
clients.

Wealth and Investment Management earnings increased $209 million from the fourth quarter. During the
first quarter, we have experienced strong demand from clients for liquid products. Period-end deposit
balances increased 13% from the fourth quarter, reflecting higher cash allocation than brokerage client
assets. And assets under management in our Wells Fargo asset management business grew significantly
driven by over $34 billion of inflows into our money market funds. Despite the market volatility, closed
referred investment assets into WIM from the consumer bank partnership increased on a linked-quarter
and year-over-year basis, and flows into our retail brokerage advisory business remained positive in the
first quarter. As a reminder, retail brokerage advisory assets are priced at the beginning of the quarter.
So first quarter results reflected market valuations as of January 1, and second quarter results will reflect
market valuations as of April 1.

Turning to Page 30. Our net charge-off rate was up 6 basis points from the fourth quarter to 38 basis
points, predominantly driven by higher C&I losses primarily related to higher losses in our oil and gas
portfolio reflecting significant declines in oil prices. We had net recoveries in all of our commercial and
consumer real estate portfolios and lower losses in our auto portfolio. The increase in credit card losses
from the fourth quarter included seasonality. Nonaccrual loans increased $810 million from the fourth
quarter to 61 basis points of total loans, which was up 5 basis points from the fourth quarter and down 12
basis points from a year ago. Commercial nonaccruals increased $621 million predominantly driven by the
economic impact of the pandemic. Consumer nonaccrual increased $189 million predominantly driven by
higher nonaccruals in the real estate 1 to 4 family first mortgage loan portfolio as the implementation of
CECL required PCI loans to be classified as nonaccruing based on performance.

On Page 31, we provide detail on the performance of our oil and gas portfolio. Oil and gas loans
outstanding increased 5% linked quarter and 7% from a year ago, reflecting increased utilization rates
driven by the impact of COVID-19 and the decline in oil prices. Total commitments declined, reflecting a
weaker credit environment. The significant decline in oil prices in the first quarter resulted in early signs of
credit deterioration, particularly in the E&P sector. Total oil and gas net charge-offs increased $112 million
in the first quarter to $186 million. Nonaccruals declined $66 million from the fourth quarter due to the
higher net charge-offs as well as paydowns, partially offset by new downgrades to nonaccrual status in
the first quarter. Approximately 84% of nonaccrual loans were current on payments during the quarter.
Criticized loans increased 23% from the fourth quarter, predominantly reflecting increases in the E&P
sector.

On Page 32, we highlight our adoption of CECL. At the end of the first quarter, the allowance for loans and
debt securities was $12.2 billion. $12 billion of this allowance was for loans and unfunded commitments,
and our allowance coverage ratio was 1.19% of loans. We added $3.1 billion to our allowance for credit
losses since the adoption of CECL on January 1. This increase was driven by a number of factors,
including: economic sensitivity due to the COVID-19 pandemic; the estimated impact to industries most
adversely affected by the pandemic; our exposure to the oil and gas industry; draws on loan commitments
during the quarter, which were the primary driver of commercial loan growth; and a $141 million reserve
build for debt securities reflecting economic and market conditions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Turning to capital on Page 33. Even after a multiyear program to return excess capital to shareholders, our
CET1 ratio was 10.7% at the end of the first quarter, which continued to be above the regulatory minimum
of 9% and our current internal target of 10%. Our period-end common shares outstanding were down 38
million shares from the fourth quarter. On March 15, we, along with the other members of the financial
services forum, suspended share repurchases through the end of the second quarter.

In summary, while our results in the first quarter were impacted by the economic and market uncertainty
caused by the pandemic, we maintained strong liquidity and capital. Our priority is to continue to use
our financial strength to help the U.S. economy by serving our customers, supporting our employees and
delegating to our communities.

And Charlie and I will now take your questions.

Charles W. Scharf
President, CEO & Director
Operator, do you want to open it up for questions?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Can I just ask you -- John, can you elaborate a little bit more in terms of -- it was good to see the Fed
giving you some flexibility to participate in the programs on lending. But can you elaborate a little bit
more on, are you truly able to provide all the help that your customers are asking for? And how are you
balancing that demand function on behalf of clients with the magnitude that you have to dial back and the
effects that, that might have on the company from an income statement perspective?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Sure. Yes. Thank you. So on the PPP front, which was the targeted action where the Fed gave us some -- a
little extra flexibility, there, I would describe this as unconstrained and in a position to help everybody who
approaches us subject to the program, of course, having sufficient funding from a legislative perspective
but no constraints at Wells Fargo.

With respect to the other trade-offs, as I mentioned, the first places that we're going to be able to
create more capacity to help customers are to reduce nonoperational deposits, principally in the financial
institutions area, where we're relatively easily substitutable. And it's a low-value use of cap balance sheet
because there's a high runoff factor on those types of deposits, and there are tens of billions of dollars of
those types of deposits to continue to work down.

And then secondly, our securities financing footprint, or I would describe that as is that, plus different
sources of wholesale funding, there's -- we did this in 2018 when the cap was originally put in place. But
we've dialed back some of the repo financing and other securities financing that we provide and then
our own utilization of external repo as a financing source to create more room. And that -- the sum of
those activities is, first and foremost, gets us down below the cap on a spot basis, but then we'll create
some amount of room for us to make choices about how to help our customers. And it starts with existing
customers and making sure that we can meet their needs, and that's what we're focused on right now.

Charles W. Scharf
President, CEO & Director

Ken, this is Charlie. I just -- I know you didn't mean it this way, and I just want to make sure that it's
clear for everyone else, is that we have no restrictions on participating in these programs. What the Fed
did is they allowed us to go above the existing balance sheet cap so that we could participate in a more
holistic way without having to adjust other items, which, as you know, is difficult to do in a shorter period
of time. So it provided us the flexibility to do far more than we had chosen to do ourselves based upon our
capacity.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Yes, exactly, Charlie. And second question, John, understanding fully the pulling away from giving full year
guidance, is there a way you can help us understand on the NII front just how you'd expect the trajectory
at least to go from first to second given the changes and all the moving parts that were in this quarter's
results?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. It's a fair question, but not quite yet. We've got the -- I think we're all forecasting something like 0 in
the front end or depending on where LIBOR moves over time and then some number between, call it, 70
and 100 basis points at the long end. How deposit pricing reacts to that, and it came down in this quarter
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

and we anticipate it coming down rapidly over the course of the remainder of the year, will be a big driver.
What of these recent balances that we just booked stick versus those that have been dialed back down, I
think will be a big driver. So not looking for NII growth, I'm sure it'll be down by some amount, but we're
not being any more precise. And hopefully, by the time we get to either mid or at the end of the second
quarter, we'll be in a position to be a little bit more declarative about that.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

A couple of questions. One, just on the outlook for CECL and the CECL charges. I mean I know you
obviously went through in detail what you did this most recent quarter. But I'm just trying to understand
what kind of unemployment level you're assuming in that just so if we see it traject differently from your
assumptions, we know how to think about reserve builds from here.

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So it's a combination of things, including unemployment, but to what level and then for how long and
then the same with GDP, obviously. Other things that are going to matter are what this stimulus is at the
personal level and at the business level and whether that's an effective offset to the impact on consumer
credit from unemployment. So our scenarios, there's a few of them that we're relying on, and we have
different weights on each. Basically, our sort of high single digits sustained down GDP and sustained
unemployment really through 2021. Well, I take it back. We get flat to GDP in 2021 but really not much
growth. So quite elongated in terms of the U shape. Hopefully, that's helpful. And we'll update as we go
along. We're a little less relying on sharp spikes and sharp recoveries and thinking about this a little bit
more as a long, slow burn over the next couple of years for risk management purposes.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. And then if I could drill down just on the oil side. I mean, obviously, we went through an oil
event several years ago. It was like 2016. And you had some workouts around that, brought down the
oil exposure, the gas exposure since then. Maybe you can give us a sense as to how you're thinking
about this go round. I mean the price is obviously a little bit lower, but I'm thinking that your book has
changed a bit. Maybe you could give us some color on how you're dealing with that portfolio and what
your expectations are there.

Charles W. Scharf
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, and the book does look different. So on the one hand, it's smaller. On the other hand, it's a little
bit -- it's more senior. We had a bigger weight on lowering the capital structure activity before going into
the 2015, 2016 downturn. We're imagining, because of the levels of the resource price, that losses given
default are substantially worse this time through.

In terms of the migration of performing to nonperforming, I'd say in our own credit loss analysis, we're
assuming basically across the board, full notch downgrade type of -- in our own estimation of default
probability. I think we're approaching it in a pretty sober basis. We've got a good number on it now, both
specifically and through our qualitative reserve. And we'll continue, I think, to up our disclosure around it
like we did in 2015, 2016 as we work through that.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. But that's embedded within your CECL estimate today already. So if it pans out as expected, we
wouldn't expect to see any more reserve build on that specific asset class.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Well, so yes and no. We always end up reserving more than we end up charging off. So when I'm
thinking about the through the cycle charge-off, my sense is we have a line of sight on how we expect it
to perform, but for any number of reasons, we do. And CECL is different than the prior methodology, but
I'm not surprised when we lean in a little hard and it turns out that cumulative losses were less than the
allocated number. It just seems to work out that way.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Anonymous Research (sic) [ Autonomous
Research ].

John Eamon McDonald
Autonomous Research LLP

John, Charlie. John, I was wondering if you could give any more color on the kind of base case economic
scenario that you've baked into the first quarter reserve build. And given that, like what kind of macro
scenario would have to materialize in the second quarter for you to have a similar-sized provision or to be
adding more than you added in the first quarter? And then maybe Charlie could just add some thoughts
on the potential path you see for this credit cycle relative to what you've seen in your career, Charlie.
What are some of the similarities and differences you think about how this might play out relative to great
financial crisis or stress test scenarios?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

So I'll go first. And John, it's still Autonomous Research, right, not Anonymous Research?

John Eamon McDonald
Autonomous Research LLP

Yes.

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Make sure we get that right. So as I mentioned to Betsy, we're taking kind of a longer window
approach rather than a quick V or even a quick U in thinking about growth through the rest of the year
and into next year being mid to high single digits negative this year and flattening out but not growing
really next year and then unemployment in the long and sustained high single-digit range. There already
have been perhaps spikes that go beyond that, but we're thinking about this as it plays out quarter after
quarter.

So just to dimension it compared to other scenarios, thinking about both our performance in the financial
crisis as well as our own CCAR severely adverse scenarios. At this point, we see this as not generating
that level of loss in our own CCAR severely adverse scenarios. I think we produced 9 quarter credit
losses of about 2.75% in total, with peak quarterly loss rates expressed on an annualized basis of about
1.7%, 1.75% and an average of about 1.2%. That's got a steeper drop in GDP and a steeper climb in
unemployment. And importantly, no stimulus baked into the severely adverse case. It doesn't anticipate
the types of interventions that we've already seen and we're waiting to see materialize.

And with respect to the financial crisis as a benchmark, importantly, at least for Wells Fargo, it may be
true for other banks as well, but loan portfolios were very different then. The quality of loans, particularly
on the single-family side, was worse. I think our auto portfolio was worse then, too. And so there, we
did produce somewhat higher loss rates, even higher loss rates than we do today in our own CCAR
analysis because the content of the portfolio is different. But I guess I would describe what we're currently
imagining now to be, I'll call it, half-ish of an annualized loss rate of the severely adverse version of our
own stress test. And so if things play out substantially worse, then there's certainly the possibility that we
end up building more or experiencing more charge-offs or both. But we feel good about the approach that
we've taken in March, developing our scenarios with our governance around it and coming into the quarter
end. And Charlie, you may have comments on the comparability?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Charles W. Scharf
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Listen, I think as I said in my remarks, I think we all know we haven't seen anything like this before.
There's no clear path with any narrow range of outcomes for what unemployment or GDP will be. I
mean when we think about different people's estimates, I mean, you can see GDP differences of 10, 20
points across very smart people who do this for a living; same thing with unemployment, 5, 10 points
differences. And so making an analogy of what this environment is to other environments, I just have a
very hard time doing.

Having said that, I think we feel like the portfolios that we have are stronger than they were at other
downturns as I think they certainly are in many banks out there. The real question will ultimately be how
long this shutdown actually continues, which, again, none of us know. But in addition to that, how our
actions, whether it's the forbearance plans that we have or the fee waivers, the things that we're doing
very actively to help our clients and the huge amount of government intervention, whether those things
will actually be able to bridge individuals and small businesses and larger corporations to the other side of
this. I personally wouldn't be surprised that as the earnings cycle continues and as we start to see these
numbers, even though people are talking about big numbers, they'll potentially continue to be surprised
by the size of them. That will create additional volatility in the environment that we live in. And it wouldn't
surprise me to continue to have to add to reserves as those things impact confidence and ultimately what
economic growth looks like. But as I said, I think it's different. And again, what we know is, we're strong
and the industry is strong to be able to handle this.

John Eamon McDonald
Autonomous Research LLP

Great. And as a quick follow-up to that, Charlie, the idea of banks maintaining dividend payments is a
big debate right now, not just for Wells Fargo, but for the industry overall. And you've cut the majority of
distributions, you and the other banks, 2/3 of it has been buybacks. And folks talk about the importance
of dividends as a signaling. Can you talk about the pros and cons of keeping the dividends for yourself and
the industry?

Charles W. Scharf
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, listen, I think certainly, the dividends are certainly important for all of those that own the
stock. And ultimately, those that wind up benefiting from stock ownership are individuals in one way or
another, whether it's direct holdings or whether it's pension plans and things like that. And so I think the
income stream that people come to rely on, especially at times like this, is important, but there has to
be an underlying ability for companies to be able to pay. And so to the extent that they have that ability
to pay, I certainly think it's the right thing to do for the reasons that I just said. We have strong capital
ratios. We do all the stress tests and whatnot that John referred to and determine our ability to return
capital in these severely stressed environments. Also remind you that for us, we are slightly different than
others because of the balance sheet cap. So our balance sheet cap does limit our ability to deploy capital
internally. And so based on that, that's why we sit here and look at it and say that we think the dividends
certainly that we're paying makes sense. But as I alluded in my prior comments, we don't know what the
future looks like. Based upon the assumptions that we've laid out in these very stressed environments,
we do feel good about it. But ultimately, the timing and the pace of the recovery is going to determine
earnings capacity for everyone to be able to continue to support the level of dividends.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America.

Erika Najarian
BofA Securities, Research Division

I just wanted to ask a clarifying question on John's question on the dividend because that is a question
that investors are asking a lot about Wells Fargo specifically. So before you reported earnings, consensus

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

was at $2.35 for this year versus dividends of $2.04. And I just wanted to make sure I'm taking away
the right message and that the market shouldn't really look at the payout and instead, given that the
bright line on capital distributions would be breaking that 9% CET1, we would continue to monitor where
your capital levels are relative to the minimum. And because of the balance sheet restriction, unlike some
peers, you are less able to eat through your capital through RWA growth. Is that the right way to think
about the dividend going forward?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

I think that's right. And also, I'd add to Charlie's view, though, that as the quarters unfold and we figure
out how long we're going to be in this economic state and what the path forward looks like and we use
that to interpret and estimate what our go-forward earnings trajectory looks like, that's the context for
understanding what the steady state dividend should look like. So in terms of what this year's dividend
looks like versus this year's consensus or estimated earnings during a time of stress is less germane, I
think, than, a, the fact that we start with ample capital; and b, what we think our run rate, more steady
state earnings are on the way out of this and reflect what the dividend is in light of that. Hope that's
helpful. But yes, the point that Charlie was making about the fact that we're not really in a position to go
out and generate substantial incremental RWA through outsized loan origination is an important one and
a distinguishing one versus others who may be doing that right now and expanding their balance sheet
intentionally.

Erika Najarian
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. And my second question is on forbearance. And just a clarification question also on something
that you said, John. So if possible, could you give us some updates on how many of your clients, if you
could give it to us like by mortgage, by auto, are in the 90-day or 60-day forbearance period? How April
1 payment behavior was like? And also, just clarifying what you said, John. You said that potentially, the
losses, the cumulative losses this cycle would be 50% of the severely adverse, which I think for 9 quarters
was $26 billion?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

No. What I said was that the current loss rates that are in the scenario that we're talking through are in
the neighborhood of half of our current severely adverse. I think you're probably looking at last year. And
so I'm not making a call on the cumulative level of losses. I'm just making the point that as a benchmark
in response to John's question for contextually, like what does bad really look like? In that instance, over 9
quarters, we calculated 2.75% aggregate credit loss. And for context, in terms of where we are now, these
loss rates are lower than that by more than half, roughly half. But I'm not predicting that we're going to
go through a cycle like our own severely adverse stress test cycle that lasts for 9 quarters and goes that
deep, et cetera, just providing a benchmark.

With respect to deferrals, I think we're -- now in deferrals, including both loans on our own books as well
as loans that we service for others because the customers don't distinguish when they call Wells Fargo.
And I think at this point, we've had requests for deferring over 1 million payments. It's about $3 billion
worth of P&I. I think about 20% of that relates to loans on our own books and 80% of it is loans serviced
for others. It's disproportionately auto and mortgage. The dollars, of course, are mortgage because the
P&I is bigger there than it is on an auto loan. I don't have the specifics in front of me beyond that, but
that's what it amounts to. And then it probably is worth mentioning, at least with respect to the loans on
our own books, that we would be deferring interest into the future and recognizing interest revenue on
an effective interest basis, which would reduce the amount of interest income in the current period by
some amount. It's not, at this point, doesn't seem to be a large amount. We'll give updates on that as this
number flattens out at some point and we recalculate all of the P&I and effective yield, but I don't think
it's going to be a huge difference maker in terms of our interest income recognition for the year.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

John, I think you mentioned at one point during the call that there's perhaps been a little bit of an abating
in the pace of line of credit draws. I wonder if you can just talk to what you've been seeing since the
quarter end. I guess it stands to reason that with the quarter ending and your customers may be doing
some window dressing, there would be less need for line of credit draws. But how is that actually trending
and how would you expect those balances to behave? Is that cash actually getting used or are you seeing
it just indeed redeposited back into the bank? What are the phenomena at work there?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. We monitor those daily draws just to understand what's happening by industry, by customer, by
customer type, et cetera, and they really have flattened out and have been negligible for the last several
days, more than a week. And so they peaked probably at the end of the third week in April and then --
pardon me, in March, and then came right back down. So not growing at anything like that pace. So the
related question of how long do they stick is a good one. And I guess it depends on the reason for the
draw to begin with, whether it was window dressing, whether it was a need to access credit markets,
some of which had been closed and some of which are more or less open, the high grade market, wide
open, obviously. But for people who need to go into the syndicated loan market or the high-yield market,
it's a little bit more by appointment, depending on their story. There were people who drew because of
just a hardcore liquidity preference, and they wanted to have quick access to the cash regardless of the
messaging that they were sending to their external stakeholders. And they may continue to have that
preference for liquidity until people know when the economy is going to open back up and depending
on nature of the borrower, what it means for their sales forecast. And so I don't think we've seen any
meaningful paydowns yet. And as I mentioned in response to the question about NII guidance, whether
or not those balances remain outstanding will have an impact on this quarter one way or the other. And
currently, they're sticking, but they're not really growing.

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. Perfect. And then if I can ask a second question just on Slide 15, where you go through the C&I
loans by bucket. Can you talk a little bit about the financials except banks portfolio? I know you've
discussed it in the past, but just given all the turmoil there's been in some of the nonbank areas, just
maybe a little color on sort of what we should be thinking about there?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So the buckets of activity there, there's the CLO-related activity, so credit managers. There's
subscription finance where we're providing leverage to alternative asset managers against the
commitments of their limited partners to fund when called. There's leasing. There's auto. There's card.
There's mortgage. There's commercial mortgage, et cetera. I'm sure we'll see a little bit more stress in the
system. As it relates to the loan balances, they, by and large, tend to be the highest quality loan balances
on a ratings basis or among the highest quality that we have because they're generally credit enhanced
pools of cross-collateralized receivables in one form or another. And that's a huge benefit to us compared
to the average portfolio of whole loans where you have the first dollar of loss if something goes bad in a
loan.

Having said that, these types of customers will have stress often in their origination function if they're
an originator or in their ongoing capital accumulation if they're an asset manager. There can be stress
on the servicing side of this. For those that are residential mortgage oriented, their life is going to be a
little bit harder presumably as servicing, servicing advances, default servicing, things like that pop up.
And so we're managing them in that way on the CLO front, which is a big distinguishing portfolio for Wells
Fargo. In addition to what's here, there's a little bit of overlap. But also in our securities portfolio, we have
$30-ish-billion worth of CLO exposure, disproportionately top of the capital structure, AAA, AA that can
withstand an extraordinary, almost a complete level of cumulative default with varying levels of loss given
default. And we're still very comfortable with that. 80% of that portfolio is externally rated AAA, which I

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

think is a plus. So there haven't been meaningful signs of stress here. We will talk about it if it becomes
so. We actively manage it in our allowance calculations. And these are very actively managed borrower
relationships, as I mentioned.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez with UBS.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Wanted to tackle a couple of things really quickly. First, the interplay of credit and CECL. So you trued up,
you took up your reserves, obviously, and your ACL ratio is roughly about 120 basis points. And this is
probably oversimplifying it, but one way to think about that ratio under CECL is it's an estimate of what
you think you're going to lose on the entirety of your loan book over the life of the loan at any given point
in time. And that number is lower than what it is for any other large bank even as of January 1. So I kind
of want to get your perspective on how much of that, you think, is a reflection of just you guys having
lower loss content loans, a better risk profile of it, as opposed to maybe some other more idiosyncratic
things. I seem to recall that you've marked some loans in the past that were in recovery positions and
stuff like that. And I ask also just because I do get that question occasionally from investors, asking if
you're under-reserved relative to your peers, which I don't think is the case, but I kind of wanted to get
your perspective on this.

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. I think it's a good question. And I think loan mix has a lot to do with it. The question about marked
loans historically would have been true, but with the adoption of CECL, most of those marks had to be
reversed, which was the source of a portion of our Day 1 adoption negative number. So we don't have that
to rely on, although we used to. I think the biggest difference is probably the weights that we have on
jumbo mortgage versus the weight that we have on credit card on a heads-up basis versus other peers.
And that's true of both outstanding as well as undrawn. And the allowance is there to serve both our credit
card portfolio, which under most conditions we wish was a bigger capability for Wells Fargo at times like
this is a little bit of a saving grace because the expected loss content, both in what's outstanding as well
as what might be expected to come through from undrawn is more manageable in the size of our balance
sheet. It's still, as you'd expect, the higher loss content, higher loss rate exposure because it's consumer
unsecured and unemployment will be a big driver of losses in this cycle or any cycle. But on the first lien
mortgage front, because that business has changed so much, and between borrower capacity to repay,
reserves, LTVs, et cetera, even in stress, our loss estimations for that portfolio are really quite low. And so
as you run down different categories of C&I or commercial real estate or the various consumer categories,
credit card is the highest and first lien mortgage is the lowest. And there, we have the biggest weight on
mortgage and probably the lowest weight on card.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. And I presume in your Q, in your loans 90 days, you'll be giving loan loss allowance by lending
category so we can compare you to your peers by segment, right?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Yes.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And just one final one. Do you have a sense or have you disclosed how much you've actually reserved
or would you disclose or have a sense for how much you've actually reserved for oil and gas and
entertainment and all of the high risk sectors on, I think, Slide 28 to 30, just to get a sense of where you
stand in terms of reserve levels in those categories.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

We haven't yet because most of that is still a part of this qualitative top-up of the reserve, which is
how the big build for this quarter went down. This is all estimation. And as a result, it's not specifically
allocated by loan grade and by portfolio. It will get there. Those are the industries that I mentioned or
the categories that I mentioned are the ones where we've leaned in the hardest and on a qualitative basis
assumed certain levels of downgrade, which lead to the higher reserve factor being attached to them, but
it hasn't run through the process yet that way because we haven't had those downgrades. So we will start
to provide more information. I'm not sure if it will be in the Q, but certainly, as the cycle unfolds and these
things actually start to appear in the calculated graded reserve for C&I categories, in particular.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Back to the through-cycle loss number, your 2.75% number. I know you just indicated that cards would
be the highest in that assumption. Do you have what those through-cycle numbers are that you have by
bucket for, for example, commercial real estate and card and C&I that make up the 2.75%?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Right. So the 2.75% is the CCAR severely adverse through the cycle cumulative loss level. So it's not
our through the cycle loss level. I'm not sure whether I wasn't clear. I don't want anybody to walk away
thinking that, that's what we anticipate experiencing through the average cycle. We have not laid all of
that out. I guess I would look to the categories of loan loss disclosure with the last stress test. Those come
from the Fed. You get to see Wells Fargo's, but we haven't gone category by category and laid it out. I can
tell you that on the commercial side it's about 2.5% and on the retail side it's about 3%. But in terms of
the individual components, we haven't run through that with folks.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. Got it. Got it. And then regarding the loan loss reserve from here, I believe, Charlie, you indicated
in one of your previous answers that you could see incremental loan loss reserve builds from here. Is that
a fair assumption at this point given your expectation for the ongoing stress on borrowers, et cetera, that
we could have incremental builds or do you think we're on an adequate level given the recast of the back
book and what you put on this current quarter in terms of where your reserve stands at this point?

Charles W. Scharf
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I guess, let me just -- I'm not an economist. And so I don't pretend to know any more about the
future than anyone else who's in my position. And what I said was, I think it's clear that economists are
having a difficult time trying to figure out what the trajectory of unemployment and GDP will be. What I
was saying was, it wouldn't surprise me that people will continue to be surprised by the downside in the
numbers. We've not seen anything in our own portfolios to suggest that we will be adding in the future.
But if confidence does deteriorate and the shelter-in-place orders stay on for longer, which is possible,
then it wouldn't surprise me that loss estimates would have to go up from this point. Again, it's not
based on something that we've seen. We don't know the impact of all the programs that are out there,
which we've never seen anything like this before. But there's probably -- I think it's fair to say, at least
in my mind, there's more downside than there is upside at this point just given the uncertainty of the
environment today.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Got it. That's helpful. If I can ask just one more. On the drawdown point, I know you had implied that
you're seeing a little bit of stability there on the draws. Have drawdowns on the commercial side trended
as you had expected or would you have thought that they could have exceeded the current level where
they've showed some near-term leveling off?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So they came out of the gate fast and furious before the borrowers actually experienced meaningful
stress. So I would say that was a little faster than we probably would have imagined. In terms of how
things have leveled off, the prior question about whether there was window dressing going on through
the quarter end where our borrowers wanted to have cash on their balance sheet, certainly possible that,
that was a part of it. The high grade, well, the CP market being inaccessible for many users and the high-
grade market being expensive or closed for a little bit certainly contributed to it, too. Both of those things
are functioning better now and these balances are still maintained so it's not crystal clear whether that
was a contributor to it, but it seemed a little fast. The fact that it -- I think that folks are, like Charlie
mentioned with respect to our own results, are trying to understand how long they're there. If they're
meaningfully affected from a sales perspective, how long shelter in place is going to change the nature of
their business, and they're going to make their liquidity determinations along the way. It feels like many
people, many business leaders made that determination relatively quickly in the early draws. But it's, as I
said, it's flattened out.

Charles W. Scharf
President, CEO & Director

The only thing I'd add is that this is not, as we say over and over again, this isn't something that we've
seen before. And so would we have thought that the number of industries and businesses would be shut
down as quickly at the same time? No. Does that increase draw levels and the speed at which they draw
it? Absolutely. But the fact that we're seeing some stability in those numbers and reductions in terms of
who they are says an awful lot about the actions certainly that the Fed has taken to stabilize the markets
and give people the confidence that the markets will function well when they need to access them.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

It seems like expenses in the first quarter came in a bit lower than expected even if we adjust for the
deferred comp noise. Any outlook that you could provide on costs for the year?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Not meaningful. We instituted a few programs for our employees in the first quarter that didn't cost
much in the first quarter that will probably contribute a little extra throughout the course of the year. On
the other hand, there's a range of revenue-related costs that will probably be lower with commissions,
incentive comp types of things, depending on business conditions, of course, and our ongoing level of
performance. T&E is pretty much down to 0 because people are not traveling or sheltering in place. We
will have different technology costs but probably get a little bit more expensive as we've enabled 180,000
people to work from home. That all has to get factored in. And then, of course, we've got certain types
of expense that are levered to where the stock price is, et cetera, and that will, in this environment, will
probably be cheaper than it was a year ago, but not anything targeted or meaningful in this moment
during the public health crisis beyond that.

Charles W. Scharf
President, CEO & Director

And the only thing that I would add is, as we think about what the future is, we were very clear on the last
call about our views on our efficiency and the work we had to do. And given the environment that we're in,
this is not the kind of environment where we're able to realize any meaningful savings. So we need to see

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

line of sight past this crisis in order to continue to get back to the work that we have to do to drive that
number down, which we still completely believe is there, doable and the right thing. It's just going to take
a little more time at this point.

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Understood. And then you've made some comments in terms of the regulatory issues and obviously
the flexibility to help small business customers. But any just kind of broader update on addressing the
regulatory issues? And there were some headlines that you were missing some deadlines in the media,
which doesn't seem surprising since a lot of things are shut down. But just anything you want to add from
kind of a regulatory perspective that you're able to comment on?

Charles W. Scharf
President, CEO & Director

I'm not going to talk about anything specific. It's not the right thing to do. I'll just reiterate, we have a
lot of work to do. I've been saying that very, very consistently. Our ability to get beyond some of these
regulatory actions is based upon our doing the work properly. There is a bunch of it. We're continuing to
devote all the necessary resources towards it even during this crisis. And that's really what I can say at
this point.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

So John, just wanted to ask a question about how you're managing the securities book. I recognize you
guys called the NII guidance. But I'm just trying to understand given the significant declines at the long
end of the curve, I was hoping you could help us frame where you're reinvesting today versus the roughly
2.8% yield on the securities book? And maybe just bigger picture, what's your appetite to reinvest in
other asset classes outside of agency MBS and Treasuries to maybe mitigate some of those reinvestment
pressures?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. It's a good question. So where we're investing today, and I think we've got $6 billion to $9 billion
a month of expected prepayment and maturity that needs to get redeployed. We have been and will
likely continue to redeploy it into HQLA. There are certainly interesting opportunities in credit-sensitive
securities, et cetera. They were really interesting in March, but they're still interesting today. But for low
liquidity value, more risk-weighted types of investment, we're more likely to use our dry powder for our
customers. So for loan growth rather than on the securities front, even though historically, we would
have done both. And a portion of that is related to the existence of the asset cap. So it's still likely to be
Treasuries, Ginnies and agency mortgages as we redeploy that $6 billion to $9 billion per month for the
rest of the year.

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

Got it. And just for my follow-up, I just wanted to try and gauge the near-term outlook for fee income.
I know there's a lot of moving pieces this quarter. It looked like if we adjust for all of the specials, it
was about a $1.3 billion drag, suggesting maybe a core fee run rate somewhere around $7.7 billion. I'm
just wondering, as we look ahead, just given some of the pressures you cited on service charges, spend
volume contracting, lower fees in wealth given the lag quarter pricing, I guess you'll have an offset from
mortgage, I just wanted to try and frame how we should be thinking about the right jumping off point for
core fee income in 2Q, maybe just speak to your outlook for the remainder of the year.

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

So that's complicated for all the reasons you've been describing. I would say that you're right about
the stepping off point for Wealth and Investment Management. That will be lower. I expect mortgage
to be stronger. We have a $60 billion pipeline and a stronger gain on sale on a per pound basis. So the
second quarter should be good in that respect. The markets businesses are actually doing really well right
now. Although investment banking is quieter, high grade is open, but there isn't quite as much going on
in noninvestment-grade or equity issuance. Card fees should be lower because transactional volumes
are lower. Deposit service charges, in my sense, will be lower because of actions that we're taking on a
targeted basis to reverse fees where it's appropriate. And it never works to add it all up and give a core
number, but those are probably the bigger influences on fee income going into Q2.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Charles Peabody with Portales.

Charles Peabody;Portales Partners;Analyst

It's my guess that tail risk events are not over for this economic cycle. So I was wondering if you could
address 2 different tail risks as they relate to managing your interest rate sensitivity and the impact on
your P&L. The first is, if we go into a multi-quarter period of negative rates, what are the actions you
can take to manage that and how do you see that impacting your P&L? And then the second is, if bond
vigilantes ever do come back and we got a steepening of the yield curve, 100, 125 basis point spread
between 2s and 10s, what impact does that have on your P&L as it relates to NII, mortgage banking and
equity securities or debt securities. And then finally...

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Sure. I like the second one better than the first one.

Charles Peabody;Portales Partners;Analyst

Yes. I know you would. But also, did you take any material actions in the month of March to hedge your
interest rate risk going into the second quarter? So those are the 3 separate questions, sorry.

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Sure. So we'll go in reverse order. In the month of March, I would say getting longer duration, not
much longer, but continuing to replace and add to duration in this investment portfolio is the most visible
activity to defend against going lower in rates in any size.

On the second question about what happens if we get a steepener, obviously, there's a hit to capital
from OCI when that happens because our bond portfolio loses value. But with the amount that we have
regularly to reinvest with deposits at levels that they are, et cetera, we are sensitive to the, call it, that 7-
to 10-year point. And without putting a specific number on it, it's among the biggest drivers in terms of
the way we're positioned for increasing net interest income and the reverse is true as well.

And then with respect to negative rates, there's a handful of things. I mean, obviously, looking at Europe
or looking at Japan, there's plenty of examples of why that's not a terrific environment to be in for
banking. But on the LIBOR-based lending side, I'd make the point that I think substantially all of our C&I
loans that are LIBOR-based have floors in them so that we're not worried about eating through margins.
Still an attractive place to be, but we've protected ourselves in that way. I think there are a range of
deposit-related activities that we have where we would begin to institute charging for holding cash. Given
the existence of the asset cap, we can't overpay for deposits because we're in the business of sending
low liquidity value deposits back to bank customers and the like. So we would probably be pretty quick to
be managing what we pay for deposits so that we didn't have an incremental influx that we didn't have
an appetite for. And then as I mentioned, adding or maintaining some fixed rate posture, long duration
posture on the investment portfolio as a way to abate earning a negative rate as rates go below 0. I don't
think you're suggesting there's a high probability of that. I think the Fed's been pretty clear. There've
been some instances where bills went negative just because of technical factors, but I don't think it's at
least currently part of the playbook for the Fed. And in the other jurisdictions around the world where it

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

has occurred out the curve, it started with a policy decision to do it at the front end. So I like the steeper
curve better than negative rates among your questions.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Brian Kleinhanzl with KBW.

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Just a quick question on first maybe the mortgage banking and can you kind of walk through the decision
to exit on the nonconforming correspondent? I mean, I heard the trend in loss rates below in residential
mortgage. Was this an issue with the asset cap or just credit risk more broadly?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

It's really shelf space and putting our own retail customers at the front of the line as one of the levers that
we're using to manage living under the asset cap, not credit risk in particular.

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then a separate question then. There was a lot of kind of one-off items in the quarter that
were due just where markets were at the end of the quarter or where spreads were. I know there was
the reserve for debt securities, equity impairments and then also on hedge ineffectiveness. Are any of
those expected to reverse given where markets are at this point in time or where rates are for the hedging
activity?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

On the hedge ineffectiveness, I wouldn't expect that to reverse or to persist. It was sort of a confluence of
events that gave rise to it for the quarter. So that probably goes back to a net expectation of, call it, a net
0 expectation. And it can drift up or down depending on what happens in the LIBOR-OIS basis or for some
other reasons.

In terms of equity impairments, those move up. There are some measurement alternative activities that
actually do get written back up when the situation warrants it, but I wouldn't expect that to happen in
the early stages of a recession if that's where we are in the next few quarters. Obviously, there are lots of
ways to earn that back over the life of those investments, but it will take a while for that to reveal itself.
And what was the last one? There were a couple of different examples.

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

The reserve for debt securities.

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. I don't anticipate that it will. That relates to both AFS and held-to-maturity securities. So presumably,
there are some AFS securities that might get sold or mature that release some of that, but I don't think it
just comes right back. That's the nature of OTTI.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.

Vivek Juneja
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

A couple of things. Firstly, how did total criticized loans do in the quarter? I know you mentioned oil and
gas. Have we seen, firstly, any numbers and have you seen any impact of any of those other industries
where there's concern? And as you look at your commercial loan book, you broke down the drawdowns

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

into CIB, commercial banking, commercial capital and CRE. Any color on the outstandings in those and
also the breakdown of how criticized did in those 4 categories?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

So criticized loan balances increased about $4 billion in the quarter, almost all of it in March. Trying to do
the math here, a big piece of it are for those that are in the industries that we mentioned earlier, airlines,
for example. You'll see it in energy, for sure. There's some commercial real estate that has already come
through. It's so early because this all occurred in size in mid to late March that we'll probably see more
of that realizing itself in Q2, which is part of why our allowance build is really so much from a qualitative
perspective. I mean, it's based in math, but it's not driven by loan gradings, et cetera, which drive the
quantitative approach. So I think you'll see it coming from the usual places. We'll have more specifics in
the 10-Q when we file it. And then, of course, we'll see the behavior in actual. When we receive financials,
we'll administer loans on a loan-by-loan basis through the second quarter and that will update the
quantitative model and the disclosures in Q2.

Vivek Juneja
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And how does your commercial loan book breakdown between CIB, commercial banking, commercial
capital? Really, those are your 3 biggest categories. And I guess, there's a little bit of CRE included in C&I.
Any color on that?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

There will be when we publish those segments. What we have in the deck today that shows total C&I
outstandings and commitments is a superset of those businesses so you can see the total. Where we draw
the lines between what is in which segment, we haven't added it up and disclosed it that way, but you will
begin to see it that way in Q2.

Vivek Juneja
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Another question. You mentioned on the page on deposits that you grew deposits in consumer through
high-yield savings. Any color on why you're growing high-yield savings? You're really not trying. I didn't
think you were trying to grow deposits. Any color on what what's behind that?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Well, high yield isn't the same today as it was a year ago. Some of where we grow is the preference
of the customer choosing where they're going to put their money in this. The label of high-yield savings
means something different. As I said a little bit earlier, we're forecasting our deposit cost to come down
substantially throughout the remainder of 2020, reflecting what you're suggesting, which is in a flight to
quality time frame with a liquidity preference by our customers, the deposits are rolling through the door
and we are not overpaying for them. You will see in Q2, I think, substantially all of the incentives from last
year as we were building deposits at a slightly more expensive time frame to finally roll off. And then Q2,
so through Q2, 3 and 4 as we currently forecasted, we're going to be heading back to deposit costs of the
2000 -- call it, '14, '15 era.

Operator

And ladies and gentlemen, we do have time for one more question. And that last question comes from
Gerard Cassidy with RBC.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

John, can you share with us -- on Slide 15, you gave us the total outstandings and the total commitments.
I think there's about 58% outstandings to commitments. What was that number at the end of the fourth
quarter of 2019? And within those categories you gave us, who had the biggest drawdowns?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Wow. That's a very specific question you're asking me.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Save the worst for last.

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Yes. Yes. Well, so I don't have that information right in front of me. I can tell you that as a category,
and this was on Slide 12 in the same deck, our utilization rate jumped up almost 9% to 49%. So for the
whole universe of wholesale commitments, we had been in the high 30s, and now we're in the high 40s
of utilization. I'm going to have our IR folks follow up with you because we do -- we have been tracking
utilization or, I should say, draw requests by industry, and that might be useful, but I don't have it right in
front of me.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

No. That's good. And if someone else complemented you guys, the breakout on the portfolios for oil and
gas, retail, transportation and entertainment was very helpful. If you could provide then the suggestion
for the next time for the financial except banks, I think that would be helpful. One last question for you.
It's a technical question. If your assumptions in CECL are correct on the economy that you guys use to
build up the CECL reserve this quarter, if they're correct, in the second quarter, do we see the provision
being primarily then to cover net charge-offs and loan growth and no more CECL reserve buildup? Is that
correct? Is that the way we should look at it?

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

In theory, if you had perfect foresight, but you'll also have to kind of know RWA growth in the same time
frame because at a minimum you'd be capturing allowance for the change in the loan portfolio from one
quarter to the next. But I would discourage anyone from imagining at this point in time that any bank has
got perfect clairvoyance about what the future holds. And whether it gets better or gets worse, I'm sure it
will be a little bit different.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

No, no. No doubt. I appreciate that.

John Shrewsberry;Senior EVP & CFO

Terrific. Terrific. Well, thank you, everybody. That was our last call. And this is the first step on the journey
as we go into this cycle. We've been saying for some time that we're late in the cycle. We're going to stop
saying that because now we're early in the cycle. And we'll be working with each of you to help answer
your questions where we can. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you very much.

John M. Campbell
Director of Investor Relations

Thanks, everyone.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

27

