Xerox Holdings Corporation NYSE:XRX
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 28, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.00

0.15

-

0.36

1.42

2.45

Revenue  (mm)

1545.60

1465.00

(5.21 %)

1718.80

7253.04

7407.05

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-24-2020 10:30 AM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.87

1.09

0.29

0.00

1.08

1.33

0.21

0.15

24.14 %

22.02 %

(27.59 %)

-

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ann Pettrone
Director of Corporate Finance and
Investor Relations Officer

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

William F. Osbourn
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Ananda Prosad Baruah
Loop Capital Markets LLC,
Research Division

Jim Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Paul Coster
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Xerox Holdings Corporation Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Release
Conference Call hosted by John Visentin, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. He is joined by Bill
Osbourn, Chief Financial Officer.

During this call, Xerox executives will refer to slides that are available on the Web at www.xerox.com/
investor. At the request of Xerox Holdings Corporation, today's conference call is being recorded. Other
recording and/or rebroadcasting of this call are prohibited without the expressed permission of Xerox.
[Operator Instructions]

During this conference call, Xerox executives will make comments that contain forward-looking
statements, which by their nature, address matters that are in the future and are uncertain. Actual future
financial results may be materially different than those expressed herein.

At this time, I would like to turn the meeting over to Mr. Visentin. Mr. Visentin, you may begin.

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

Good morning, and thank you for joining Xerox' Q2 2020 earnings call. I hope everyone is safe and
healthy.

For the second quarter, revenue totaled $1.47 billion, down 34.6% in constant currency year-over-year.
Company-wide cash preservation efforts allowed us to deliver positive cash flow, earnings per share and
operating margin. Free cash flow for the quarter totaled $15 million, down $245 million year-over-year.
Adjusted earnings per share totaled $0.15, down $0.64 year-over-year. And adjusted operating margin
was 4.2%, down 820 basis points year-over-year.

I'm proud of our team. It was not easy to deliver profitable results and continue investing in key areas of
growth while the bulk of our markets were fully or partially shut down during the quarter. The fact that we
did speaks volumes about the progress we have made in transforming this company and culture into one
of continuous improvement. This is an extraordinary time in our lives, one that has challenged each of us
to be better, do more and demonstrate that the situations we face only improve when all of us are working
together. That's true for the pandemic and for the continuing battle against racial inequality.

Xerox has approximately 26,000 employees located in more than 40 countries working at approximately
250 of our own facilities and on-site at thousands of customer locations, many of whom deliver essential
services. After we initially closed our offices in March to all but essential workers, we stood up a dedicated
team that quickly developed comprehensive safety protocols to keep employees and clients safe. While
taking a cautious, methodical and phased approach, we have now reopened roughly half of our own
facilities, and more than 50% of our active employees have resumed working on-site in some capacity.
We continue to monitor COVID-19 transmission trends to ensure employees engaged in on-site work
remain safe. A new solution we developed, Xerox Team Availability App, provides a real-time view of each
employee's work location, availability and compliance with the company's health and safety protocols.

Our path-forward plan has been a tremendous undertaking, but is one that is necessary to ensure we can
continue to safely conduct our business, support our partners and service our clients. No one can control
or accurately predict what will happen next in the pandemic. There is ongoing uncertainty about the
spread of the virus globally. Some places around the world that have previously not experienced outbreaks
or had improved dramatically are now seeing a rise in cases.

We have modeled numerous scenarios to ensure that we have flexibility, no matter how the pandemic
continues to impact global business. Given the uncertainty, it is difficult to predict the timing and pace of
the recovery and the full impact on our financial results this year. We are not providing financial guidance

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

for 2020 at this time. However, we expect we will continue to deliver positive free cash flow during the
second half of 2020.

We remain 100% committed to driving system-wide efficiencies throughout the company and investing
in new capabilities that allow us to capitalize on growing demands on technology, many hastened by the
sudden shift to remote work. This includes security, remote IT support, collaboration tools and other tools
that ensure employees are productive and can work securely no matter where they are.

Despite the overnight impact the pandemic had on most industries, our Q2 results demonstrate the
discipline we've instilled in the business over the last 2 years. Our 4 strategic initiatives remain at the core
of our approach: optimizing operations, drive revenue, reenergize the innovation engine and focus on cash
flow and increasing capital returns.

Project Own It has imparted a strong sense of ownership across the company as we streamline and
optimize the business. As a result, the company entered into this pandemic in a position of strength
and was able to nimbly balance cash expenditures with investments needed to position Xerox for future
growth. We remain on track to deliver at least another $450 million in gross savings this year, which will
bring the total of 3 years to at least $1.4 billion.

A key part of optimizing our business is investing in technologies that increase efficiency and
responsiveness to customers. One area where investments are accelerating is automation. Today, bots
are now performing more than 1.2 million transactions a quarter at Xerox, automating processes within
parts of the supply chain, remote solve, technical service and more. We are expanding adoption of this
technology throughout the company and beginning to provide similar support to clients.

Today, Xerox has flexibility at its core, allowing us to scale up and down depending on market realities. It
is the reason the business quickly respond to the pandemic, immediately instituting a cash preservation
plan in March, and it's the reason we are confident we can manage this business successfully throughout
any scenario presented.

We remain intensely focused on positioning the business for continued success in printing and future
success in related and entirely new areas. Today, there is a major debate happening around the role of the
office in the future. Will we all work remotely going forward? Will companies give up their offices for good?
We don't see that happening.

Many surveys, including a Xerox Future of Work Survey conducted in May, suggest most employees
will eventually return to their workplaces once it's safe. It also found companies have gotten more
comfortable with remote working than they were in the past, so we are likely to see more flexibility to
work from home. Increasingly, companies are articulating the drawbacks of working from home as long-
term solutions. While some are keeping people home in the short term for safety reasons, we believe
the office will continue to play a vital role for the years to come. It is the reason companies bring people
together on a regular basis to build culture and community, develop talent, drive faster decision-making
and deliver strong results. That said, ensuring security and enabling productivity will be key in a hybrid
work environment.

IT decision-makers included in our survey also said they are accelerating their digital transformations
and prioritizing investments in cloud-based software, remote IT support and workflow automation. This
is where the industry has been headed and where our focus has been in recent years. At the heart of the
Xerox ecosystem is the hardware, software and services that will help companies transition from largely
paper-based processes to digital ones that turn information into knowledge. We have seen some health
care clients, particularly hospitals, accelerate digitization projects to turn paper-based information into a
digital format that's easier for secure processing and follow-through.

One large hospital system in the U.K. needed to expedite implementing a solution that would provide
seamless delivery of critical patient communications while support staff worked remotely. A solution like
this integrates into our larger digital patient offering, allowing us to expand the work we do with health
care providers to address their immediate and future needs.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Other digital offerings, such as XMPie and DocuShare, are seeing stronger pickup as companies seek to
collaborate, digitize paper-based processes and rapidly share information with a dispersed workforce.
Revenue in these areas increased year-over-year, and they have expanding pipelines. We have a growing
pipeline for our virtual print management services, launched earlier this year. By allowing companies to
rapidly replace expensive legacy on-premises print servers with Xerox's secure cloud infrastructure, IT
organizations can save up to 1/3 of their typical print server cost.

IT services are now offered in the U.S., Canada and the U.K., and we are seeing that business grow.
Outside technical expertise is especially important to the SMB community as they seek to support remote
workforces, face growing security concerns and automate manual workflows to reduce costs.

Revenue in IT services has expanded this year, and we've built a strong backlog for the second half. While
the core printer business will continue to face pressure, the company's strong, diverse portfolio continues
to beat competitors in winning business by offering differentiated capabilities at all levels. In Q2, we saw
renewals improve from prior year, and equipment backlog increased from last quarter. Demand in federal
and health care remains strong with enterprise ESR growing in both.

Strong interest in the embellishment market where Xerox is a leader in helping clients produce higher-
value pieces at an affordable price remained. The recent introduction of the Adaptive CMYK Kit for the
Versant puts these capabilities within clients' reach for a reasonable price. 11 toners with 1 million
possibilities provide enormous differentiation potential for Xerox customers. This enhancement is now
available on 3 entry production devices.

In the workplace, we will continue to differentiate our multifunction printers with apps and solutions that
speed digital transformation and support workers in and out of the office. This quarter's launch of the
next-generation AltaLink is one example. Combined with ConnectKey apps, including connections to the
most popular cloud solutions, the AltaLink can help the businesses as they shift from physical to digital
enterprises. The world of A4s is shifting too, from a comm printer product to a work-from-home printer
that provides increased capability, security and ability to connect seamlessly to the office network.

Longer-term innovations remain focused on addressing some of business and society's biggest needs. In
the second quarter, our teams made progress across the innovation pillars with IoT predictive analytics,
AI-infused platform, cleantech and 3D printing, among other things.

The impact of COVID-19 has accelerated needs in many of these areas. For example, COVID-19 has
highlighted the risk of globally dispersed supply chains for many businesses with many experiencing
delays in getting parts and products during the crisis. Integrating a localized 3D printing solution can
improve supply chain resiliency, flexibility and responsiveness and can minimize the risk of disruption.
Xerox' liquid metal 3D printing solution will allow manufacturers to make production-grade parts using
off-the-shelf alloys without sacrificing quality, strength or safety standards. The team remains on track to
deliver its first product by year-end.

In IoT, we are engaging customers that are interested in our industrial asset health monitoring and
predictive maintenance solutions in continuous manufacturing and the critical infrastructure markets.
Our solutions allow companies to monitor their assets, plan their maintenance operations to reduce
planned and unplanned downtime, and increase operational safety and efficiency. We are testing solutions
internally now and expect to start external pilots with select customers by year-end.

In cleantech, the team working on our early-stage technology to improve the energy efficiency of air
conditioners, is on track to complete the prototype by the end of the year. Air conditioning is one of the
single-biggest causes of greenhouse gases, and advancing a potential solution is an example of how we
are reenergizing our innovation roots to create benefits for businesses and society.

The health care initiatives stood up during the quarter, specifically hand sanitizers and disposable
ventilators, are gaining traction. We plan to double production capacity for hand sanitizers in September
from our capacity today. While taking longer to obtain regulatory approval to sell to global markets, there
is a growing interest in disposable ventilators we are manufacturing, and external distributors have signed
up to sell these products globally.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

The team has consistently demonstrated its ability to manage cash well. It is an area of strength, and
it will remain so as we maintain a strong balance sheet and liquidity throughout the crisis. The cash
preservation plan put into effect in March allowed us to close the quarter with approximately $2.3 billion of
cash and cash equivalents and a $1.8 billion undrawn revolver.

This month, we financed $340 million of debt and approximately $740 million of debt maturing in the
balance of 2020 that we also expect to refinance. Core debt levels remains within an investment-grade
credit metric range. We remain committed to our shareholders return policy, including the current dividend
rate and plan to return at least 50% of annual free cash flow. There is $700 million of share repurchase
authority outstanding, and we currently plan to complete at least $300 million of share repurchases in the
second half.

I covered many of these frequently asked questions in my earlier comments, so I will quickly recap a few
key points. The company's strategic initiatives have prepared us as best as possible for this unprecedented
situation. No one had a pandemic baked into their outlook this year or any year. That said, the hard work
this team has done in recent years to transform Xerox proved instrumental in moving quickly to respond.
We have evaluated numerous recovery scenarios to ensure we are prepared for whatever happens next.

Today's Xerox is nimbler and more efficient. The sudden move to remote work revealed technology gaps
in many industries Xerox is well positioned to help address. We have the technology, the long-term
relationships and the trust to help clients speed their digital transformation from paper to digital, while
also powering up a flexible workforce. We remain focused on growing the business through a mix of
organic and inorganic investments using the same disciplined approach we have in the past.

Now I'd like to hand it over to Bill to cover our financial results in detail.

William F. Osbourn
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, John. As we stated during our Q1 earnings call, we assessed the impacts on our business
under numerous recovery scenarios, and we expected COVID-19 to have a significant impact on our
business in Q2 based upon the impact that we experienced from the 1 month of business closures in
the first quarter and the expectation that closures would continue through most of Q2. We saw signs of
recovery later in the quarter as parts of the U.S. and some countries in Europe began to lift lockdowns,
thereby, allowing businesses to reopen offices. And our current base case scenario reflects a slow, gradual
recovery in the second half of the year.

Our focus on cash and expense management has only intensified as we manage through the crisis. In
order to mitigate the impact on our revenue from the crisis, we implemented cost-reduction actions
focused on cash preservation beginning in mid-March. Through Project Own It, we have developed not
only a strong cost discipline, but also a more flexible cost structure that allows us to scale up or down
quickly to ensure the strength of our business, which enabled us to deliver positive earnings and free cash
flow in the second quarter.

The cash preservation actions in response to COVID-19 are aimed at discretionary items and are
incremental to the initiatives under our Project Own It program, and both programs are continuing. The
speed with which we are able to identify discretionary areas of cost that could be cut without impacting
our future, develop actions and execute on those actions is a testament to our team and the discipline
developed through Project Own It. Under our cash preservation program, we also identified opportunities
to use certain temporary government assistance programs to provide cost relief while enabling us to, thus
far, minimize financial impact on our employees.

Although our revenue declined approximately $800 million in the quarter compared to the same quarter in
2019, we were able to generate $15 million of free cash flow in the quarter and $165 million of free cash
flow in the first half of this unprecedented year. Importantly, our balance sheet remains strong, and we
have sufficient liquidity, including an undrawn $1.8 billion revolving credit facility that matures in August
of 2022 and approximately $2.3 billion of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the
quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Now looking at our financial results. Total revenue in the quarter declined 34.6% at constant currency.
The decline reflects sustained business closures during the quarter that delayed purchasing decisions and
installations of orders in hand as well as the impact of lower print volumes as people were not in the office
printing.

Turning to profitability. All the ratios and measures presented here were significantly impacted by the
decline in revenue resulting from the pandemic. Let me start with adjusted operating margin, which was
4.2% in Q2 or 820 basis points lower year-over-year. The impact of lower revenue was partially offset by
cost reductions from our Project Own It program and from the actions implemented to mitigate the impact
of COVID-19, including cost relief from temporary government assistance programs.

Gross margin of 38.5% decreased 60 basis points, which is primarily from lower revenue, in particular,
from lower post sale revenue, which carries higher margins as well as headwinds from price reductions
that are in line with prior quarters, transaction currency and tariffs. Benefits from Project Own It actions
and other incremental actions taken to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 partially offset the impact from
the decrease in revenue and other headwinds. SAG, as a percentage of revenue, increased 630 basis
points year-over-year, reflecting lower revenue, which was partially offset by productivity benefits from
Project Own It and savings from the incremental cost reduction actions we put in place.

Also, it is important to note that in the first quarter, we increased our bad debt provision by $61 million to
cover the potential impact to our customers from the pandemic. During the second quarter, we reviewed
our bad debt reserve and determined it to be sufficient and consistent with future expectations regarding
the impacts from the COVID-19 crisis. Therefore, no incremental reserves were required, and bad debt
expense for the second quarter of 2020 of $13 million was effectively flat as compared to the second
quarter of 2019. We will continue to monitor developments regarding this crisis in future periods to ensure
appropriate reserve levels.

Last, RD&E as a percent of revenue increased 130 basis points, reflecting the lower base of revenue.
RD&E expense declined $12 million year-over-year, partially due to cost reductions on older-generation
products, consolidation of core R&D activities in the prior year and the timing of investments. And as John
mentioned, we continue to make progress in our 5 innovation areas.

Below operating profit, other expenses net of $7 million was $31 million better than the prior year due
to lower nonservice retirement-related costs of $18 million and lower nonfinancing interest expense
of $8 million. The lower nonservice retirement-related costs were driven by lower losses from pension
settlements in the U.S. and lower nonfinancing interest expense as a result of lower average debt balance.

Our second quarter adjusted tax rate of 23.4% compared to 26.6% in the prior year. The lower tax rate
year-over-year is primarily due to the geographic mix of profits as well as the impact of discrete items on
lower pretax income.

Adjusted EPS of $0.15 was down $0.64 compared to the same quarter last year, driven by the impact
of COVID-19 on our operations, which more than offset the benefit from cost reductions, lower interest
expense, lower tax rate and lower shares. GAAP EPS of $0.11 per share was $0.49 lower year-over-year,
including the aforementioned $0.64 decline in adjusted EPS, partially offset by a net benefit in non-GAAP
adjusted items, primarily from lower restructuring and related costs, lower nonservice-related pension
expense and lower tax on these adjustments. Non-GAAP adjustments to EPS include restructuring-
related costs, the amortization of intangible assets, nonservice retirement-related costs and transaction
and related costs net as well as the income tax on those adjustments. In Q2, we recorded $3 million of
restructuring and related costs, which includes a $9 million reversal from prior-period estimates.

Moving to Slide 7, I'll discuss cash flow. In Q2, we generated $34 million of operating cash flow from
continuing operations, which was $242 million lower than prior year due to lower net income and a use
from cash from working capital that was partially offset by lower finance assets and lower cash taxes.
Working capital cash was $68 million worse than prior year due to increased use of cash from inventory
and accounts payable, which was partially offset by an increase in cash from accounts receivable.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Inventory reflects lower sales volumes and reduced purchases by indirect channel partners, who are
managing their inventory levels to protect liquidity during the crisis. And accounts payable reflects
decreased spending and the timing of payments to vendors while accounts receivables, primarily due to
lower revenue.

Restructuring payments of $17 million were in line with prior year. CapEx was $19 million in the quarter,
and free cash flow was $15 million. We expect CapEx will be in line with our prior year guidance for full
year 2020, supporting the programs to drive our strategic growth plan, including continued investments
in our IT infrastructure. There were no acquisitions in the quarter. However, we continue to assess our
pipeline of tuck-in acquisitions and strategic M&A. We spent $193 million in Q1 to expand our SMB
strategy internationally, and we expect full year spend for tuck-in M&A will be in line with prior guidance.

Within financing cash flows, we repaid a $313 million senior unsecured bond with cash in the quarter and
effectively refinanced this bond in July through a finance receivable securitization. We returned $57 million
in dividends to shareholders, and we did not repurchase shares in the quarter.

We managed capital conservatively this quarter, given the uncertainty of the pandemic and the expected
impact it would have on our business. We executed on our cost management initiatives and preserved our
cash, ending the quarter with $2.3 billion of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash.

Let's turn to Slide 8 for more detail on our revenue. Second quarter revenue declined 34.6% at constant
currency and reflects the impact of widespread business closures that extended through the quarter
and caused delayed customer purchasing decisions and lower print volumes. Geographically, we saw
larger revenue declines in Europe, where more of our sales are through indirect channel partners, who
are protecting their liquidity and managing their inventories in response to lower demand. In North
America, we have more sales through direct channels, and there is a higher percentage of large enterprise
customers, including government and health care customers, that continue to operate through the crisis.

Equipment sales revenue was down 38% in constant currency. While we saw improvement in North
America and Europe in June as countries and certain offices began to reopen, we are cautious in projecting
a trend based upon June, given the recent outbreaks of the virus in certain parts of the U.S. and
developing markets, although we do expect performance to improve gradually in the second half.

In the U.S., our large enterprise business continued to see growth in sales to federal government and
health care customers, who have been operational through this crisis. Also, as we mentioned last quarter,
we were unable to install approximately $100 million of purchased orders as a result of business closures
in March. Approximately 40% of those orders were installed in the second quarter, and we expect to install
another 45% in the second half of this year with the remainder either canceled or delayed beyond 2020.

Looking at product categories. Mid-range was most impacted by office closures, as this category of
products is mostly used in offices and shared workplaces. Mid-range sales decreased in indirect channels,
which, as I mentioned, impacts Europe more than North America. However, the U.S. was also down
significantly, reflecting delays in purchasing decisions.

In the high end, we had good activity in black and white production supporting transactional printing
applications, where production color sales were down, reflecting primarily lower sales of our Versant entry-
production color system and Iridesse production press due to the impact of the crisis on our distribution
channels and lower demand caused by the pandemic.

Next, revenue from entry products, both black and white and color, was down, reflecting the impact on
our indirect channel partners and continued lockdowns in Latin America. The decline was partially offset by
higher sales in the low end of the portfolio, which supports work-from-home offerings.

Post sale revenue declined 33.6% in constant currency. Our post sale revenue is largely contractual,
and our contracts generally include a fixed minimum charge as well as a variable component for service
and supplies that is based upon print volume. Historically, on average, the variable component is
approximately 50% of our contractual revenue stream.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

The widespread business closures due to the pandemic had a significant impact on page volumes, which is
evident in the decline in our post sale revenue this quarter. We saw the greatest impact in April and May
and moderation in the rate of decline of pages from contractual agreements in June. Unbundled supplies,
paper and other sales, which are largely sold through our indirect channels, also decreased approximately
50% in the quarter, reflecting lower demand caused by the crisis, which is driving channel partners to
reduce their inventory purchases also in order to protect cash.

Xerox Services revenue declined approximately 28% year-over-year in constant currency with new
business signings down due to delays in customer purchasing decisions. We had growth in services
renewals in the quarter, which is the second consecutive quarter of higher renewals, although the rate of
increase was lower in the second quarter as we experienced customers delaying renewal decisions and
extending existing contracts, citing the uncertainty of the environment. We have a building pipeline, which
gives us confidence that our business will continue to improve as the economy rebounds.

Last, our investments in IT services, software and digital services are gaining traction. The expansion
of IT services within XBS channel in the U.S. and through recent acquisitions in Canada and the U.K.,
contributed to increased sales in the second quarter compared to the first quarter, even with restrictions to
enter some of our customers' locations. These offerings, which also support a flexible work environment,
are resonating with customers, and our IT services pipeline is growing.

Next, turn to Slide 9 and our profit and earnings. Adjusted operating margin was 4.2% in the quarter,
which was 50 basis points lower than the first quarter. We expected the pandemic to have a sizable
impact on our business in Q2. And in March, we quickly began to implement actions to manage costs
and preserve cash, focusing on discretionary spend. As I mentioned, these actions are incremental to
the planned actions under our Project Own IT transformation program and, among other areas, targeted
marketing expense and reducing the use of contract employees across the organization.

In addition, we used certain temporary government programs in the U.S., Canada and Europe to provide
cost relief without further use of cash while minimizing the impact on our employees. We are continuing
actions to reduce costs and preserve cash through the second half.

We were able to act quickly in response to the pandemic as a result of the progress on our Project Own
It transformation program. Through this program, we have developed a disciplined approach to cost
management and a more flexible cost structure. Project Own It initiatives are continuing, and the program
is on track to deliver at least $450 million in gross cost savings this year. Adjusted EPS of $0.15 declined
$0.64 year-over-year and as discussed earlier, reflects the impact of COVID-19 in our operations, which
offset the benefits from cost reductions, lower interest expense, lower tax and lower shares.

Moving on to Slide 10 and a review of our capital structure. We ended the quarter with $4 billion of debt,
of which $3 billion supports customer financing activities. And therefore, we break down our debt between
financing debt and core debt.

Financing debt is allocated by applying a 7:1 leverage to our finance receivables and equipment under
operating lease, which together comprise our total finance assets. Core debt was approximately $1 billion,
and we ended the quarter with approximately $2.3 billion of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash,
which puts us in a net cash position of approximately $1.3 billion when netting cash against core debt.

In May, we repaid a $313 million senior unsecured bond with cash, which is why our debt is approximately
$300 million lower than year-end. However, in July, we effectively refinanced the May bond with a $340
million finance receivable securitization. This was an attractive transaction that provides match funding for
a portfolio of U.S. finance receivables.

For the balance of 2020, we have approximately $740 million of bonds maturing, which we plan to
refinance. Our liquidity position remains strong with approximately $2.3 billion of cash, cash equivalents
and restricted cash, and a $1.8 billion bank revolver, which is fully available to us.

Our pension funded status is updated annually. And as of December 31, 2019, our net unfunded pension
liability was $1.2 billion, which included approximately $815 million of unfunded pension liabilities for
plans that by design are not funded.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

In 2019, we contributed $141 million to worldwide pension plans and expect 2020 contributions will be in
line with prior guidance.

Last, turn to Slide 11 for some thoughts on the balance of 2020. For the second half, under our current
base case scenario, we are expecting a slow, gradual recovery. Our outlook considers the continuing
impact from the virus, particularly in certain areas of the U.S. and in developing markets, and the
current pace of business reopenings and capacity limitations within offices and other shared workplaces.
Accordingly, we do not anticipate a recovery in our revenues to pre-COVID-19 levels this year, although it
is expected that we will continue to deliver positive free cash flow in the second half of 2020.

While we are planning for a gradual recovery in the second half, we have evaluated our business under
numerous scenarios to be ready to manage through a more elongated recovery, if required. As we
demonstrated in the second quarter, we are resilient and we are prepared to execute on additional levers
to manage through longer recovery scenarios.

Given what we know today, it is difficult to predict the timing of recovery and the full impact on our
financial results this year. Therefore, as John advised, we are not providing financial guidance for 2020
at this time. On capital allocation, we remain committed to our dividend and our policy of returning at
least 50% of free cash flow to shareholders, and we plan to repurchase at least $300 million of our shares
during the second half of this year. We have a strong balance sheet and liquidity, which supports our
dividend policy and the resumption of our share repurchases in the second half.

I will now turn it back to John before going to Q&A.

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Bill. Now let's open the line for questions.

Ann Pettrone
Director of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations Officer
Thanks, John. Before we get to the Q&A with John and Bill, I will point out that we have in the appendix to
our materials additional supplemental reconciliations and posted on our Xerox Investor Relations website a
full set of earnings materials. Operator, please open the line for questions now.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital.

Ananda Prosad Baruah
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

And congratulations guys on solid execution in a really tough environment. Yes, just a few for me, if I
could. So you're talking about sort of gradual improvement through the balance of the year. Do you feel
as if we've sort of -- like June quarter is then sort of the new sort of bottom in the revenue stream? And
I really would like to get a sense of if you think that we can consider this to be kind of like the baseline
business. And then I have a couple of quick follow-ups after that. Appreciate it.

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

Look, our base scenario is for a slow, gradual recovery. And -- but we're modeling numerous scenarios so
that we have the flexibility no matter how this pandemic continues to impact us.

Ananda Prosad Baruah
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

And John and Bill as well, you made a handful of remarks sort of with regards to CapEx and some of the
initiatives around model optimization. Should we think of this as being sort of the core cost structure going
forward? I'm familiar with the owners' initiatives and that sort of thing. And I guess really, what I'm asking
is it sounds like -- well, could you guys do something more significant from a cost structure perspective?
Or is it more going to be along the lines of what you've been doing over the last couple of years?

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

Yes. Ananda, I would say that again, we're modeling, and we have additional levers to rightsize our
expense structure, if necessary, that are more long term, but we'll consider it as required.

William F. Osbourn
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I guess I'd only add is that, as we said in the prepared comments, Project Own It has given us the
discipline to be able to be flexible with respect to our costs to rightsize them. I think we showed in Q2 with
an $800 million revenue hit, being able to adjust our cost structure in a relatively short period of time to
mitigate at least a portion of that to generate positive free cash flow and adjusted EPS during the quarter.

And scenarios going forward, as John said, we're modeling those, and we believe that we have levers to be
able to adjust and rightsize as appropriate.

Ananda Prosad Baruah
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

And then the last one for me is free cash flow question. So you gave us some metrics around share
buyback, and we can back into what the dividend is for the year. And then you also made mention of still
targeting your original tuck-in M&A target. So that would seem to suggest that would be -- well, here's
really my question. Should we assume that you're going to use free cash flow for all of those? And if so, I
guess we can take that as being your minimum free cash flow expectation for the full year.

William F. Osbourn
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Yes. I guess the way I'd look at it is, year-to-date, $165 million of free cash flow, including positive $15
million in a very difficult second quarter. And we've said the second half of the year that we anticipate
having positive free cash flow and being able to generate that in the second half.

And so that $165 million plus essentially is what we're looking at for the full year. And our guidance that
we did -- CapEx, we said in line with prior, which was approximately $100 million pension, $135 million or
so was our prior guidance. And the M&A is mainly the tuck-in type M&A. We did $190 million or so in Q1
of tuck-in SMB types in the U.K. and Canada. And we gave guidance last quarter of $200 million to $300
million, but that just depends if the right deals are there. But just to go back and reemphasize what we
said in our prepared comments is that very fortunate, we have a very strong balance sheet as a company
overall to $2.3 billion in cash and cash equivalents on hand and the undrawn $1.8 billion revolver that
gives us flexibility.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matt Cabral with Crédit Suisse.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

You guys talked about trends improving through June. Wonder if you could spend a little bit more on what
that looked like and just broadly linearity through the quarter? And also, if you could just comment on, if
you've seen that momentum continue so far through July.

William F. Osbourn
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So as I said in the prepared comments, April and May, were clearly the most difficult months of
the quarter. We saw some improvement in the revenues in the June time frame as businesses began to
reopen. At this point, we're predicting a slow, gradual recovery the rest of the year, but not confident
enough to give the exact percentages or what that looks like.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. And then, John, you touched on this briefly in your prepared remarks. But I'm wondering if you
could spend a little bit more on just what COVID means for the business longer term, both in terms of the
steady-state outlook for office printing, even once the health crisis is behind us and in the rearview mirror.
And more broadly, how we should think about that impacting Xerox' operating model?

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

Yes, yes, Matt. Look, if you think of what companies are doing, they're accelerating their digital
transformation, they're prioritizing investments. But what's important to them is they're focused on cloud-
based software, remote it support, workflow automation in a secure manner.

And as we've seen over the last few years, we've been investing in these areas. So if you think of our
ITS services that we now have ITS services available in the U.K., in Canada and in the U.S., our technical
expertise, it's important to the SMB community because as they have workforces and workflows, we -- it's
a growing concern for them, especially in security on how do they automate their workflows.

If you think of our software, whether it's DocuShare, where we enable collaboration, we've been investing
in DocuShare and also DocuShare in the cloud. Hardware, even though folks will be working from home,
what we're realizing is it's not just a printer, it's got to be secure. There are companies today that are
putting -- companies I've spoken to today that they're putting edicts, you can't print from home. If there's
-- if it's not on a secure network, it's not part of a whole secure workflow, you're unable to print from
work. So how do we start connecting seamlessly to the office? And that's what we've been investing in.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

And our cloud for workplace, so we just announced -- not announced. We have the virtual print
applications. And it allows us our clients to print anywhere, any time, in a secure manner. So we've been
investing in these areas, and that's where we see it going.

But we don't -- we also -- and I want to reiterate this. We don't believe that no one's returning back to the
office. We believe that a lot of employees will be returning back to the office, and it's for all the reasons:
productivity is one of them, security is another one, education, and you can go on and on. But more
importantly, we believe everyone will be working, going back to the office once it's considered safe. And
that's where we've been spending a lot of time even with our organization with our path forward to assure
that as we get our employees back to the office, it's done in a safe and consistent manner.

Operator

Our next question comes from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Just a couple for me. My first one is with regard to the high-speed monochrome installs, which were
actually strong during the quarter. And just in general, I'm curious what you're seeing in sort of the high
end. Is this -- China coming back? So you -- actually, I don't know if you sell any through Fuji there. But
clearly, the iGen through Fuji, is there anything there? I'm just curious as to how that market is doing, and
then I have a follow-up.

William F. Osbourn
Executive VP & CFO

Shannon, it's Bill. Yes, as you point out, on the high end, mono, we did grow year-over-year, primarily
related to transactional-type printers, financial institutions for statements, et cetera. And our Nuvera did
well in the high end, black and white.

On the color side, it was challenged. Delayed decisions, clearly, as people are preserving their cash during
the pandemic, and it impacted, in particular, our mid- and high-end sales. But we do believe that those
will recover once the -- past the pandemic.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Okay. And then the A4 business also was pretty strong in black and white. Was that effectively your ability
to sell A4 into people who are now working from home? Or was there something else there?

William F. Osbourn
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think I had a prepared -- one of my prepared comments. But on the lower end of the A4s in the
black and white does serve work-from-home purpose, and that did help mitigate some of the declines in --
or the declines in the mid and higher end of the entry segment.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Okay. And then just my last question. In the release, and I think you mentioned it during your comments,
I think you got about $60 million from government programs during the quarter. I'm curious how much of
that is recurring. How we should think about it just as -- and I know there are new plans and stimulus and
who knows. But just when you're thinking about your forecasting and budgeting for the remainder of the
year, are you incorporating anything in there?

William F. Osbourn
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

So yes. I mean, those programs are from around the world, European countries. Obviously, U.S. CARES
Act, Canada, et cetera. And those each have varying time lines of when they're incented. But we factored
into our scenarios, even without the extension of those, we believe that we'll be able to generate positive
free cash flow in the second half of the year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Paul Coster of JPMorgan.

Paul Coster
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I just want to follow up on the cash flow situation. It sounds like -- well, first of all, you're not reinstituting
guidance, but you are reactivating the share buyback. So it suggests to me that though there's a lot of
uncertainty out there, it's a lot less than a quarter ago when you suspended the share buyback. Can you
just comment upon that? I mean are we starting to attenuate the uncertainty? And do you think we'll be
reinstituting guidance by year-end?

William F. Osbourn
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. We -- as we said in our comments, we manage our cash conservatively during the second quarter
as we're evaluating the impact of the pandemic on the company. We implemented the incremental cost
actions over and above Project Own It. And by the end of the quarter, we got comfortable enough with
what we're doing from a cash perspective to be able to state that we expect positive free cash flow in the
second half, in addition to the $165 million of free cash flow year-to-date.

Based upon all of that, we are comfortable enough in instituting -- reinstituting our share buyback and at
least $300 million during the second half of the year.

Paul Coster
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then, John, I wonder if you could just give us a little bit of color around sort of -- maybe
anecdotal color around the conversation with enterprise customers. Because it just seems so complicated
at the moment. You've got all of these digitization processes playing out, which work against you in
some ways and yet favor some of your new businesses. And the occupancy rate is going to improve, but
maybe not to where we were, and you've also got enterprise IT budgets probably down 5% year-on-
year anyway. How are they talking to you? What happens at the end of contracts? Are they sort of just
delaying? Perhaps give us some color around a couple of conversations you've had.

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

Yes, Paul, the one -- and it's exactly what you just said, all of the above. So the conversations are, we're
looking to get our employees back. It's going to be in a safe manner, and it will take time. And as we take
time, we need to get them as productive as possible in a secure manner, and what are some of the levers
that you can help us with in these situations. And that's why we're focused on our Workplace Cloud, our
software, ITS services.

Every CEO I've spoken to -- and it's not just the CEO. I don't think anyone believes we're not going back
to the office. It's really at what rate and pace. And that's why we even modeled our own gradual recovery,
and we're modeling numerous scenarios because we need to have the flexibility no matter what happens
going forward.

But if I look at our businesses and our ITS, our software and cloud workplace, while they're not large
businesses for us, they've all grown during this pandemic. And that gives us even more reason to put
more wood behind it and focus on that with our clients.

Paul Coster

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

But is the purchasing delaying? Or are you -- I'm just wondering how much conviction you're seeing. Yes.

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

Yes. No, I would say that a lot of the purchasing, it's either delaying or not open. We -- there's not
much that we can say it's been, we're not doing it. We haven't had that many. And in fact, we had --
we continue to get quite a few competitive wins as well and large wins and renewals. And what they're
focused on, in some cases, is just when, not if, but when. So we're not at the stage yet. I'm not seeing
enough of where the clients are just canceling CapEx.

William F. Osbourn
Executive VP & CFO

Well, we believe it's more on the delay, and we actually still see strong pipeline in the services area in both
the Americas and in EMEA. We have double-digit growth in our pipeline in those areas, which sort of points
to also not cancellation, but just more delays in decision-making.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jim Suva with Citigroup.

Jim Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Bill and John, you guys both talked a little bit about the innovations you're coming out with, whether it
be liquid metal printing, hand sanitizers, ventilators and something like that, which is very encouraging.
Is the goal eventually to have that just be kind of part of Xerox' core recurring normal business? Or I
know -- I think it was about 6 months ago, you legally changed some of the reporting -- not reporting, the
legal entity structure. Does that make it so you're kind of looking at, at some point, then monetizing that
through like divestitures or stand-alone businesses? Or how should we think about that? Because it seems
like you're actually positively bringing out some pretty innovative stuff out of research, PARC.

William F. Osbourn
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Jim, it's Bill. A couple of things. The holdco is -- when we put that in place about a year or so ago, it
clearly does give us flexibility to do things like you talked about, put things in a separate legal entity under
the holdco, potentially spin it off, partially sell, et cetera. But no specific plans at this time with respect to
any of our innovations.

But you brought up the health care, things that we're doing in the hand sanitizer area and in the
disposable ventilators. The hand sanitizer has gone very well for us. In fact, we're going to be doubling
production here, starting in the second half, and it is a good business. We feel like we're doing good as
part of being in that business, and it's profitable for us. And on the ventilator side, we're starting to see
more interest. We're getting partners and distributors qualified to be able to sell those ventilators, and
we're optimistic on that also.

As far as the long-term in the health care, really, we're taking it just really quarter-to-quarter and seeing if
it makes sense. We're doing our part, we believe, of doing a good thing here in being in those businesses.
Whether it's long term is still to be decided.

Jim Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. And then as a quick follow-up, on the air conditioner side, is that something that you would like
to be licensing, like some intellectual property and trademark and patents on it? Or is it you would like
subcontract it out or actually build it? Or how should we think about that as it eventually starts to gain
some pretty positive reviews given the energy efficiencies and environmental friendliness?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

Yes, Jim, I would say everything is on the table. When we talked about all our innovation even 2 years
ago, we talked about looking at what we would do with it and what would be best to monetize it for Xerox
and cleantech. So we're at the early stage. And now we're focused really on completing a prototype by the
end of the year, and we'll be focused on all the scenarios going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Given the accelerating shift from paper to digital-based processes, can you talk a bit about what
percentage of your revenue today comes from digital products and services? And then as you look to
increase that mix over time, do you see it more coming from growing the existing offerings or more so
looking to launch or acquire more digital services to increase that mix?

William F. Osbourn
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. The digital services and offerings, including the IT services, we haven't quantified those numbers
exactly. They are both growing even during this quarter. They grew -- the IT services grew from Q1 to
Q2. The digital services grew year-over-year. So even in a very challenged environment, those folks are
growing at the appropriate time. In sizing, we'll start quantifying that. But as far as organically, they're
growing.

And we also would look at potential M&A in those areas as we did in Q1, some of the tuck-in M&As in the
U.K. and in Canada. Both did IT services already, and we rolled out IT services to our whole XPS portfolio
of companies earlier this year. So organically and M&A, we'll be involved in that. And at the appropriate
time, we'll start breaking out and quantifying the exact amounts. But they are a growing piece.

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

And Katy, we'll continue to be opportunistic on M&A. And we're going to follow our disciplined approach,
IRR, ROIC and all others as we look at possibilities. That hasn't changed.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And then as a follow-up on cash flow. Bill, you mentioned that payables and inventory were a use of cash.
What actions can you take? And how quickly do you think that reverses in the back half in order to get
more cash from working capital?

William F. Osbourn
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Inventory, we clearly see where it was a use here in Q2, that we'll be managing down those inventory
levels during the second half. That normally is the case with the company as we get towards the end of
the year. But even more so this year, we expect inventory to be more of a source. Payables really was
used as a sort -- was a use because we just were doing less overall purchases. More than anything, we
expect that to be also less of a use in the second half.

Operator

And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn
the call over to John for any closing remarks.

Giovanni G. Visentin
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Vice Chairman & CEO

Thank you, and thank you for your time today. Now this year has challenged us, and it's only half over.
It challenged assumptions about our business and those of many of our clients. And while there remain
questions about the near-term future, we're confident in our strategy, and we're positioned well to come
out of this even stronger.

Today's Xerox is better able to serve our clients and deliver modern workplace experience for both the
employers and employees. Be safe and be well. Thank you again.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

