Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. NYSE:ZBH
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, August 04, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

EPS 
Normalized 

(0.63)

0.05

NM

0.92

4.05

7.63

-

Revenue  (mm)

922.18

1226.10

32.96

1551.31

6371.42

7949.70

7982.20

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-03-2020 4:03 AM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.75

2.27

1.47

(0.63)

1.77

2.30

1.70

0.05

1.14 %

1.32 %

15.65 %

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Bryan C. Hanson
President, CEO & Director

Keri P. Mattox
Senior VP of Investor Relations &
Chief Communications Officer

Suketu P. Upadhyay
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Matthew Oliver O'Brien
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Philip Chickering
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Zimmer Biomet Second Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, August 4,
2020. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to Keri Mattox, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and
Chief Communications Officer. Please go ahead.

Keri P. Mattox
Senior VP of Investor Relations & Chief Communications Officer

Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. I hope you are all well and safe. Welcome to Zimmer
Biomet's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me virtually today are Bryan Hanson, our
President and CEO; and CFO, Suky Upadhyay.

Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that our comments during this call will include forward-
looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking
statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Please note, we assume no obligation to update
these forward-looking statements even if actual results or future expectations change materially. Please
refer to our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties in addition to the inherent
limitations of such forward-looking statements.

Additionally, the discussions on this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of
these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is included within the earnings
release found on our website at zimmerbiomet.com.

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Bryan. Bryan?

Bryan C. Hanson
President, CEO & Director

Great. Thanks, Keri. And before we get started, I just want to say that I certainly hope that you're safe,
your families are healthy and that you're doing everything you can to manage through this very unusual
situation that we find ourselves in. Speaking of that, once again, we find ourselves in an earnings call
where we're in different places. We're not all together. And my guess is we may have some mishaps
potentially anyway when we hand off to each other. So I'm just going to apologize ahead of time for any
mishaps that we see through the handoffs here and potential of any background noise we might get.

Obviously, this is an unprecedented time for all of us, a very challenging time as we deal with the
pandemic here in the U.S. and around the globe. And we -- as a result of that, I want to talk about the
virus today, we want to talk about how we're managing through it, we want to talk about how we're
modeling its potential impact, but we really also want to make sure that we spend some time on our
underlying strength of the business that we have and our plans for long-term growth.

And along those lines, I'm really going to try to center the conversation around 3 main topics: the first
one is obviously, our execution and the financial results in Q2, but really spend time in Q2 on the strength
of the underlying business and why we're feeling confident in the things that we can control; the second
thing would be around our broader modeling and our assumptions on a go-forward basis associated with
the pandemic. It may not be associating as you want there, but we're certainly going to give you the
best that we can on how we're looking at it; and then the final piece will be just on our long-term plan
for growth. What are the things we're going to be focusing on to be able to get sustained growth in the
future.

So first, let's talk about the second quarter. And I want to begin with saying that safety, as I said last
quarter, continues to be our top priority: safety of our team members, our customers, our patients, the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

communities that we serve, and we continue to execute on that comprehensive global pandemic plan that
we did develop last year, believe it or not. As I said before, we actually developed that plan before this
all happened. And we've been putting that into action at the very earliest stages of COVID-19. And as a
result of that plan and our additional safety protocols, we've definitely seen changes to how we work and
have learned a lot about how we can more efficiently collaborate across the globe. Significant changes
associated with that.

But importantly, these safety-related protocols have not, they have not caused disruptions in our supply
chain, in our ability to meet our customer demand and in our ability to serve those patients who rely on
our technology and our products to improve the quality of their life. And I'd say I'm really proud of how
seriously the entire ZB team has taken our collective safety. And I want to thank each and every one of
our team members, especially our manufacturing and commercial teams who have just gone above and
beyond during this entire time during a very challenging time. I just can't thank you enough.

So in terms of our Q2 execution and performance, I'm going to cover some broad takeaways. And then
I really want Suky, after I finished, to get into more specific detail, maybe more than what we would
typically get into just given the current circumstances. So first, the recovery that we've seen to date and
really specifically in Q2 is encouraging. It's early, but so far, it's been better than we expected. Based on
what we are seeing and really just experiencing in the recovery, there's real reason for optimism. But
given the number of unknowns related to COVID, I would say it's more prudent to be cautiously optimistic
right now. You're going to hear that theme throughout the discussion today.

We're watching closely and continuing to see rising patient demand, which is key, right? We've got to see
that patient demand. And that's resulting obviously in increased procedure volumes. And very importantly,
we're also seeing that majority of surgeons and hospitals are ramping up capacity to support that demand.
That's a pretty big variable associated with whether or not you can get that backlog patient and the new
patient coming in.

And so as a result of this, our Q2 performance was better than we expected across all of our regions.
And in particular, we saw strength in the U.S. And I got to say, the U.S. recovery performance is really
encouraging to me as this is momentum that we're seeing despite the resurgence of the virus in many of
our states. Importantly, this trend is continuing into July even in some of the states that the rising COVID
numbers like Florida, Texas and Arizona. So again, even though we're seeing the resurgence of the virus,
we still are pretty bullish on what we're seeing in the U.S. so far.

Clearly, and for good reason, everyone is going to focus on the impact of COVID in the quarter and
probably even more importantly, its forward-looking impact on our business. And we're absolutely going to
talk about that in a minute. But the last thing I want to discuss for Q2 centers more around the things we
can actually directly control even during the pandemic and the activities that ultimately will drive durable
growth and strength in our business.

So through the pandemic, I can tell you that we have remained maniacally focused on executing against
our growth drivers. And that focus is delivering results, and we saw those in the second quarter. So I'm
going to just start with what I know everyone wants to hear about: is our progress with ROSA. Obviously,
robotics plays an important part of our strategy on a go-forward basis. And importantly, we continue to
see very strong demand for ROSA even through the pandemic. And also importantly, we're getting very
good feedback from surgeons that are using the system.

And while I can tell you that I'm not going to provide the level of detail I'm about to give you probably
ever again, I do want to give you some additional insights into where we are with ROSA and the launch
just given the fact that it's being hidden right now with all the clouds, I guess, associated with the COVID
impact on our business. So I'm just going to say, so we're now about a year away from the full launch of
our business. About a year into that launch. And we now have about 150 ROSA Knee Systems out in the
globe. And the good news is we're seeing with those units, very strong utilization per unit.

Now some of those are newly placed, so you're not seeing the same volume yet, but when a system has
been out there for a while, we're getting very good utilization per unit. And if I just kind of add it up and
I look at the current procedural volumes that we're seeing, we're really on pace to be doing about 3,000-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

plus cases per quarter. And just to put that into context relative to growth, that's more than double the
procedural volumes that we would have seen in the fourth quarter of 2019. And by the way, that's inside
of the pressure on elective procedures that we're seeing as a result of the pandemic.

In addition to that, we've got a number of accounts in our active pipeline. A whole bunch of accounts in
the active pipeline. Some of those will fall out, but based on the volume of accounts in that pipeline, we'll
be very disappointed if we don't have between 200 and 300 ROSA systems out in the market by the end
of this year. So I would just say for ROSA, we continue to see very strong momentum. And remain on
track -- actually slightly ahead of our expectations for both system placements and procedures even with
the pressure of COVID in this environment. So good news, obviously, on the ROSA front.

Another great example of strong innovation in commercial prowess is the Persona Revision story that
we're seeing play out and saw play out in the second quarter. Our launch of the Revision System is well
ahead of plan, believe it or not, in receiving very positive remarks from current Persona users, which is
important. But even more importantly, we're seeing very positive remarks from competitive surgeons,
which is where we want to make sure that we're focusing. And some of the key areas of feedback are
really a lot of excitement around the ease of use of the system. Significant excitement around precision
and the intuitive nature of the instruments that we have, which is important in this procedure. And also
the ability to provide all the benefits of a more personalized fit for the patient that Persona brings to the
table and do this in a Revision System, which again, is unique in the marketplace.

So just for perspective, the Persona Revision surpassed our expectations in Q2 and delivered the most
successful quarter-to-date since launch. Just kind of repeat that. It's the most successful quarter-to-date
since launched in Q2, which is the quarter that's been most impacted by the pandemic. The demand is still
very robust even outside of that. We already have doubled the instrument sets originally anticipated for
the launch to support that demand. And again, for context, this product is on a trajectory to reach close to
$100 million in revenue during 2020. Now some of that's going to be cannibalized, as we see cannibalized
revenue. And I would expect the cannibalization rate to be about 60%, 6-0 percent. So again, on track
to do $100 million, we're very close to it in 2020 and I would expect about 60% cannibalization of that
revenue.

And we also have continued our focus on driving our dedicated commercial team for extremities, as
I've talked about quite a bit. And we've been very pleased that our Signature ONE Planner shoulder
system continues to gain traction again even in Q2. Now the surge in registrations, just to give you some
perspective, for Signature ONE increased nearly 60% on in Q2 sequentially over Q1. And our recent
FDA clearance also enables even greater integration of that system with our family of implants and
[ guidance. ] And so that's going to open up even more opportunities.

We've also increased the portability of the system. We really try to make a more open architecture so that
you can use it on your computer. But you can also put it on an iPad or an iPhone so that if you're walking
in and out of the surgery, out the operating room, you can still use the system, create that portability
which surgeons wanted. So we're excited, again, about our shoulder franchise and the impact that this
system will have on our success there.

And then finally, mymobility. Our partnership with Apple continues to be a prime example of how
research and development investment in tech innovation are going to drive the next wave of telemedicine
advances. And we truly believe will change the patient and surgeon experience in our space. And with
mymobility, what we're really focusing on is ensuring that we have that patient-physician communication
link that's even better than it was before, but allowing this to happen more virtually. The system also
helps improve adherence to the pre and post-patient requirements. Because that information is pushed to
the patient when they need to actually do something. And very importantly, it's advancing the collection
and the analysis of patient-specific data points that ultimately can help the care team make the best and
most personalized care decisions for that patient.

In June, we announced with Apple, a new application. It's going to be able to provide now gate-quality
functionality within mymobility. And that will happen this fall. And that's a pretty exciting development.
And a big step forward, no pun intended in this remote data collection journey. Again, with the idea of
collecting data that is personalized to the patient and ultimately, as a result of having that, provide better

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

care decisions. So the mymobility functionality in today's COVID environment is especially interesting
because it does allow for the significant demand that we're seeing right now for allowing effective and
engaged remote and virtual patient care. So we're excited clearly about mymobility, we were before the
pandemic, but certainly, this is giving us some additional steam in the marketplace.

So moving to the second key area of focus for the earnings call. I want to talk about COVID-19 and our
modeling assumptions for the rest of this year. And we're encouraged by what we saw in Q2 and are
confident in our ability to continue to execute. But we understand, and I think probably everybody does,
the near-term uncertainty that COVID-19 brings. Our thinking regarding COVID is obviously changing, it's
evolving, it's sharpening as we experience more of its actual impact on our procedures. And over time,
we're also seeing the impact on various markets and submarkets.

And so I'd like to think about it, just based on that knowledge that we're getting, we can refine our
thinking here and explain it really by talking about 3 major variables that I think we've got to pay
attention to. One of those variables would be a tailwind for us created by the pandemic and then two
would be headwinds that we've got to pay attention to: so the first, when we talk about the tailwind,
would just be the backlog of deferred patients that we have built. These are both the initial deferred
procedures that we saw in the beginning and the building backlog that's continuing to happen.

From a headwind standpoint, I really look at it two ways: one would be around those patient-specific
factors: patient fear or unemployment, for instance; and then the second one would be around the
recurrence of the virus. And I would think about that in 2 ways: the recurrence having an impact on actual
bed capacity; and the recurrence having impact on policy decisions that could directly impact elective
procedures. Okay. So that's kind of the variables that I think about in determining where we think this is
going to go. And relative to the backlog, I think it's really important to note that the approximate value
of this backlog, just for ZB, just for this company, is already worth about $700 million to $800 million in
revenue. Okay, that's the approximate value of the backlog already created is worth about $700 million to
$800 million in revenue -- future revenue. And this value continues to grow. I mean the fact is it continues
to grow and will continue to grow until the market returns to normal market growth rates. Okay, relative
to the headwinds.

Given that we are currently seeing play out, I would say that patient fear and virus recurrence impacting
specifically bed capacity are the two most significant threats, while I would say that policy decisions
and unemployment concerns will be less material if at least based on the way that we're seeing policy
decisions roll out right now.

So the key takeaway. And I just give you a lot of information on these variables that I'm paying attention
to. If the variables that I've really just described continue to play out as they are today, we would expect
that sequential improvement seen in Q2 would continue through the back half of 2020 but likely at a
more modest pace in Q3 and Q4. Correct? So just to repeat that. If the variables that I just described,
continue to play out just as they are today. It's just what we're seeing today, we would absolutely expect
the sequential improvement that we saw in Q2 to continue in the back half, but it would be at a more
modest pace.

And another important aspect of this equation, I think sometimes this is lost so it's an important thing to
bring up, is that the 2 most significant headwinds become not on variables, once a vaccine is available.
And the vast majority of those patients that didn't get treatment for either of these reasons become a
tailwind eventually for our business, remembering that this is a progressive disease. And as a result of the
progressive nature of that disease, the vast majority of these deferred patients will eventually reenter the
procedural funnel and become a tailwind for us.

Finally, I'd like to also spend a portion of my time today talking about the third category, which is our
long-term plan for growth. But they're not all going to be invested in or managed the same. We have
prioritized the high-growth and most strategically relevant areas of our business, and we're going to make
very disciplined investments, there to continue to drive innovation. Innovation centered around proven
patient outcomes and also providing for procedure efficiencies.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

And to drive our strategic pillar of top-quartile performance in TSR, we have to focus most intensely on
driving long-term growth in these key areas: number one, and I said this before, but number one, we
must achieve above-market growth in knees. And just given the size and scale of this business for us, we
need to be ahead of market here. And we're going to do that by focusing more aggressively in the fastest-
growth submarkets of knee: robotics, data and informatics, revision, like I've just talked about; next,
we need to see and drive consistent at-market actually at the higher end of the market range for S.E.T.
We need to see that happen for our business. And we're going to do that, again, by focusing more of our
attention in those most attractive subelements of S.E.T. Also, we need to consistently deliver at market
performance at hips in the short term, that's all I'm asking for is at-market performance in the short term,
but transitioning to above-market growth with our future robotics launch in this space.

And then finally, while our other businesses, at least at this point, will not receive the same level of
investment, and they will be managed differently, we still would expect that these businesses would drive
in-line, maybe to the lower end of market growth, for these areas. Okay. So that's the way we think about
our businesses and the way that we're going to invest in them. And by focusing on these markets, just
as I've described, we believe that over time, our pursuit of consistent and sustainable mid-single-digit
organic growth rates is absolutely possible. Now to appeal the investment needed to drive this long-term
growth, and at the same time, drive margin expansion over time, we've continued to focus and execute on
our restructuring program.

And the last piece when it comes to long-term growth is our M&A strategy, and this is going to be key
for us, and it remains consistent with what we outlined in 2019 and earlier this year. We will continue to
focus on high-growth areas and areas where we truly believe we have a right to win. And size is going to
be a factor here as well, with a preference, at least at the outset, toward tuck-in deals that we can easily
integrate and operationalize while also maintaining an investment-grade rating.

So overall, I think it's obvious we feel confident in our business strength and execution in the current
pace of recovery from COVID, in our long-term growth prospects. We've already learned so much from
COVID-19. While it's a challenge that none of us would really want to face, the fact is we do believe that
it has reinforced the strength of our business strategy, and I believe that it's positively impacted our
team engagement and our One ZB culture. And trust me, we will focus on leveraging our learnings to
accelerate ZB's transformation. Now at the end of the day, there's a lot of short-term variables associated
with COVID that demand a level of caution. But make no mistake. We are very optimistic about our path
forward.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Suky to get into more financial details. Suky?

Suketu P. Upadhyay
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. I hope all of you are well. I'd like to reiterate Bryan's
most recent comments that our underlying fundamentals remain strong and our long-term growth profile
is compelling. Before jumping into the specifics, I would summarize our second quarter performance
of simply being better than expected. Revenue was ahead of expectations driven by faster recovery in
most markets, which led to better margins. And we ended the quarter with a strong cash position and
ample liquidity. Net sales in the quarter were $1.2 billion, a reported and an operational decrease of about
38% from the prior year driven by the pandemic. We saw the deepest impact on elective procedures and
revenue in April, but then saw a rapid recovery with sequential improvement in May and June.

While we're not at normal procedure volume stat, we are encouraged by the trend since April as all of our
regions and businesses performed better than anticipated since our first quarter call. We will look more
closely at our Q2 revenue trends, starting with regional performance, and then pivot to our businesses.
Moving forward, unless otherwise noted, my commentary will be on a constant currency basis.

Beginning with Asia Pacific. The region decreased about 18% in the second quarter versus the same
period in the prior year. While China demonstrated sharp V-shaped recovery since April, posting
improvement in May and growth in June, most other markets in the region continue to perform below
normal run rates. In Japan, our largest market in Asia Pacific, we've seen a different profile as that market

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

never got to the trough levels experienced in China and was stable in Q2, operating at about 80% of
normal run rates. Australia and New Zealand, our third-largest market in Asia Pacific, observed a sharp
decline and a sharp recovery within Q2 and continues to make progress back to normalization.

Many smaller markets within Asia Pacific continue to struggle with containing the virus and implementing
effective policies. And accordingly, procedures were down substantially in the second quarter.

So there's a wide disparity across the submarkets within the region. But as expected, a common theme
is that we see improvement in the number of elective procedures when the infection rates are stable or
declining and where there's a deference to physicians and hospitals to make treatment decisions based on
the local situation. This holds true for other regions as well.

Moving to EMEA. The region decreased 49% in the second quarter. As with other regions, we observed
the deepest trough in April and then saw a steady improvement through the quarter across all major
markets, with the exception of the U.K., where patients continue to be deferred at very high rates. Overall,
developed markets within EMEA are recovering well. By the end of the second quarter, Germany had
started to approach prior year procedure volumes. France, Italy and Spain also improved significantly
through the quarter and showed the fastest recovery in the region in June. While not yet back to
normalized levels, we are encouraged by this progress. Emerging markets in EMEA are improving but
generally continue to lag developed markets in that pace of recovery.

Lastly, the Americas decreased 40% in the second quarter. As we talked about on our last quarterly call,
the COVID-19 impact ramped up materially in mid-March, with Federal and state governments' guidance
to defer elective procedures. April was the trough for the Americas, but we saw stronger-than-expected
recovery in May and June as the U.S. states reopened. In the U.S., while there are variations week-to-
week, to date, we have seen approximately 50% of states at or above prior year caseload levels, with
80% of states above 90% when compared to last year.

While progress in the U.S. has been good, other markets within the Americas continue to struggle and
operate well below normal levels. For example, if you strip out the rest of the Americas from the U.S., you
will see that the U.S. hip and knee growth was actually about 200 to 300 basis points higher than the total
Americas number. So clearly, non-U.S. markets in the Americas are still struggling and creating a drag on
overall regional performance. Importantly, in the U.S. and in other regions and markets, we are seeing
second waves of steep infection growth. However, we clearly see that the health care systems, in general,
are better equipped to address the pandemic, such that we're not seeing an erosion of elective procedures
at the same level as observed in April. For example, in some of the hardest-hit counties within Texas, we
continue to see procedure volumes at 80% or better to prior year volumes, see a similar pattern in other
severely hit states. Since the second quarter, in July, we have seen continued progress and sequential
improvement in elective procedure trends.

Next, let's turn to our businesses for Q2. Our global knee business declined 47%. As we talked about last
quarter, prior to the pandemic, we saw strong performance in this category driven by improved operational
execution and the continued positive impact of the Persona Revision launch. As Bryan talked about a few
minutes ago, ROSA Knee continues to be an important growth driver for us in the near term and the long
term. And our ecosystem strategy in the knee business and other categories is really starting to take
traction. Our global hip business declined 31% in the second quarter. We continue to see our hip business
recover faster than the knee business, pointing to somewhat less-elective nature of these procedures. And
we continue to see strong traction for our Avenir Complete launch.

Sports extremity and trauma sales declined 29% in Q2. This decline was less pronounced than what we
observed in large joints primarily due to the nonelective nature of trauma. However, the trauma market
continued to be pressured due to reduced activity levels related to widespread quarantine and stay-at-
home orders.

Dental, spine and CMFT sales declined 37% in the quarter. We've seen stronger recovery in spine due to
recent new product introductions, including Tether. Also, much like our hip business, spine procedures are
seen as less elective by many physicians and patients primarily due to the pain burden. Finally, our other
category was down 44% versus the prior year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

Looking beyond Q2. As you know, we withdrew our 2020 full year financial guidance in April due to the
uncertainty related to procedure volume uptick. The impact of COVID-19 continues to be fluid, and there
are a number of market dynamics and variables that we are unable to reliably quantify at this time. As
such, we will not be providing updated financial guidance for 2020, but we do want to share information
and insights that may provide shaping of our revenue expectations for the remainder of the year.

To give you a sense of the sequential improvement we saw through the second quarter, remember that
on our first quarter call, we noted that revenues were down about 70% in April across the full business.
By the end of the quarter, in June, that decline was only 3.6% down. However, it's important to note that
there was an additional selling day in June 2020 versus June 2019. After adjusting for the additional day
in 2020, June was down 13.5%. There was no day rate impact on the full quarter. So the key takeaway is
if the variables that Bryan described earlier continue to play out as they are today, we expect a sequential
improvement seen in Q2 to also continue through the back half of 2020 but likely at a more modest pace.

Now let's turn to our P&L and liquidity. We've taken a disciplined and proactive approach to mitigate the
earnings impact of the pandemic and to enhance our liquidity profile. Results in the quarter were a little bit
better than expected since our first quarter call, and we would expect margins, earnings and cash flow to
improve as our revenue profile improves moving forward.

In terms of our second quarter results, we reported GAAP diluted loss per share for the quarter of $1
and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.05. GAAP earnings per share in the second quarter were
negative and lower than the prior year due primarily to the impact of the pandemic, and I will speak to
that as part of our adjusted results. Adjusted earnings per share were lower than the prior year driven
by lower revenues and higher cost of goods. Adjusted gross margins were 65.5% for the second quarter
due to less favorable mix and lower fixed cost absorption as a result of decreased production volumes.
Adjusted operating expenses were lower due to reduced variable selling expense, the continued early
impact of our restructuring program and cost reductions we actioned to deal with pandemic. As we
previously discussed, we were able to flex quickly on COVID-19-related cost reductions in the first quarter
by leveraging the restructuring programs already in place. Overall, adjusted operating margin for the
quarter was 5.7%, substantially lower than the prior year, but again, a bit better than what we expected
on our first quarter call.

Moving beyond operating margin. Net interest expense of $54 million was down versus the prior year due
to debt paydown in 2019. And our adjusted tax rate was 42.8% in the quarter. Our adjusted tax rate was
distorted in the quarter due to discrete tax expenses on a small base of pretax income. We do not expect
that trend to continue moving forward.

Moving to cash and liquidity in the quarter. While free cash flow was negative $145 million, we ended
Q2 with higher cash and cash equivalents of $713 million, further strengthening our liquidity position.
Also, we continue to maintain $2.5 billion in additional liquidity through our credit facilities, which remain
untapped. We believe we are well positioned from a capital structure standpoint.

In terms of our P&L for the remainder of 2020. We expect that operating expenses will continue to ramp
up in the second half of the year when compared to Q2 as we resume higher investment levels in R&D and
commercial initiatives in tandem with higher revenues. Interest expense will be a bit higher in the second
half of the year versus the first half driven by the refinancing of debt this year and the additional $1 billion
facility put in place. For the adjusted tax rate, a full year rate is expected to be about 100 basis points
higher than what we originally guided in February driven by a change in geographic mix of income due to
COVID-19. Overall, we expect that margins, earnings and cash flow will improve as our revenue profile
improves. From a longer-term perspective, we remain committed to achieving at least 30% operating
margin in 2023 as we continue to track well versus our restructuring plans.

To summarize, our underlying business and our financial fundamentals remain strong such that as the
market continues to improve, we expect our financial performance will also improve. I continue to be
extremely proud of how the ZB team has responded and performed over the past few months. We believe
we're well positioned to address the current challenges as well as accelerate our growth profile over the
long term.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bryan.

Bryan C. Hanson
President, CEO & Director

Great. Thanks, Suky. In closing, it's clear that the challenge of COVID-19 has been significant to ZB
-- to many, obviously. But we're also very encouraged by the early days of recovery, and I think really
importantly, our ability to rise to that challenge as a team. And I'm going to leave you with 3 points
from today's call that I hope you take away: the first one is that the Q2 recovery clearly happened faster
than expected, and we are encouraged as a result of that. But we are still cautiously optimistic about
the performance in the back half of 2020 just due to the variables associated with the pandemic that
we still have to manage through; and two, while our business has been impacted due to COVID-19, our
strategic focus and our progress has not been disrupted. And if anything, this challenge has provided us
with learnings that are enhancing strategic components of our business; and then three, we feel very
confident about our underlying business strength, our core business strategy and Zimmer Biomet's ability
to drive long-term growth and value.

I'm just going to take a minute before we close out the Q&A to say thank you to each and every one
of our team members around the world. They're doing just a fantastic job. And your commitment and
dedication to ZB enables us to deliver the value to our customers, to our patients and to our shareholders.
So with that, I'm going to turn the call back over to Keri, and I'm looking forward to your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

Question and Answer

Keri P. Mattox
Senior VP of Investor Relations & Chief Communications Officer

[Operator Instructions] With that, operator, may we have the first question, please.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Rick Wise with Stifel.

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Bryan, thanks for all the detailed information. Maybe if I could ask even more selfishly, if you could expand
a little more -- give us a little more color on how you're thinking about not just the [ kicks ] but the
drivers of recovery from here you highlighted to a bit. But when I look at the second quarter numbers
and the weighted averages for the ortho market, for both hips and knees, it looks like to me, Zimmer
did outperform declined less than the group averages, both worldwide and U.S. specifically. Maybe help
us better understand specifically the drivers. Is it execution? Your execution focus? Your new products
for Knees, ROSA, is it all of the above? Where do you think the emphasis points? And just bottom line all
this, what's the setup then as we look at '21 and beyond? How quickly can you get to that mid-single digit
absolutely possible kind of growth?

Bryan C. Hanson
President, CEO & Director

All right. Good. Thanks, Rick. That was a lot of questions in there, man. So I'm going to try to tackle
this and maybe in two categories. One, I think I'll just deal from your question is what's kind of driving
the underlying strength of the business. And I'll give a little more color on that versus what I had in my
prepared remarks; and maybe the second piece of it is just broadly speaking about the recovery from
COVID, just any deeper thinking there. And then maybe I'll pass it over to Suky to get into some detail on
maybe a little more detail even on how we're looking June, July, and what we think that's going to mean
on a go-forward basis.

But I would say, first of all, the things that we can control right now are extremely important to stay
disciplined on. So I truly do believe that's the reason why our strategy is being executed as flawlessly
as it is. And that's really important to us. Some of the major things that are allowing us to happen is,
number one, we don't have the supply issues that we used to have. And you remember when I used to
talk about this. There was going to be post-traumatic stress disorder from the commercial organization in
this category, and they wouldn't believe us for a while that it was actually solved. They do now. They're
not wasting time anymore on this. They are fully focused on driving new business. That's a big part of it.

The second piece to that is you've got to have new products, you got to have innovation. Having supply
is just basic hygiene. You got to move past that and actually bring new products to the table because
that's the lifeblood of a commercial organization. And that's what we're giving them, giving them
new technologies that I already talked about, and they are delivering in those areas, sticking to the
commitments that we had. The other big one is that we have dramatically changed the engagement
between the senior management of this organization and our commercial organization. There was distrust
there before. That does not exist anymore.

And the combination of those things, I would tell you, we've got a swagger back in the ZB commercial
organization. And that swagger goes a long way when you're talking about getting out in the field and
getting things done. On top of that, we've also got a changed compensation program that's more focused
on growth. It's biased to paying people to grow and less biased to those that don't. And we also have
operating mechanisms with discipline to hold people accountable for delivering that we did not have

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

before. So those are the things that -- the things we can control that are driving positive momentum in
the business and will continue to drive positive momentum in the business.

Outside of that when we talked about COVID, I would stick with the variables that I mentioned before.
And when we think about those variables, that idea of the headwinds being patient fear and recurrence
of the virus, now those are big variables. And they're going to be unpredictable, unfortunately. There's no
way to predict what they're going to do in the future. That's why that volatility exists, and we're not giving
specific guidance moving forward. But I think sometimes the best way to try to get a sense for what's
going to happen is look at what's happening right now because we are seeing the resurgence of the virus
in many areas. And as a result of what we're learning in those areas, it would give us some feel for what
happened on a go-forward basis.

So maybe with that, I'll just kind of flip it to Suky to be able to talk more specifically about what we're
seeing right now and maybe that will give you some color on what we think is going to happen going
forward.

Suketu P. Upadhyay
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Thanks, Bryan, and thanks for the question, Rick. So we clearly saw really good performance and
improvements through the back end of Q2. As I talked about for June exits, on a day rate basis, we're
down 13.5%. That compares to being down 70%, if you recall, back in April. So clearly, a pretty steep V-
shaped recovery in the quarter. Now inside of that, what we saw was Asia Pacific was about that overall
company average, plus or minus. Some of the areas we're really watching in Asia Pacific, our second-
and third-largest market, China and Asia -- oh sorry, Australia and New Zealand, performing really well,
getting very close to where we're at-normal wise run rates. The other big watch out for us is Japan, which
continues to operate in sort of that 80% to 90% range, and that is our largest market, so we're keeping a
close watch on the recovery in that particular market. And of course, we're still really struggling in a lot of
smaller markets in Southeast Asia.

As we turn to EMEA, relative to that overall company average of down 13.5%, EMEA was down
significantly more than that. And that's simply because the recovery just started later in the quarter for
that particular region, seeing really good uptake with our larger markets, but we've got to keep our eyes
on the U.K., which continues to defer at a very high rate. And emerging markets is lagging. That was
already a pretty lumpy business with tendering. COVID has just made it that much more difficult to predict
a trend. But again, recovery in the biggest market within EMEA has looked really good in the back end of
the quarter.

Then you turn to the Americas, and this is probably where we saw the biggest and sharpest return in the
second quarter, and as Bryan talked about, a little bit ahead of our expectations. Within the U.S., we're
seeing really good traction. We do continue to get hit in some pretty-hard-hit states, as we talked about,
Florida, Texas, Arizona, but nothing compared to the first wave. Those particular markets are operating in
the 80% to 90% range. And what we're seeing is some of the states that have recovered a little bit later,
like New York, New Jersey, some of the Northeastern states, they're operating close to 100% or maybe
even some aspects or some parts growing above 100%. So you're seeing that offset some of the harder-
hit states.

So again, the U.S. is overall trending pretty well, but we're keeping our eyes on that second surge. I think
within Americas, however, we're seeing a pretty big headwind from Canada, and more importantly, from
Latin America, as those particular markets continue to struggle. And just to try and kind of emphasize
the headwind that we're getting from those markets, if you actually look at our U.S. knee number, for
instance, there was about a 200 basis point headwind by including total Americas. And so if you excluded
Americas, our U.S. knee number was about down 44.7%. So again, about 200 basis points better. And
that's even with a tough comp on ROSA. And then our U.S. hip business had a headwind of about 300
basis points when you include the rest of Americas in it. So clearly, the rest of the Americas is the piece of
kind of masking even better performance in the U.S.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

So as we think about things going forward in July, sequentially, things got better than where June was.
And so that's a good second-leading indicator that. However, July was still down versus prior year, okay?
So better than June but still down. And when you think of the composition of the regions I talked about,
it's very similar to what we saw in June. America is a little bit better than the overall company average
in July, APAC kind of in line and EMEA a little bit behind. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit more
color. Sorry for the long answer, but I know that's a question on a lot of your minds, so we just wanted to
address it proactively.

Operator

We'll take our next question from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just two for me. One, Bryan or Suky, just on recovery. Bryan, you mentioned this $700 million to $800
million backlog. I just sort of wonder how much of that has been worked out. And I'm assuming this
dynamic of schedule versus rescheduled patients is why you said recovery is less deep in sort of the back
half. But just if you can talk about that backlog and whether you think you can get back to growth in the
fourth quarter? And then I had a quick follow-up on ROSA.

Bryan C. Hanson
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Great. So what I would say is that $700 million or $800 million is still out there. So I would say
that's the amount of backlog that is still out for future revenue. And none of that is -- I'm counting
as being already captured. I do believe that when you think about the backlog, again, you've got to
separate it into 2 different categories: first category would be those patients that were deferred in the
very beginning.

So you absolutely know they're deferred patients; and the other portion of that backlog are those -- I'm
just going to call them category 2 patients, which are kind of just building right now, and we'll continue to
build until we get back to market growth. And so that $700 million to $800 million will be future revenue
for us. My sense is that first category of patients, those are deferred initially, will likely be completely
run through by the time we get to the end of 2020. Or most of them will. But you're still going to have
a pretty significant backlog left for 2021. And I would say the way you could calculate that is when
you look at the overall market growth delta between what we actually did in 2020 versus the market
growth, whatever that delta is, in those procedures that are elective and also are connected to progressive
diseases, a large majority of those patients will come back into the funnel.

So if you just look at that delta, let's say, you had 100 procedures less than typical market, you could take
probably 80% of those or 80 procedures and say, "That's my backlog that will come into 2021." And so
that's kind of the way I'm thinking about it. The challenge is that you have these big variables that are
still moving out there around patient fear and the resurgence of the virus. So it's difficult to say that the
backlog coming back in is going to give us that tailwind that we want without the negative impacts of
those 2 variables. But what I would say again is if we can move to the point where we have a valid vaccine
or an effective treatment, that takes those 2 variables off the table. And then you've got the backlog as a
tailwind, which would be significant for us.

And so you could see a pathway, I guess is what I'm saying. If things stay about the same, as you come
into a vaccine in to remove or mitigate those 2 negative variables of very strong growth in 2021, the
challenge is those variables and I'm saying they need to go away are pretty significant and we just don't
know if it's going to happen or not. But certainly, you could see a pathway, just given, again, that backlog
volume of strong growth in the back half in 2021. It just depends on how those other 2 variables play out.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

Okay. So just a follow-up there. It's hard to be definitive on fourth quarter growth. I think it's what I'm
hearing, but just want to get your comment there. And then just -- I'll ask my second question as well.
Just on ROSA. Bryan, obviously, that number is probably materially ahead of where the industry was
thinking on ROSA placements and thanks for the detail. So did placements accelerate here into the second
quarter? I'm just curious, has the selling structure around those placements changed at all as related to
usage-based agreements? And can you just give us some sense from a competitive account perspective
where those systems are being placed? What percent of traditional Zimmer majority accounts versus
competitive share capture?

Bryan C. Hanson
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Absolutely. So it's a combination. I would tell you that we are absolutely looking at both competitive
as well as friends and family. So we -- even though the original strategy was to focus just on friends and
family because we've got a huge opportunity just given the amount of implant percentages that we have
in the market, we are definitely seeing competitive situations. And we're winning in those areas.

When I think about ROSA in general, I would just say that we continue to see sequential improvement in
placements. And believe it or not, even in Q2, there was no disruption in that sequential improvement.
That just speaks to the maturity of our commercial organization, the maturity of the pipeline of potential
customers that we have and our ability to translate that pipeline into actual sales. And I would expect that
to continue. I would say that more recently, as I referenced before, the mix in the way that we're placing
these is different.

Most customers previously wanted to buy. Now we're seeing a shift to this opportunity to acquire the
technology through volume commitments, which in reality, as I've stated before, is actually the preferred
method of placement for us. I would much rather have that annuity revenue that -- linking me to the
customer for a longer period of time than have an upfront capital acquisition. And that's what Suky
referenced before. If you look in Q2, if you look at our knee performance in the U.S., for instance, we
actually had a headwind associated with robotics versus last year. It was actually a slight drag to our
growth rate in knees because we had sold more last year than we did this quarter. And so again -- I
think, again, the pipeline is strong, excited about the product line we're seeing continued sequential
improvement quarter-over-quarter.

Operator

We'll go next to Matthew O'Brien with Piper Sandler.

Matthew Oliver O'Brien
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Just a follow-up on the ROSA side of things. When I look at, Bryan, the number that you're thinking that
you're going to have in the field this year, that's around 200 compared to how many you had out that
you're going to be placing this year versus what you had out last year. So that's pretty similar to what the
market leader did as far as system placements last year in this category. So what I'm trying to figure out
is, kind of to David's question, what's the split between friends and family versus competitive accounts?
And are you seeing a building improvement on the competitive account side as we speak or kind of as
you're looking forward? And I do have a follow-up.

Bryan C. Hanson
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Yes. So I would say -- without giving specifics, I would say that the competitive accounts are
probably greater than 50% of the placements. And again, that's even increasing as we're finding more
customers looking at this opportunity to bring in the system based on volume commitments. So almost by
default, to be able to get a system place like that, you've got to have a competitive situation so they can
commit that volume to be able to get the robotic system placed. So I'd say it's north of 50%. And it looks
better right now because of the placement strategy shift, not from us but from our customers.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

Matthew Oliver O'Brien
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then on the revision side, and I didn't hear much on cementless. I may have
missed. It, but when I look back historically, you've lost, I think, somewhere around 300, 400 basis points
of share on the revision side. Cementless is anchored, primaries in total, I think there was a couple of
hundred basis points. So there's a lot of users out there that are familiar with Zimmer. Are those the ones
that you're getting back the quickest right now? Or are you even going into new accounts that you hadn't
really been present before because of those new systems, because of ROSA? And to sum it all up, you feel
comfortable, again, understanding there's some variability about outperforming the knee market, broadly
speaking, over the next couple of years?

Bryan C. Hanson
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'd say on the cementless side, we continue to get traction. I think we're -- our product is being
well received. And as we see more penetration of robotics in our accounts, you're going to see -- by
the very nature of robotics and the capability to do cementless more comfortably, you're going to see a
continued increase in the cementless percentage of our business. What I would say on the Revision side,
it is absolutely a tip-of-the-spear product. And we're clearly going into accounts that have been using
Persona and have not been able to use our Revision system. And we're picking up those accounts. Those
are the obvious ones. But it's such a good Revision set that we're getting competitive surgeons that want
to move to this. And as a result of that, we'll get primary pull-through as well. So as much as that's an
exciting product, when I talked about the close to $100 million opportunity there for this year, that's not
including the pull-through that we would get when we have competitive conversions on the primary knee.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Maybe just a quick clarification. In the script, you said that at the end of June, the decline was only 3.6%,
but adjusted for selling days, it was down 13.5%. Is that just more the exit rate of June versus the full
month, or is there something else going on there?

Suketu P. Upadhyay
Executive VP & CFO

Hey, Robbie. That was the full month of June as opposed to the final weeks.

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And then maybe, Bryan, it sounds like if I go back to dental and maybe spine, when
times are tough, it's easier to revisit different parts of the business that might not be some of your
top performers have the best growth rates going forward. How are you thinking about some of your
businesses that have been underperforming lately? And how are you thinking about potentially improving
or monetizing them in this environment where there are a lot of willing buyers out there with recently
raised capital?

Bryan C. Hanson
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So I think the first focus is, as I said in the prepared remarks, we have certain businesses and sub-
businesses that will be the primary areas of investment. But what I want to make very clear is that does
not mean that the businesses outside of that are not important to us. And it does not mean that I don't
expect results in those businesses. And they are getting investment just not the same level. So I fully
expect my businesses in dental, spine, CMFT, that I did not name as areas of extreme focus, I expect

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

them with the investment they're getting to perform. And if I think about spine specifically, we've got an
opportunity there to do that.

Now it's got to happen in a few different ways. We've had a lot of flux in our commercial organization.
That is now stable. Well, that stable commercial organization has to turn into a productive commercial
organization. We have Mobi-C, which is the best cervical disc in the marketplace. We got to get traction
with that. We have -- that is a tip-of-the-spear product that we have not been taking advantage of, and I
need to see that. And we have Tether that Suky mentioned in the prepared remarks, that is a innovative
change that dramatically changes the patient experience in scoliosis patients. That is an exciting product
that we need to be able to use. And we have ROSA. So we've got the components of success in spine.

With the investment level that we have, I need to see it transpire in the same way that we saw with the
similar investment level, dental, perform. And so I just want to make sure that it's clear that just because
I don't have those businesses as one of the primary growth drivers of the organization, it does not mean
they're not important to us, it does not mean that we're not going to continue to invest at some level and
it does not mean that I don't expect results.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Philip Chickering with Deutsche Bank.

Philip Chickering
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

The first one is I wanted to follow-up on David's question on $700 million to $800 million of backlog. I
understand that the backlog is out there, but any chance you can give us the color as to procedures you
guys saw in June or July? Where is the split between deferred procedures that happened versus newly
diagnosed cases that were done? I'm just trying to understand the price of recovery and the sustainability
on that recovery.

Bryan C. Hanson
President, CEO & Director

Yes. What I'll tell you is that although we do collect data on this, it's becoming more muddled. And the
reason why is because you've got a complete mixture now of what is a deferred patient. If you look at
just those folks that we knew were deferred, then I can get a sense for how many of those are coming
through. But when I look at truly this growing backlog of deferred patients, it's difficult to know which one
of those is a new versus a deferred that's created as a result of COVID. So it is becoming muddled.

I think the easiest way to look at it is, again, is to go back to in those areas that we have: large joints,
shoulder. Those areas are elective but are connected to a progressive disease. I would just look at the
delta in market growth, and just know that 80-plus percent of those patients are eventually going to come
back in. And I would stop worrying as much about what is a deferred patient, what is a new patient. I
just look at the total deficiency to market and know that as history shows, those patients eventually come
back in the funnel at a pretty high rate. So that's the way we're thinking about it. I think spending too
much time now trying to understand the deferred to new patient mix. Is just -- it's too muddled. It's too
challenging to understand what that actually means.

Philip Chickering
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. A follow-up there. August is typically a pretty slow month, certain state vacations. Any color from
your sales force about how they see surgeon demand in August? And do you think that docs are motivated
to work through their backlog and provide good growth on easy comps?

Bryan C. Hanson
President, CEO & Director

I'd tell you, it's interesting because, particularly in Europe, you see August being a challenging month
because a lot of holidays. But even in parts of Spain, what we're hearing is that people are going to take

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

fewer weeks of vacation to be able to deal with some of the backlog. And that is an area that you typically
don't hear that type of response. And it's the same pretty much around the world. The general feedback
that we're getting from surgeons and hospitals, that they're going to take fewer days of vacation to try to
work through the backlog. Everyone recognizes there's a bolus of patients that need to get served. And
my general sense is that you're going to see people try to work through that backlog. The only time that
you would see maybe a -- something that would look different than that is in the public health system
in Europe, where you just don't have the same incentive to be able to work through it and potentially,
sometimes even the budget to be able to work through it. But generally speaking, I'm getting very good
feedback on the desire to work through the summer, work through this backlog and take care of patients.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Matt Taylor with UBS.

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So it's really interesting to hear the color on the ROSA System placements and utilization there. And I
wanted to focus on utilization for a second. I haven't asked as much about that. You saw pretty strong
lease despite these payment conditions. And I guess, I was hoping you could provide some outlook for
that and maybe benchmark it versus other systems that are out there, where do you think utilization could
go in the coming quarters for these ROSA systems and at maturity?

Bryan C. Hanson
President, CEO & Director

Yes. My sense is we could see continued increases of utilization per system. And again, remember, go back
to the tenants that we had in place as we designed the system. One of the primary things we focused on
was to make sure that it did not disrupt the surgical flow. It did not change the time to do a procedure.
And that's what we're finding actually happening. So the good news on that is that the surgeon can digest
it more easily because it doesn't change what they do as much. It just makes it better. But what it also
allows is more surgical volume, right, using robotics because we don't slow the procedure down. And
so I would expect as people get more comfortable with it, and they see the difference in outcome for
patients that use robotics versus not use robotics, I would expect it to continue to go up per unit. And
then obviously, as we place more units, I see those procedural volumes increasing pretty quickly.

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. And another follow-up. And people have alluded to the deposits surprise here you being able to
push that forward in a tough environment. Do you think that hospitals are benefiting from stimulus? Or
how have they been able to continue to make these kind of capital investments or other arrangements
despite the disruption and pressure on their budget?

Bryan C. Hanson
President, CEO & Director

Yes, I really do. We were very concerned out of the gate that we wouldn't be getting paid by hospitals, let
alone seeing this kind of traction. And I think the stimulus did help. I think it took the pressure off. And it
made hospitals feel more confident and comfortable to be able to continue to move their strategy forward.
And so our receivables, for instance, never really got significantly damaged during all this because I think
they felt comfortable with that liquidity. And we really haven't seen much of a change in demand. I mean,
initially, for sure. I mean people didn't know what was going on. They didn't know for sure what was going
to happen. So there was a month period of time where it was a little bit of chaos. But as you work through
that and people felt more confident and comfortable in liquidity, things got back to normal pretty quick. I
say normal. Clearly, that's not actual normal.

Operator

We'll go next to Richard Newitter with SVP Leerink (sic) [ SVB Leerink ].

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Maybe just on ROSA. I think what are your competitors, the leader in the markets that they saw a high
proportion of placements, better-than-expected placements into the ASC setting. I'm just curious if you
could comment at all on whether you might have been seeing ROSA get in place into the ASC. And within
the context of that question, how Zimmer maybe a position to benefit from, or to fill an impact on, the
accelerated trend through the ASC setting more broadly?

Bryan C. Hanson
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, clearly, you would see a natural desire from patients, I would think, to be in a nonhospital
setting, just given the issues around virus fear. So it's not surprising to me that we're seeing some
additional pace moving to the ASC from a procedure volume standpoint. And we are absolutely ensuring
that commercially, we're going to be ready for that. We've already focused on it, obviously, but we're
going to put that on steroids now.

And I would say from a robotic standpoint, it plays quite well for us. Remember that you do not have
to have a CT scan to be able to use a robotic system for ROSA. And that helps us quite a bit in the ASC
setting. And I also will go back to this idea of throughput. These are business people in the ASC setting.
Volume is very important to them. They have to get the throughput of patients to be able to get the
same reimbursement and to be able to get the business dynamics that they want. And that ability to use
our system without a change in time really matters to them. So again, I think it bodes well for us quite
frankly. And I'm very happy to hear that our competitor also saw a surge in robotic placements. It tells
you that the demand for robotics is real, and the penetration of robotics is still very low. And that to me is
an opportunity for everyone who has a real robotic solution.

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then, Bryan, just for my follow-up. I'm curious on the M&A front, I appreciate you're going
to start off smaller tuck-in. I'm just curious, in the wake of COVID, has that in any way changed, maybe
where you likely initially focused on the types of acquisitions or anything that now, just on a go-forward
basis, might fit more strategically into the business as you look forward?

Bryan C. Hanson
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Let me -- I'll answer that very specifically, but let me pull up this for a second because I think it's
helpful context because we are in a phase now where I feel much more confident and comfortable moving
into active portfolio management, and we will absolutely move in that direction. But it was important to
get there because I kind of think about this positioning this company or transforming this company for
success in 3 phases: the first phase was kind of obvious to everybody. We had to triage the patient, right?
We had real problems around culture, mission, connection just wasn't there. We didn't have the top-level
talent that we needed to be able to move the business forward. We had supply issues, quality issues. We
had a DOJ monitor in the house.

So we had all these things that we had to fix. And I'm not saying that we're not going to continue to focus
in those areas because it's going to evolve, but that was kind of Phase 1. We had to fix those things;
Phase 2 was more around shifting to innovation. Had to get new products out in the market. We had to
be able to crystallize our strategy and our focus and our strategic pillars, and then make sure we have the
right organizational structure to drive that. So all those things kind of happen in Phase 2, and we've got
to have the operating mechanisms to make sure that we deliver on those things; Phase 3 really comes
around portfolio transformation. And that's exactly what we're going to be focused on.

And yes, I would tell you that the insights that we're getting from COVID, because we're learning every
day, and we're applying those insights into the way that we're going to manage our strategy, didn't
fundamentally change the strategy, but it's augmenting the strategy. And I would tell you that we will

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

have a focus as we look for diversification and being able to get better penetration in the ASC to be able
to continue to focus in those subcategories in S.E.T. that we know are going to be attractive and to be
able to think about acquisitions now to get us away from our dependence on elective procedures. So
there's a lot of different vectors that we're considering now in the way that we're going to look at potential
opportunities for acquisition. I would still say, as I said before, there are going to be smaller tuck-ins for
now because our access to liquidity isn't quite the same just given what's going on right now. And we
want to make sure that we stay investment-grade, but we are clearly focused right now on active portfolio
management.

Operator

That will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Keri Mattox for
any additional or closing remarks.

Keri P. Mattox
Senior VP of Investor Relations & Chief Communications Officer

Thanks, Katie, and thank you all again for joining us this morning. If you have questions, please
do not hesitate to reach out to the IR team. You can also find a replay of this call on our website,
zimmerbiomet.com. Thanks so much and have a great day.

Operator
Thank you again for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

