Zoetis Inc. NYSE:ZTS
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 13, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.88

0.92

4.55

0.91

3.61

3.64

0.83

3.99

1641.27

1674.00

1.99

1547.44

6231.14

6260.00

0.46

6704.44

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-13-2020 1:19 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.79

0.82

0.89

0.88

0.88

0.90

0.94

0.92

11.39 %

9.76 %

5.62 %

4.55 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Steven Frank
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Balaji V. Prasad
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christopher Thomas Schott
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Michael Westenberg
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Elliot Henry Wilbur
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Erin Elizabeth Wilson Wright
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Gregory B. Gilbert
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Kathleen Marie Miner
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Kevin Ellich;Ace
Research;Founder and
Managing Partner

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Michael Leonidovich Ryskin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Prakhar Agrawal
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019 Financial Results Conference Call and
Webcast for Zoetis. Hosting the call today is Steve Frank, Vice President of Investor Relations for Zoetis.

The presentation materials and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Investor Relations
section of zoetis.com. The presentation slides can be managed by you, the viewer, and will not be
forwarded automatically. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 2 hours after the
conclusion of this call via dial-in or on the Investor Relations section of zoetis.com. [Operator Instructions]

It's now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Steve Frank. Steve, you may begin.

Steven Frank
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Keith. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Zoetis Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019
Earnings Call. I am joined today by Kristin Peck, our Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn David, our Chief
Financial Officer.

Before we begin, I'll remind you that the slides presented on this call are available on the Investor
Relations section of our website and that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements and
that actual results could differ materially from those projections. For a list and description of certain
factors that could cause results to differ, I refer you to the forward-looking statement in today's press
release and our SEC filings, including, but not limited to, our annual report on Form 10-K and our reports
on Form 10-Q.

Our remarks today will also include references to certain financial measures which were not prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or U.S. GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP
financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures is included in the financial tables
that accompany our earnings press release and in the company's 8-K filing dated today, February 13,
2020. We will also cite operational results, which exclude the impact of foreign exchange.

With that, I will turn the call over to Kristin.

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. By now, you've read our press release and financial tables in
the Zoetis website, so I'll take just a few minutes to recap the full year, talk about our outlook for 2020
and outline some of the long-term investment plans and growth opportunities we see for Zoetis. Our CFO,
Glenn David, will then cover the fourth quarter and our full year guidance for 2020 before we open the
lines up for your questions.

So let's get started. Zoetis delivered another year of strong growth and market leadership in 2019, thanks
to our diverse and durable portfolio and our commitment to continuous innovation. We grew revenue 10%
operationally, which includes about 2% of growth from the Abaxis acquisition. This is once again above
the market growth for animal health, which is expected to be about 3% to 4% for 2019, reflecting the
negative impact of African Swine Fever. We grew our adjusted net income faster than revenue at 14%
operationally, continuing to achieve our goal of growing profitability faster than revenue over the long
term.

In terms of other elements of our value proposition, we achieved several new approvals in areas that will
strengthen our traditional portfolio of parasiticides and vaccines, and we invested in critical acquisitions
and partnerships that will accelerate our growth in areas where we are expanding, such as diagnostics.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

For example, we received approvals for new parasiticides such as ProHeart 12 in the U.S. and Simparica
Trio in the EU and Canada. We are enhancing our vaccine portfolio with new products, like Versican Plus
Bb Oral, the first oral vaccine for dogs in Europe, and Poulvac Procerta HVT-ND, our first vector vaccine for
poultry.

We also continue to invest in building our overall diagnostics capabilities, with acquisitions in the reference
lab space, which will give us a more holistic offering to veterinarians. And we expanded our equine and pet
care portfolio into nutritional formulas with the acquisition of Platinum Performance, a premier leader in
this market.

Finally, in terms of our commitment to returning excess capital to shareholders, we generated a 2019
quarterly dividend of $0.16 per share, an increase of 30% from the 2018 dividend rate, and we completed
approximately $625 million in share repurchases. We have built a strong record of delivering on this value
proposition for shareholders over the last 7 years, and I'm very confident we can continue on this path of
long-term growth and value creation based on the capabilities, colleagues and customer focus we bring to
every market opportunity.

Looking ahead now to the rest of 2020. Animal health remains a steady and reliable market based on
people's increasing commitment to their pet's health and based on the steady demand for safe and
affordable animal proteins. For 2020, we currently expect the overall industry to return to growth of
approximately 4% to 5%, excluding the impact of foreign currency.

The market took a dramatic hit in 2019 from African Swine Fever in China with at least a 50% reduction
in herd size according to reports. While this disease had a significant impact on our business in China
last year, with the early signs of stabilization and the opportunity for the industry in terms of farms
consolidating, investments being made in better infrastructure and biosecurity and the frozen pork supply
being reduced. As the global pork market and [ trade fisher ] sorts out more in 2020 and with increased
export opportunities for many markets, we could see the overall animal health market return to slightly
better growth rates.

In terms of species, the swine market should be below the overall market growth for 2020. The companion
animal and poultry markets are expected to be somewhat above the market growth, and cattle is expected
to be a little more limited than the market based on the continuing challenges faced by beef and dairy
customers.

For Zoetis, we expect to grow faster than the market for companion animal and poultry and in line
with the cattle market. For the swine market, we would expect to be in line or faster than the market,
depending on the pace of recovery from African Swine Fever and its impact on additional markets this
year.

In terms of our guidance for 2020, Zoetis expects to grow revenue significantly faster than the industry in
a range of 7% to 9.5% operationally. And in terms of adjusted net income, we expect operational growth
in the range of 8% to 11%. To meet our goals for 2020, we will continue supporting our latest product
launch and life cycle innovations with direct-to-consumer advertising and the recently expanded pet care
field force in the U.S.

And in international markets, we're focused on supporting new products with field force expansions in
certain markets and differentiating ourselves with a focus on direct field force's effectiveness and technical
expertise. We will also continue investing in other accelerated growth areas such as diagnostics, genetics,
precision livestock farming and digital and data analytics. This will be an important year in diagnostics
as we complete the integration of our systems and look to accelerate sales growth with more integrated
offerings of medicines and diagnostics, an important way we can deliver more value to our customers. And
we will continue advancing our pipeline with investments in parasiticides, vaccines, monoclonal antibodies
and other therapeutic areas.

The launch of Simparica Trio, our triple combination parasiticide, is highly anticipated for 2020. And we
remain confident in a U.S. approval in the first quarter with the launch shortly thereafter. As we have said
recently, we completed the technical sections of the Simparica Trio package for the U.S. and are currently

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

in the administrative review, awaiting a final approval. We have already received approvals for Simparica
Trio in the EU and Canada, and we expect the Simparica Trio launch in Europe to begin in certain markets
this month as we take a phased approach to the launch there. Based on these assumptions, we continue
to expect to generate incremental global sales of Simparica Trio in 2020 at approximately $150 million.

I am energized by the opportunities ahead of us in 2020. We have a vibrant and growing companion
animal portfolio driven by internal innovation and more to come with Simparica Trio. We are delivering
steady performance across our livestock products despite the market challenges some of our customers
face from economic conditions, emerging infectious diseases and natural disasters. We're partnering
with our customers in innovative ways to help them stay ahead of the curve on evolving technology, new
commercial opportunities and shifts in consumer trends. We are building out our capabilities in digital and
data analytics to bring meaningful solutions to the challenges faced in their farms and clinics. And we are
executing on a strategy for growth with internal and external investments to have us well positioned for
long-term growth.

I look forward to carrying on the company's successful formula of customer focus, innovation and
execution as we continue to deliver on our long-term value proposition to shareholders.

Now I'll hand things over to Glenn.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Kristin, and good morning. As Kristin indicated, we had another exceptional year with revenue
of $6.3 billion and adjusted net income of $1.8 billion, with both top and bottom line exceeding the high
end of our guidance ranges for the year. Reported revenue growth was 7% for the year, including a 3%
unfavorable impact from foreign exchange, which was driven primarily by strengthening of the dollar
against the euro, Brazilian real and Argentinian peso. Operational revenue growth of 10% was driven by
a 2% price contribution and an 8% volume contribution. Volume growth included 2% from the addition
of legacy Abaxis products, 2% from our key dermatology portfolio, 2% from new products and 2% from
our other in-line portfolio. Revenue growth for the year was broad-based, with the U.S. growing 11%
and International growing 9% operationally. Companion animal led the way in terms of species growth,
outpacing livestock for the year.

Revenue from our key dermatology portfolio, our diverse parasiticide portfolio with several new launches
this year and legacy Abaxis products drove companion animal operational performance of 23%. Livestock
declined 1% operationally for the year, impacted by the outbreak of African Swine Fever in China and
challenging beef and dairy cattle market conditions in the U.S. Our poultry and fish product portfolios
continue to grow, partially offsetting the cattle and swine headwinds. Operational growth and adjusted net
income of 14% was driven by strong revenue growth and gross margin favorability.

Now moving on to our Q4 financial results. We had solid performance again this quarter with revenue
of $1.7 billion, representing an increase of 7% on a reported basis and 9% operationally. Adjusted net
income of $440 million increased 15% on a reported basis and 13% operationally. Foreign exchange in the
quarter drove an unfavorable 2% impact on revenue, primarily driven by the strengthening of the dollar
against the euro, Brazilian real and Argentinian peso. Operational revenue growth of 9% for the quarter
was driven by 1% price and 8% volume. The volume contribution of 8% includes 3% from new products,
3% from other in-line products and 2% from key dermatology products. Contributions from legacy Abaxis
products were not a material driver of growth in the quarter globally since this is the first full quarter
lapping the impact of the prior year acquisition.

Breaking down our operational revenue growth by species. Companion animal grew 19% and livestock
grew 2%. Companion animal revenue growth was driven by continued strength of our key dermatology
products and our parasiticide portfolio, including new products, Revolution Plus and ProHeart 12 and the
continued adoption of Simparica. Equine also contributed to growth in the quarter with a full quarter of
revenue from the acquisition of Platinum Performance and its nutritional products as well as continued
growth of our Core EQ Innovator vaccine.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Livestock growth in the quarter was primarily driven by strong poultry and fish performance partially
offset by declines in cattle and the impact of African Swine Fever. Swine increased 1% operationally in the
quarter despite the impact of African Swine Fever. New products contributed 3% to overall growth in the
quarter driven by parasiticides, Revolution Plus and Stronghold Plus, as it's known internationally, ProHeart
12 and the recently launched Alpha Flux parasiticide in Chile.

Other in-line products contributed 3% to growth in the quarter. This was primarily driven by revenue
from recent acquisitions and commercial agreements, including Platinum Performance, our reference
lab acquisitions, the stable lab diagnostic test for equine and companion animal parasiticides, including
Simparica. This growth was partially offset by declines in U.S. cattle and the ongoing impact of African
Swine Fever. Simparica contributed strong growth in the quarter with revenue of $42 million and 34%
operational growth. For the full year, Simparica sales were $214 million, growing 40% operationally.

Our key dermatology portfolio continued to grow globally this quarter, contributing 2% growth. Global
sales were $200 million in the quarter, representing 29% operational growth. Full year revenue for this
portfolio was $754 million, growing 29% operationally. The positive performance in this portfolio was
driven by increasing market share, price and expanded usage of both APOQUEL and CYTOPOINT into
recently launched market. Sales from legacy Abaxis products were $68 million in the quarter, representing
5% operational growth over the prior year.

Now let's discuss the revenue growth by segment for the quarter. U.S. revenue grew 6%, with companion
animal growing 15% and livestock declining 3%. Companion animal growth in the quarter was driven
by increased sales of our key dermatology products, the impact of recent acquisitions, our parasiticide
portfolio and a number of other in-line products, including Cerenia and RIMADYL.

U.S. dermatology sales were $133 million for the quarter, growing 21%. Growth this quarter was
driven by price and benefits from the direct-to-consumer advertising driving increased market share.
Our parasiticide portfolio, including new products such as Revolution Plus and ProHeart 12 and in-
line products, such as Simparica, contributed to strong companion animal growth. Positive companion
animal performance was partially offset by U.S. livestock declines in the quarter driven by cattle. Cattle
product sales continued to be negatively impacted by unfavorable market conditions, driven by heavier
and healthier animals coming in from pasture with a lower risk profile and pricing pressure driven by
competition. Partially offsetting challenges in cattle was continued poultry growth primarily from our
portfolio of alternatives to antibiotics in medicated feed additives. We also benefited from new customer
adoption and competitors on product efficacy and supply challenges. Swine also had a strong quarter,
returning to growth due to increased sales of medicated feed additives and vaccines.

To summarize U.S. performance, innovation and returns on our investments drove positive results despite
challenging market conditions impacting growth in cattle. Our International segment also contributed
to strong growth this quarter with operational revenue growth of 12%. Companion animal operational
revenue growth was 26% and livestock operational growth was 5%. Companion animal growth was driven
by key dermatology products, growth in our parasiticide portfolio, including Simparica and our Stronghold
franchise and legacy Abaxis products.

International livestock also performed well, driven by growth in cattle, fish and poultry. This growth was
partially offset by modest declines in swine due to the ongoing impact of African Swine Fever. Growth in
cattle was due to favorable pricing as well as increased feedlot placements in Australia, new customers in
other developed and emerging markets and favorable conditions in key markets such as Mexico. The fish
portfolio benefited from the continued uptake of the Alpha Flux parasiticide in Chile, while poultry growth
was driven by price and increased sales of vaccines. As expected, swine remained challenged this quarter
by the ongoing impact of African Swine Fever. We did see some positive signs, however, partially offsetting
these declines with new markets launching our combination swine vaccines and growth in key accounts in
China.

Our outlook for 2020 remains neutral to slightly positive for swine in China. In the near term, however,
we remain confident that other regions and proteins will increase production to help mitigate the pork
shortage, and long-term industrialization of pork production in China will be a tailwind. Overall, our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

International segment continued to be a significant driver of growth, supported by innovation and a
diverse portfolio across products and geographies despite the impact of African Swine Fever.

Now moving on to the rest of the P&L. Adjusted gross margin of 68.5% increased approximately 210 basis
points in the quarter on a reported basis compared to the prior year. The increase was driven by foreign
exchange, manufacturing cost efficiencies, product mix and price, partially offset by increased inventory
charges.

Total adjusted operating expenses grew 13% operationally. The increase is primarily related to
compensation-related expenses, the impact of recent acquisitions, direct-to-consumer advertising and
investments to support future growth of the business. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was
14.2%. The decrease from the comparable 2018 period is primarily related to nonrecurring discrete tax
benefits recorded in the fourth quarter of 2019, partially offset by the impact of the global intangible low
tax income or GILTI tax, which is effective for Zoetis in 2019. Adjusted net income for the quarter grew
13% operationally, driven by strong revenue growth, favorability in gross margin and a lower effective tax
rate. Adjusted diluted EPS grew 14% operationally compared to the same quarter in the prior year.

Now moving on to guidance for 2020. Please note that guidance reflects foreign exchange rates as of
late January. In 2020, we are projecting revenue between $6.65 billion and $6.8 billion, representing
7% to 9.5% operational growth. Foreign exchange is expected to be a headwind again next year of
approximately 100 basis points.

Innovation will be a key driver of growth next year, particularly in companion animal. Companion animal
overall is expected to again outpace livestock, benefiting from our diverse parasiticide portfolio, key
dermatology, diagnostics and strong market dynamics, including continued growth in emerging markets.
And as Kristin mentioned, our guidance assumes an incremental $150 million in revenue related to
Simparica Trio. This estimate represents revenue for roughly 3/4 of the year. And in 2020, as Kristin
indicated, we anticipate all livestock species returning to global growth.

From a geographic perspective, we anticipate balanced growth between our U.S. and International
segments. Adjusted cost of sales as a percentage of revenue is expected to be in the range of 30% to
31%, neutral to slightly increasing from 2019 due to unfavorable foreign exchange and mildly dilutive
acquisitions partially offset by price and positive mix. Adjusted SG&A expenses for the year are expected
to be between $1.59 billion and $1.64 billion, with the increase over 2019 focused on critical areas of
revenue growth, including recent and future product launches, recent acquisitions and expansion into
reference lab diagnostics as well as the annualization of our U.S. field force expansion and direct-to-
consumer advertising.

Adjusted R&D expenses for 2020 are expected to be between $455 million and $475 million, consistent
with our commitment to invest in pipeline opportunities, both life cycle and novel new therapies. Going
into 2020, investment will be focused on delivering the next wave of high-value innovation, including
monoclonal antibody therapies for osteoarthritis pain in cats and dogs and new vaccines for poultry. We're
also investing in strategic areas of focus such as diagnostics, biodevices and precision livestock farming
and strategies to maximize the value of the continuum of care through integrated offerings.

Adjusted interest and other income deductions is expected to be approximately $215 million, with the
increase over 2019 driven by reduced royalty income as well as lower interest income. Our adjusted
effective tax rate for 2020 is expected to be in the range of 20% to 21%. The increase in 2020 is related
to the impact of favorable nonrecurring discrete items that occurred in 2019. Adjusted net income is
expected to be in the range of $1.865 billion to $1.915 billion, representing operational growth of 8% to
11%.

We remain committed to our value proposition of growing revenue in line with or faster than the market
and growing adjusted net income faster than revenue. However, as I've highlighted, growth in adjusted
net income in 2020 will be negatively impacted by the higher effective tax rate, the [ limited ] gross
margin expansion and strategic investments. For context, the higher effective tax rate in 2020 will
negatively impact our adjusted net income growth by approximately 300 basis points.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Consistent with 2019, we are anticipating elevated capital expenditures in 2020 to support investments in
manufacturing focused on

[Audio Gap]

capacity increases and facilities to support pipeline opportunities. We're also investing in information
technology to support our recent acquisitions as well as digital capabilities and data analytics.

We're also committed to our capital allocation priority of returning excess cash to shareholders that isn't
deployed internally or for business development opportunities. To that end, we recently announced a 22%
increase in our dividend, and we have approximately $1.7 billion remaining under our multiyear share
repurchase program after repurchasing approximately $625 million in Zoetis shares in 2019. Finally, we
expect adjusted diluted EPS to be in the range of $3.90 to $4 and reported diluted EPS to be in the range
of $3.53 to $3.65.

While our guidance represents full year expectations, we do anticipate Q1 to be slightly weaker in terms of
revenue with limited growth in adjusted net income due to the timing of the Simparica Trio launch and the
investment required to support the launch and recent acquisitions.

Now to summarize before we move to Q&A. 2019 was another exceptional year in which we delivered 10%
operational revenue growth and 14% operational growth in adjusted net income. Our guidance for 2020
underscores our ability to grow revenue organically well above the market and grow adjusted net income
faster than revenue. And our focus remains on delivering long-term shareholder value through disciplined
internal and external investments and returning excess cash to shareholders.
Now I'll hand things over to the operator to open the line for your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Louise Chen with Cantor Fitzgerald.

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

Congratulations on the quarter and 2020 guidance. My question for you is if you could provide more color
on the headwinds and tailwinds and the macro outlook for animal health in 2020.

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. As we talked about, the overall market for 2020 in animal health is projected to grow at 40 --
4% to 5%. Probably faster than that will be companion animal, as we've seen in previous years. As we
think about where Zoetis is coming in, we believe we'll grow faster than that market really driven by our
innovation. Obviously, we've given guidance around the excitement around Simparica Trio, our paras, our
derm portfolio. We see poultry growing faster than the market as well and Zoetis growing faster than the
market as well. We have some launches there as well as the portfolio we have in poultry to help raise no
antibiotics ever.

We see cattle returning to growth in 2020, albeit slower than the overall market. And we see Zoetis
probably growing in line with the market overall. And swine we see returning to growth as well in 2020
and Zoetis growing in line or faster. So as we see some of the headwinds, they'll remain innovation overall
as well as sort of a return to growth for livestock in general.

Thanks, Louise.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Jon Block with Stifel.

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I'll ask both upfront. You mentioned launching the Trio in Europe later this month. I guess anything you're
willing to share on price of Trio or positioning in the market? In other words, what you guys can do to
try to get any incremental revenue from the top 2 oral flea and tick products versus, call it, just partially
cannibalizing Simparica? And then, Glenn, what are you -- when I look at that 2020 guide, it seems like
revenue is certainly ahead. The adjusted interest expense was above expectations. I think you alluded to
less royalty income. What about just from a cash flow perspective? In other words, in the guide, is there
any assumed buyback or pay down of debt in there?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, John. I'll take the first and I'll let Glenn take the second question. We are expecting to be
launching -- commercial launch in Europe in a few markets. This month, we'll do a staged launch. So Italy,
Spain and the U.K. are launching these lines in Europe.

We are not first to the market, as many of you know, in Europe. There are other products in the market.
So to your point, it is a competitive position. We will be pricing, as we've spoken about before, at a
premium to Simparica overall. And really, as we look at the competitive side, it actually varies dramatically
in Europe by market with the different competitive products on the market overall.

We remain excited for approval in Q1 in the U.S. and plan to launch shortly thereafter. As is customary
and as we've spoken about in other product launches, probably 6 to 8 weeks after that. And in the U.S.,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

as we've spoken about, we should be first to market. Again, we'll plan to launch at a price premium to
Simparica but at a discount probably overall, if you look at it from the 2 products there.

We're focused very hard in the U.S. on gaining share. So we haven't gotten specific on overall pricing, but
it should be at a significant premium to Simparica today. But we haven't fully launched in the U.S., so our
pricing is not public yet in the U.S. So I'll let Glenn take the second question.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. From a revenue perspective, very excited about the expectations for revenue growth this year with
growth of 7% to 9.5%. And obviously, very excited about Simparica Trio as well.

In terms of the bottom line growth of the 8% to 11%, a little less of a differential from revenue than we
typically expect, a lot of that being driven by the impact of the tax rate change year-over-year. Accounting
for that impact, we have about another 300 basis point impact of growth at the bottom line. And also
foreign exchange was negatively impacting us in terms of adjusted net income, absolute number. And that
was about a 200 basis point negative impact from foreign exchange.

Specifically to your questions, there is no assumed payback or pay down of debt. And in terms of share
repurchase, the number of shares that we assume in our EPS by the shares ending as of the end of
December 2019.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Michael Ryskin with Bank of America.

Michael Leonidovich Ryskin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just sticking on the Trio to round out those set of questions. You've been talking about it for a while,
obviously, on the conference calls, and earlier this year in VMX we saw pretty significant presence from
you on the Trio. Have you seen any response from your competitors ahead of the launch in terms of either
stuffing the channel or giving any promotions with the SPECTRA product in Europe or even with the stand-
alone products in the U.S., taking any price actions or any combo or bundling actions in the U.S. to try to
get ahead of the March launch as vets stock up in the first quarter?

And then just on the same line, follow-up. What's your expectation for Trio impact on gross margins? Kris,
just following up on your comments on how it's priced. And obviously, you have the API component of
2 different drugs in there. So net-net, what's going to be the impact on gross margins in 2020 and then
even in the out-years as volume ramps from the Trio product?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks so much, Mike. This is the single biggest category in animal health or companion animal
parasiticides. So it is a highly competitive space. To exactly your point, it's a $4 billion market. In the U.S.
alone, it's $2.5 billion. So we are expecting a significant competitive response. This is a category that a lot
of people will defend. We would expect normal CapEx, obviously, trying to set the channels or sell in and
fill up the shelves as best they can. We're certainly backing some of them to look at pricing programs, but
we think there's significant excitement around the opportunity for triple in the U.S. We've certainly heard
it.

We did not, as you saw at VMX, we were not -- we didn't have approval on this product. So we were not
promoting this product at VMX, but there's a definite understanding that triple is coming from us. I think
customers are anticipating that and are very excited to have something new and innovative to share with
their customers. So I think we're expecting whatever you normally see in a competitive response.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

But this is a major category. So our plans for launch, our revenue guidance we provided was anticipating
a significant competitive response in this area overall. So I'll turn it over to Glenn to take the gross margin
implications on Trio.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. In terms of the impact on gross margin. For 2020, we expect it to be mildly beneficial to our overall
gross margin. Obviously, as time goes on and we become more efficient in the production or are operating
at full capacity, we do expect this to be a higher-margin product for us. And it will benefit our gross
margin over time as we move beyond 2020.

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Thanks, Mike.

Operator

Our next question is from Erin Wright with Crédit Suisse.

Erin Elizabeth Wilson Wright
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Can you give us an update on the diagnostic strategy at this point? Do you expect continued inorganic
activity in reference labs, both U.S. and globally? Or is it more of an organic build at this point? And can
you speak to some of the success you're seeing already in the bundling across the portfolio between
therapeutics and diagnostics?

And then separate question on stocking. Were there any stocking dynamics worth noting in the quarter?
And should we anticipate distributor stocking in the first or the second quarter for Simparica Trio? I guess
I just want to make sure we're thinking about the quarterly progression appropriately there.

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. I'll take Trio first. In Europe, we obviously did begin shipping in Europe to customers there, so
you will see some stocking in Q1 there. In Q2, it will depend on exact timing, but there could be some
shipments. Obviously, in Q1, it's too -- until we have an approval, as we said before, we won't be able to
get very specific. But we're discussing weeks here, and it just happens to be the timing in Q1. So it's hard
to give you an exact guidance.

But as you look at the $150 million guidance we gave you, assuming we're selling for 3 quarters of the
year. So there could be stocking, obviously. But back to the diagnostics strategy overall, we remain very
excited at diagnostics. For starters, it's a market growing at around 10% per year. So it's quite attractive.
It continues to also drive use of our therapeutics and preventatives, so it's exciting.

So we look -- as we look into 2020, we're looking for double-digit growth overall in Zoetis' diagnostics
portfolio both in the U.S. and abroad. We've spoken a lot about our point-of-care strategy. We're really
focused there on increasing placements as well as driving consumable use. As you look at the reference
lab strategy, we have made a number of BD deals over the last 3 or 4 months in the U.S. specifically.
These are small deals, as you've seen, but we're looking to build a network. This will be in the U.S., a lot
of organic builds from there, scaling the sites we have today, looking at some spoke sites as well. But
I think you will see some BD as we look to grow into International. So this will continue to be a mix of
organic and inorganic. But again, very focused on ROI. We don't see these as significant deals. Right now,
we're looking at a -- continuing to grow this over time, but great excitement.

If you look at sort of some of our excitement ending 2019 and moving into 2020, we've been leveraging
our FREEDOM FLEX program, which combines and offers opportunities across our core portfolio in
diagnostics and are very excited to add in reference lab into that opportunity as we look into 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

And Erin, just to add to the comments on the quarterly seasonalization of progression for Trio. As I
mentioned in the prepared remarks, we would expect significantly more sales in Q2 for Trio and really that
growing throughout the year. So when we look at the overall progression of revenue for the company, we
would expect Q1 to be slightly lower in terms of overall growth. And then because of the investments that
we're making in Q1 to support the launch of Trio as well as some other strategic investments, we'd expect
income to be relatively flat or to low single digits.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Kristin, can you just give us an update on the monoclonal products that you're talking about in cats and
dogs? Where does that stand from a regulatory standpoint? And do you think they could be notable
contributors in '21? Or is that more of a kind of a late-year launch event?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. In our Q2 2019 guidance, we indicated we had filed in both the EU and U.S. and we're expecting
approval in 2021. It is obviously too early for us to be terribly specific as these regulatory reviews, we
wish we could predict with that level of precision. So it's probably a little early to be able to say whether
or not we have sales in '21 or '22, but these would be the first labs reviewed by the FDA. So we want to
make sure we give them that over time, and we have less understanding of exactly how fast that will be,
but we continue to be very excited. As we've spoken about before, pain in cats is -- really, there are no
products today that adequately serve that market. So there's a lot of excitement as well as for the K9. So
when we have more information there, we're happy to provide it, but we remain excited.

Operator

Our next question is from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just 2 here. First on the reference lab and organic build in the U.S. from here. Just give us some sense
of how long you envision that taking to fully build out your network and portfolio in terms of when this
becomes, I guess, a bigger piece of the offering.

My second question was just on the gross margin dynamics in 2020. It seems like we have kind of mix
going in your favor with the growth in companion, yet I think the guidance is suggesting flat to slightly
declining gross margins. Just a little bit more color of what's happening there? And longer term, is it fair
to still think about gross margin improvements as we see that companion pipeline continuing to ramp over
time?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, Chris. I'll take the first question and Glenn can take the second. If you look at reference
labs build in the U.S., we think this is multiple years. We looked at scale in geographic. As we've talked
about, reference lab, given the importance of logistics in reference lab, it is an MSA-by-MSA market. And
we're very focused on doing this and making sure we scale the sites that we opened. So we do believe it
will take a number of years before we'll have a significant presence in the U.S.

I would say the same for International. It will be a buy-and-build. So to your point, I don't think this is
something you're going to see really be a significant player within the next 12 months, but we're very

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

excited about the long-term growth and scaling in the markets we've entered in and adding spokes there.
But I'll turn it over to Glenn to take the gross margin in 2020 and beyond question.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So in terms of gross margins. So stepping back to 2019, right, we benefited significantly from foreign
exchange in 2019 to the tune of about 120 basis points. As we move into 2020, that impact of FX turns
the other direction. We have approximately about a negative 50 basis point impact from foreign exchange
on gross margin in 2020. So that offsets some of the favorability that we're seeing, a, from price but also
from mix from a companion animal perspective.

The other thing we need to take into account is some of the acquisitions that we have completed.
Reference labs, in particular, and diagnostics, they do come in at a slower or lower gross margin. So that
offsets some of the mix favorability that we see from companion animal.

Over time, we do anticipate that we'll continue to see gross margin improvements driven by the
completion of our supply network strategy as well as from continued improvements in price. And to the
extent that companion animal continues to grow faster than livestock, that will benefit our margin.

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Thanks, Chris.

Operator

The next question is from Kathy Miner with Cowen and Company.

Kathleen Marie Miner
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Just one question. Could you comment on your China business? Will you more specifically give us some
color for the fourth quarter? And also how you see the coronavirus impacting both business and your
outlook for African Swine Fever?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. I'll start on corona, and then I'll let Glenn get more into specifics of our performance and 2019
expectations. As everyone is watching, the coronavirus obviously emerging very quickly in the sense of,
certainly, the news overnight. As we look at our business right now, it's probably too early to tell exactly
what the impact will be, but let me talk a little bit about some of the risks that we're watching.

First is just an overall economic slowdown, which is already driving some reduced overall consumption in
animal protein. As we've seen, some of the hardest hit markets are hospitality and travel. So without that,
there's a number of people obviously not eating protein. So it should affect consumption a little bit. How
long this lasts will really impact whether or not that's a significant driver or not.

There's obviously some commercial risks. Many of our field are not able to get out to veterinarians, and
many pet owners are not currently bringing their pets to veterinarians, giving some of the quarantine. But
if quarantines lift or as that emerges, we'll watch that.

We're obviously watching our supply chain. We do have a number of MSA -- sorry, APIs or active
pharmaceutical ingredients that are produced in China for the world. We're very confident with most of
them that we have adequate supply multiple months. So even if the port did shut down, we should be fine
unless that wasn't extended. The ports are still open and they are still shipping. So we don't see, right
now, at the moment, any impact to our overall supply chain. We'll continue to monitor this. Obviously,
last year, the big impact was ASF, which we did see either flattening or returning to growth in China. But
obviously, that will be subject to the ability to continue to move both feed around China as well as animal
proteins. So it's a little earlier to tell. But I hope that gives you a sense of some of the issues that we're

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

tracking to get a sense. But it remains a significant market. I'll let Glenn sort of talk about performance
and expectations for China overall.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. When you look at China overall, I'll start with the full year, and then talk a little bit about Q4. But
China for full year 2019 was about $200 million in revenue, which was essentially flat to the prior year,
which is pretty impressive performance considering the impact of African Swine Fever, which we estimate
to be greater than $50 million in 2019. That was really driven by rapid growth in companion animal.
Companion animal now represents more than 50% of the overall revenue in China and is growing very
rapidly.

So the market performed very well even in the challenges of African Swine Fever. And I think you saw
some of that, particularly in Q4 where we saw 10% growth in China in Q4 on an operational perspective,
even with a negative $11 million impact from African Swine Fever.

Operator

The next question is from David Westenberg with Guggenheim Securities.

David Michael Westenberg
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Congrats on a good quarter. So your competitor -- one of the largest competitors in diagnostics has
historically spent 3 or 4x the amount on R&D versus Abaxis. In order to close the competitive gap, do you
think it simply requires scaling? Or do you think that you need to actually close the R&D gap longer term?
And then to sticking with diagnostics, with the acquisitions in reference lab, what kind of safeguards in
place do you have to make sure that your sales force remains focused on selling your products with such a
wide product bag?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, David. So with your first question, I'm not sure -- I know that there's a number of reports
out on R&D, versus IDEXX, versus Zoetis. We have significant investments in R&D in our diagnostics
portfolio, so I don't think we're looking at any incremental spending to close any perceived innovation or
R&D gap there.

As you remember, part of diagnostics has always been a core part of how we even develop the products
we develop today, making sure that we can diagnose the diseases that we create treatments for. So
we remain very confident in our R&D spend and the percentage of it dedicated to diagnostics, and see
significant synergies from an R&D perspective between our core portfolio of medicines, vaccines, et cetera,
with diagnostics. So no, we don't see that.

As we look at the field force, we actually, again, we like to be solution selling, as we've spoken about. So
we don't want to talk about a wellness visit, of which diagnostics is a role. If we need to -- if we're looking
to place new instruments or sign up somebody on a new reference lab offering, we bring in specialists,
diagnostic specialists to do that. And then we have diagnostics technical specialists who come in and
maintain that equipment. So we do not believe it's distracting at all. We do believe once you place that
equipment that our core representatives and strategic account managers can really help drive consumable
use as they talk about a wellness visit and how they can combine looking at vaccines, preventatives and
doing wellness screening in diagnostics. So we think it's actually quite synergistic. And we have experts
that come in to sort of help line focused sales and replacement of new equipment as well as in reference
labs. So no, we don't see that as a big challenge.

Operator

We'll take our next question from David Risinger with Morgan Stanley.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Congrats, Kristin, to a very nice start to your new role as CEO. I wanted to just get a little bit better
understanding of the finalization of the Simparica Trio approval. So what needs to be done at this point? I
know that you're highly confident that it's imminent, but what steps need to take place? And then I believe
that you mentioned that you'll wait 6 to 8 weeks after the approval to launch. And could you just explain
that? I would have expected the launch to come much more quickly after the approval, given that it's
highly anticipated.

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. I'll let Glenn take some of the specific details there.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So in terms of the Simparica Trio approval, as we said, we're in an administrative review period. All
the technical sections are complete. So we're just awaiting final response from the regulators at this point
in time.

In terms of the time frame, it's 6 to 8 weeks from approval to launch. That's pretty typical within the
industry. There are a number of things that need to occur. You need to find a label. You need to complete
packaging of the product. You need to make sure you're building up the appropriate launch quantity.
Obviously, we're doing that every day, and we're looking to minimize that time of a 6- to 8-week period,
but that is very typical within the industry in terms of approval to launch based on the activities that need
to occur post approval.

Operator

Next question is from Gregg Gilbert with SunTrust.

Gregory B. Gilbert
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

First back to ASF. Kristin, has your thinking changed at all in terms of the overall impact of ASF and when
that impact will begin to abate? And then Glenn, can you talk about how much growth you're factoring in
for the derm portfolio in 2020? And maybe comment bigger picture on what inning you think we're in, in
terms of realizing global peak sales for that portfolio?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, Greg. I'll start with ASF. We do think it's -- the overall impact based on what we know today
is leveling out in China. The real question is how fast will they rebuild the herds in China and how will
China overall meet its animal consumption demand? So as we sort of see it, as we've talked a little bit, we
do think in China specifically, you'll see flat to low single-digit growth in our pork business there. I think
you'll slowly see some of the more innovative, technologically advanced industrialized production starts
with very strong biosecurity. You're starting to see some signs of this, but it's in fits and starts, and it's a
little hard right now with corona to understand how fast that will really evolve.

But I think if you look at the broader impact of African Swine Fever, they are going to need to feed their
people even if consumption is a little bit down. So I think you're going to see the impact of African Swine
Fever in countries like the Brazil, the U.S. and EU as they look to meet that demand. There's been a little
volatility, obviously, given corona and core prices more recently, but overall, they've been trending up.
This will encourage producers to raise more pigs, raise heavier pigs. We are seeing significant increases
in exports, at least in the U.S., already in Brazil into China. So I think you'll see that, which is one of the,
we believe, the drivers of why we said we think livestock overall across species will return to growth in
2020 because China will either have to feed their population. Some will come from internal, but they will

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

need significant imports into China, and that will continue to come from Brazil, the U.S. and the EU, both
in pork, but we're also seeing potential opportunities in both poultry and beef.

I'll let Glenn take the second question, on derm growth.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. In terms of derm growth. So just looking back at 2019, a really strong year for the derm portfolio in
2019. We grew 29% operationally, U.S. growing 25% and International growing 38%. We'd expect to have
continued growth in 2020, not to that level as we're working off of a higher base. But the areas that we
expect to see growth, a, International. We expect International to continue to outpace the U.S. in terms
of growth just because currently, the mix of the revenue between U.S. and International is about 2/3 U.S.,
1/3 International, although the number of medicalized dogs is pretty much equivalent between the 2. So
we would expect to gain market share in International as vets get more and more comfortable with the
products internationally. And the U.S. has had the advantage of direct-to-consumer advertising, which is
not available in all international markets.

From a U.S. perspective, we continue to see opportunity in terms of continuing to expand the market,
continuing to expand the usage into acute patients. And we do expect to continue to get price in the
U.S. as well. So we see 2020 as being another year of growth for the derm portfolio. But as the portfolio
continues to mature, the pace of growth will slow.

Operator

The next question is from Navin Jacob with UBS.

Prakhar Agrawal
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

This is Prakhar Agrawal on behalf of Navin. My first question is on the long-term opportunity for Simparica
Trio. In the parasiticide space, the switch from topical stools was quite significant at greater than 70%.
So do you think this switch is a good analog for how much share could be switched over from the doublet
to the triplet class? Or are we missing any dynamic? And secondly, on your Alpha Flux vaccine, do you
have plans to launch this vaccine in Norway as well? And could you frame the market opportunity for this
vaccine?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. I'll start with the first one, and then I'll let Glenn take the second one. So if you look at the long-
term opportunity for Trio, that would be significant. As we talked about, it is the single largest category in
companion animal and certainly overall. It's a highly competitive category as well. So we're very excited.
We think that we will gain share as we think about the $150 million incremental for 2020. The assumption
in that overall is we do not have competition in the U.S. in that year. It is already, obviously, competitive
space in many markets outside the U.S.

We think we'll get a movement, obviously, from some from OTC. We think we'll certainly see some
cannibalization that we've spoken about from Simparica, but we also think it will take from some of the
other orals in the market overall. So I'm not sure that a switch from topical to oral is necessarily the best
overall proxy. And part of the long-term opportunity for Trio will also depend on our label versus the label
of potential other competitors that come to the market as well as the distance between our launch and
their launch.

I know the favorite question is what are we expecting as a competitor. As you know, in our space,
there's very little information available as one of those is a private company and the other one does not
disclose. So at the moment, we believe we'll be the only product on in the U.S. in 2020, and that is part
of the assumption on the $150 million. But the longer we are, the greater the opportunity to gain share
overall. We continue to see this as a significant innovation for both the pet owner and the vet and a lot of
excitement around it. So we'll be investing significantly in that.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

I'll turn it over to Glenn a little bit on Alpha Max.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So in terms of the fish portfolio for Q4, we saw very strong growth at 17%. And Alpha Flux was a key
contributor to that growth in the quarter, particularly in Chile. There is already a similar product on the
market in Norway, so that would not be an incremental opportunity in terms of launching a new product in
Norway.

As we look into 2020, we continue to see the fish portfolio growing. There may be some limitation in terms
of the number of salmon available to treat based on certain regulations, but we still see fish as a rapidly
growing species for us in 2020.

Operator

Next question is from Elliot Wilbur with Raymond James.

Elliot Henry Wilbur
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

First question for Kristin. I just want to ask you about longer-term R&D investment at the midpoint of the
guide for 2020. On a percentage basis, guidance would have you coming in below 7%. And that number
has trended down on a revenue basis, last couple of years, obviously, you've enjoyed strong growth.
But as you think about driving -- or the need to invest to really drive more innovation, is a sub-7% R&D
investment ratio sustainable? Or should we expect that to increase perhaps as we start to see the top line
decelerate a little bit in the next couple of years?

Just a quick follow-up for Glenn. You mentioned the lower gross margin profile of the diagnostic
businesses. But as we think about modeling segment margins, I would also presume that on an operating
income basis, those businesses also have lower margins, but I want to confirm that.

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, Elliot. On long-term R&D investment, we look every year at the portfolio of opportunities
and innovation that we have ahead of us and invest based on where we see those opportunities. It
does fluctuate a little bit year-to-year. It's been growing, I think, faster than our overall SG&A. Not
necessarily always at revenue growth. We are -- we've, I think, made very strong investments. And if we
see opportunities, we're more than happy to increase that R&D investment and have done so, certainly
quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. But we are confident that the spend around where we are again, you
should expect fluctuations year-to-year based on opportunities.

Some of these studies can, especially in livestock, when you move them, they can drive significant cost
year-to-year. But we are very confident that we have the right level of spend to drive our value proposition
of significant top line growth at or faster than the market long term in what we've provided overall. I'll see
if Glenn wants to add anything to that and if he can take the second question.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So in terms of the question on operating margins for diagnostics. So gross margins will be lower over
the long period of time for diagnostics. However, when you look at operating margin, obviously, right now,
we're in the build phase, so it's a little lower than our overall business. But as we progress, and over the
next number of years, with the ability to leverage our commercial infrastructure, we do see the operating
margins for diagnostics coming very close to our core portfolio as well.

Operator

Next question is from Balaji Prasad with Barclays.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Balaji V. Prasad
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So a couple of questions on the poultry side. One, Kristin, you spoke about your competitors at efficacy
and supply challenges in the quarter. What -- can you throw some more light on what were these
challenges and how prolonged do you think this could be? And for 2020, would you still have been able to
grow faster than market if these dislocations did not exist?

Secondly, could you also throw some light on the market opportunity for vector vaccines? And how should
we think about the portfolio and revenue ramp from this segment?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. I'll let Glenn take these.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So in terms of the poultry, I would say, this year, we had very strong performance in poultry. We
grew 10% for the year globally in poultry. And we see 2020 as being another very positive year for poultry
growing much faster than the overall market and with our portfolio continuing to outpace the market.

In terms of the vector vaccines, in 2019, we launched our first vector vaccine. That really set the stage
for us from an R&D perspective to continue to develop more and more vaccines over the next number
of years for those to become a bigger section of our portfolio. And we do see poultry continuing to be a
rapidly growing market, and we'll continue to invest in our R&D for that market.

Operator

Next question is from Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Just 2 quick ones on diagnostics. You talked about double-digit revenue growth in 2020. Could you just
maybe help us think about how much of the contribution you expect from the -- through reference lab
deals that you've done? And what you're kind of expecting for organic growth kind of ex those deals? And
then, Glenn, I think you mentioned reference lab being a drag on margins, gross margins in 2020. Could
you maybe just give us some sense of magnitude and help us kind of get a better picture of what you're
expecting for margins for the underlying business?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. I'll take the first. Obviously, if you look at diagnostics overall, to be clear, we're expecting double-
digit growth in our core point-of-care Zoetis diagnostics. That's not being driven by reference lab.
Reference lab would be incremental to that. It's, again, I want to emphasize, still a pretty significant --
small part of our overall portfolio in the U.S. But we are expecting double-digit growth in both the U.S.
and in International in the point-of-care space, but I'll let Glenn talk a little bit more about gross margin
overall on diagnostics.

Glenn C. David
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. From a gross margin perspective, again, overall, on diagnostics, as we are expecting rapid growth in
that area, it will be a negative driver of our overall gross margins as those products tend to be of a lower
gross margin profile.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

When you look at the overall EPS impact, particularly to your question on reference labs, reference labs
in 2020 is about a negative $0.03 to $0.04 impact on our overall EPS based on the investments we're
making to grow that business for the future.

Operator

The next question is from Kevin Ellich with Ace Research.

Kevin Ellich;Ace Research;Founder and Managing Partner

So a lot of my questions have been asked, but just wanted to see if you could provide a little bit more
detail on what you're doing in the digital and data analytics? And when we could see some material impact
from those initiatives?

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, Kevin. The digital and data analytics, obviously, is an important strategy of the company.
It's 1 of our 5 priorities as we move into 2020. I've introduced 2 components of that. One is leveraging
digital and data to drive greater sales of our core business. So that's really focused around better
targeting our customers, providing more personalized and customized solutions to them, so leveraging the
data we have to better understand how they operate their business, what products will be most attractive,
what offers would be most attractive to them. So I think that will -- that's already in place. And I think
we're doing a very strong job both in the U.S. and International of leveraging some of those capabilities to
drive our core business.

We also see that opportunity in both pet care and livestock to create new revenue-generating solutions.
Some of that on the pet care side will be around overall diagnostic opportunities and linking those
opportunities to our core portfolio and providing incremental insights to our customers.

In livestock, that remains as well around both our genetics portfolio as well as our precision livestock
farming, which we see as a significant growth driver for us in the medium to long term. I think if you
look at both consumer preferences and where the industry is moving, it's moving more to individualized
animal care. So solutions, such as what we have with Smartbow, which is ear tags for dairy cattle and
better understanding the health and the productivity aspects of animals, individual animals and helping
producers and veterinarians make better decisions in the short term is an opportunity. And as we link that
to both our genetics business, which is -- you can also predict which animals will be born healthier and will
have a better productivity, and then we see in the medium term the opportunity to link that as well to our
diagnostics and really provide both veterinarians, producers and consumers with better understanding and
better health for animals. So we think this will help drive our business.

As we see some of those, as you saw, are more short-term opportunities, some are more medium term.
And then as you think about the connection between all 3: genetics, precision livestock data and our core
portfolio in diagnostics, that's probably more in the medium to long term.

Operator

Next question is a follow-up from Michael Ryskin with Bank of America.

Michael Leonidovich Ryskin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just had a quick one that keeps coming up, so I appreciate you squeezing me in. I've had a lot of
questions on products coming off IP or potential generic competition or others. You talked a little bit about
no expectation for a competitor, Simparica Trio, for example. But I was wondering if you have anything --
any expectations or any thoughts about a competing product in the derm portfolio in the U.S.? And also
products like DRAXXIN haven't had actions on IP rolling off there for a while. So I'm just curious if you're
seeing anything there? Or sort of what your expectations for that for 2020?

Kristin C. Peck

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

CEO & Director

Sure. As we look to start with derm, we obviously have a very significant market for dermatology. We
have been expecting competition will enter at some point. Based again in our industry, there's not great
data. So I can't tell you exactly when a competitor will launch. We are obviously planning for a competitor
to launch in the next 1 to 3 years. Exactly when that will be will be difficult for us to fully assess. But we
do expect a potential small or large molecule entry. We don't know exactly when that will be, but we have
put plans in place to prepare for that. Overall, it's a key focus for us.

And for DRAXXIN, we still have patent protections through 2021. This is a significant market. So we again
here expect we will see competition when that does get -- when its exclusivity runs out, that's a significant
market. But as we said, what's different about animal health and human health is even though we'll see
obvious competition, we still think, in our business, that normally has an impact between 20% and 40%
both in terms of market share and price over a number of years. So we do expect, obviously, a challenge
in 2021 or 2022 on DRAXXIN.

Operator

And it appears we have no further questions. I'll return the floor to you, Kristin, for closing remarks.

Kristin C. Peck
CEO & Director

All right. Well, thanks very much for -- I appreciate all the great questions today. And if you've got any
further questions, you let us know. Thanks so much.

Operator
And this will conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and
have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

ZOETIS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

