AbbVie Inc. NYSE:ABBV
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, July 30, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

3.03

3.11

Revenue  (mm)

13636.36

13959.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-30-2021 1:46 PM GMT

2.64

2.37

3.16

12.60

-

13.85

14249.25

55770.69

50087.70

59506.27

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.77

2.85

2.83

3.03

2.83

2.92

2.95

3.11

2.17 %

2.46 %

4.24 %

2.64 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Elizabeth Shea
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Jeffrey Ryan Stewart
Executive VP & Chief Commercial
Officer

Laura J. Schumacher
Vice Chairman of External Affairs,
Chief Legal Officer & Corporate
Secretary

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

Robert A. Michael
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Andrew Simon Baum
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Christopher Joseph Raymond
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Daniel James Busby
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Gary Jay Nachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Securities, Research Division

Geoffrey Craig Porges
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Luisa Caroline Hector
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

Vamil Kishore Divan
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the AbbVie Second Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to introduce Ms. Liz Shea, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may proceed.

Elizabeth Shea
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman
of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Severino, Vice Chairman and President; Rob Michael,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President,
Commercial Operations. Joining us for the Q&A portion of the call is Laura Schumacher, Vice Chairman of
External Affairs, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary.

Before we get started, I'll remind you that some statements we make today may be considered forward-
looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions
that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results
to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about
these risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update
these forward-looking statements, except as required by law.

On today's conference call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand
AbbVie's business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP
financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our
website.

Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth is on a comparable basis, which includes
full current year and historical results for Allergan. For this comparison of underlying performance, all
historically reported Allergan revenues have been recast to conform to AbbVie's revenue recognition
accounting policies and exclude the divestitures of ZENPEP and VIOKACE. References to operational
growth further exclude the impact of exchange. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions.

So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Rick.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll discuss our second
quarter performance and outlook. And then Jeff, Mike and Rob will review our business highlights, pipeline
progress and financial results in more detail.

AbbVie delivered another excellent quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $3.11, exceeding the
midpoint of our guidance by $0.04. Total adjusted net revenues of nearly $14 billion were up 19.3% on a
comparable operational basis, approximately $375 million ahead of our expectations.

These results demonstrate our strong and balanced performance across each of our major growth
franchises, including double-digit comparable operational revenue growth from immunology, hem/onc,
neuroscience and aesthetics.

Looking at the most recent trends, the vast majority of our portfolio is well into the recovery phase from
the pandemic. In immunology, we continue to see strong recovery across the rheum, derm and gastro
segments with positive trends across all key indicators, including new patient starts. SKYRIZI and RINVOQ
continue to ramp nicely in their initial indications, with both products demonstrating robust double-digit
sequential revenue growth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

In neuroscience, VRAYLAR is demonstrating strong new prescription volume in the atypical antipsychotic
market and the launch of UBRELVY, the leading oral CGRP for acute migraine, continues to exceed our
expectations.

Aesthetics continues to perform well above pre-COVID levels, exceeding our internal expectations. We're
pleased with the rapid market growth in both toxins and fillers driven by our increased promotional
resources globally, brand strength and COVID-related pent-up demand. Rapid global market demand is
expected to remain well above historical levels in the near to medium term. and we are raising our full
year guidance once again for aesthetics.

While the recovery across the AbbVie portfolio is going very well in aggregate, in certain disease areas like
CLL and HCV, we continue to see a residual impact from the pandemic. We expect these specialty areas to
further recover as the year progresses.

One of AbbVie's greatest strengths is the dedication and engagement of our people. Across AbbVie,
the majority of our employees have safely returned to the workplace, and our field teams are now
predominantly conducting live engagements with physicians and customers where protocols and guidelines
permit. I'm extremely proud of the teamwork and collaboration our people have demonstrated throughout
this pandemic to bring our medicines to patients and keep our business performing at a strong level.

As an organization, we have also made a tremendous amount of progress with the Allergan transaction
and integration. We just recently completed our first full year as a combined company, which I'd say has
gone exceptionally well. We're tracking well against the operational and financial commitments we outlined
at the time of the transaction with accretion performing above our original projections.

But I'm particularly pleased with the robust revenue performance that we've been able to drive since
acquiring Allergan, with 2021 sales tracking to grow significantly faster than legacy Allergan's historical
performance. Our results continue to show that we have created a stronger and much more diverse
company, with numerous products within our newly combined portfolio delivering robust growth.

Based on the continued strong momentum of our business in the quarter and our progress year-to-date,
we are once again raising our full year 2021 EPS guidance. We now expect adjusted earnings per share of
$12.52 to $12.62, reflecting growth of 19% at the midpoint. Our strong performance allows us to continue
to fully invest in the business for long-term growth. As you'll hear from Mike momentarily, we continue to
make excellent progress across all stages of our research and development programs.

In closing, I'm extremely pleased with our performance in the quarter and with our continued strong
momentum of the business, which has positioned us well for the remainder of 2021 and many years to
come.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for additional comments on our commercial highlights. Jeff?

Jeffrey Ryan Stewart
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Thank you, Rick. I'll start with immunology, which delivered global revenues of more than $6.1 billion,
reflecting growth of 13.8% on an operational basis. SKYRIZI and RINVOQ continue to have significant
impact on AbbVie's growth and performance, contributing more than $1 billion in combined sales this
quarter.

SKYRIZI global revenues were up 17.4% on a sequential basis, reflecting increasing market share globally.
In the U.S., SKYRIZI continues to perform well and has maintained its leading in-play psoriasis patient
share, which includes both new and switching patients, at approximately 34%. SKYRIZI's total prescription
share capture is now approaching 20%, second only to Humira. Internationally, SKYRIZI has achieved in-
play patient share leadership in 13 markets, including Canada, France and Japan.

RINVOQ is also demonstrating robust growth with global sales up nearly 25% on a sequential basis. We
continue to see in-play patient share of approximately 15% in the U.S. RA market where physician and
patient feedback remain very positive on RINVOQ's strong benefit risk profile. Internationally, RINVOQ

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

access and share continue to ramp nicely in RA with in-play market leadership now in half a dozen key
countries.

We are also making excellent progress with the regulatory approval and commercial launch of PsA and
AS across several OUS countries. And we look forward to the approval and commercialization of RINVOQ
in atopic dermatitis later this year, following the recent CHMP positive opinion for both the 15- and 30-
milligram doses.

Humira global sales were approximately $5.1 billion, up 3.6% on an operational basis with continued high
single-digit revenue growth in the U.S., offset by biosimilar competition across the international markets
where revenues were down 12.6% on an operational basis.

In hematologic oncology, sales were approximately $1.8 billion, up 13.2% on an operational basis. AbbVie
maintains a strong leadership position in CLL with a combined portfolio, including both IMBRUVICA and
VENCLEXTA, new patient share of approximately 42% and total patient share of approximately 72%
across all lines of therapy.

IMBRUVICA global revenues were approximately $1.4 billion, up 7.2%. In the U.S., performance continues
to be impacted by lower new patient starts in CLL, which remain below pre-COVID levels as well as
increasing competitive dynamics from newer therapies, including VENCLEXTA and other BTK inhibitors.

VENCLEXTA sales increased 38.3% on an operational basis with strong demand across all approved
indications. We're particularly pleased with the performance in AML, with robust share in the U.S. and
increasing momentum internationally following recent approvals in the EU and Asia.

In neuroscience, revenues were more than $1.4 billion, up 29.6% on a comparable operational basis.
We continue to see strong momentum with VRAYLAR, which recently achieved multiple all-time highs in
weekly prescriptions and market share. VRAYLAR revenues of $432 million were up more than 25% on a
comparable operational basis.

And UBRELVY once again delivered robust results. Sales of our leading acute migraine treatment were
$126 million, exceeding our expectations. Feedback from physicians remains very positive, highlighting
UBRELVY rapid and sustained pain relief, safety, convenient and flexible dosing profile and overall
commercial access. UBRELVY is now capturing roughly 9% of new prescriptions in the large acute migraine
market with more than 1 million cumulative total prescriptions since the launch. We continue to believe
there is substantial room for long-term growth in this rapidly expanding acute market based on unmet
need and strong patient demand.

In migraine prevention, we've also been planning and preparing for the forthcoming regulatory approval
and commercial launch of atogepant, our oral CGRP for episodic migraine. We are very encouraged with
the efficacy profile of atogepant, including reduction in migraine days versus placebo as well as the overall
percentage of responder rates in patients. Now the launch of atogepant will be supported by our existing
migraine sales force with commercial access expected to ramp strongly. We remain on track for a U.S.
regulatory decision in September.

BOTOX Therapeutic continues to perform well across nearly a dozen medical indications with a total sales
of $603 million, up more than 38% on an operational basis. In chronic migraine, BOTOX Therapeutic
remains a foundational prevention treatment and the clear branded leader in new patient starts.

Lastly, in our other therapeutic areas, we saw significant contribution from eye care, which had revenues
of $919 million, up 24.1% on a comparable operational basis. MAVYRET sales were $442 million, up
13.9% on an operational basis, although treated patient volumes remain suppressed versus pre-COVID
levels. And we also saw double-digit comparable operational revenue growth for both Creon and Linzess.

So overall, I'm pleased with the momentum of our therapeutic portfolio, which is demonstrating a strong
recovery as well as our progress with new recent product launches.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for additional comments on our R&D programs. Mike?

Michael E. Severino

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Vice Chairman & President

Thank you, Jeff. I'll start with immunology where we had several notable pipeline events in the quarter.

In the area of inflammatory bowel disease, we reported positive top line results from the Phase III
maintenance studies for RINVOQ in ulcerative colitis and SKYRIZI in Crohn's disease.

In the RINVOQ UC maintenance study, both the 15- and 30-milligram doses met the primary and all
secondary endpoints at week 52. In the induction portion of the program, RINVOQ demonstrated a very
strong impact on the disease. And the results from this maintenance study demonstrate that patients
continuing treatment with RINVOQ maintain high levels of clinical remission, clinical response and
endoscopic improvement at the 1-year mark. In fact, maintenance treatment with either dose of RINVOQ
resulted in some of the highest rates of remission and endoscopic improvements seen in UC clinical
studies. With the 30-milligram RINVOQ dose, 52% of patients achieved clinical remission, 62% achieved
endoscopic improvement, 49% achieved histologic endoscopic mucosal improvement and 68% achieved
steroid-free remission.

We are very pleased with how RINVOQ performed from a safety perspective as well. In this maintenance
study, the exposure adjusted event rates for overall adverse events, including serious and severe events,
were higher in the placebo group than in either RINVOQ dose group. Additionally, the exposure adjusted
rates for MACE, VTE and malignancies, excluding non-melanoma skin cancer, were comparable between
RINVOQ group and placebo. These results provide further evidence that RINVOQ has the potential to
become a highly effective therapy for patients with moderate-to-severe ulcerative colitis.

We're also nearing completion of the Crohn's disease program for RINVOQ and expect to see data
from the first Phase III induction study later this year. Results from the second induction study and the
maintenance study are expected in the first half of next year with regulatory submissions also anticipated
in 2022.

We also saw very impressive results from SKYRIZI in the maintenance phase of our Crohn's disease
program, particularly with the 360-milligram maintenance dose, which met the co-primary endpoints of
clinical remission and endoscopic response versus the withdrawal arm at week 52. Importantly, when
we look at the most stringent endpoints, we see strong separation between SKYRIZI 360 milligrams and
control with the response rates of 39% for endoscopic remission and 29% for deep remission compared to
13% and 10% for the withdrawal group at week 52.

We remain on track to submit our regulatory applications for RINVOQ in UC and SKYRIZI in Crohn's in the
coming months.

In the quarter, we also announced updates regarding our regulatory applications for RINVOQ in atopic
dermatitis, psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis. In June, RINVOQ received a positive CHMP
opinion in Europe, recommending both the 15-milligram and 30-milligram doses in moderate-to-severe
atopic dermatitis. This CHMP opinion puts us on track for European approval in August. When approved,
atopic dermatitis will be the fourth indication for RINVOQ in Europe.

Regarding our supplemental NDAs in the U.S., we recently announced that we were notified by the FDA
that they would not meet our PDUFA action dates for RINVOQ in psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis
and atopic dermatitis, which were in late June for psoriatic arthritis and AS and mid-July for atopic
dermatitis. The agency cited their ongoing review of the tofacitinib oral surveillance study, indicating that
they needed more time to complete their reviews of the data.

The FDA has not requested any additional safety analysis for RINVOQ since the PDUFA dates were missed.
While there are no new action dates, based on our discussions with the agency, we expect decisions on
our regulatory applications in the next few months following completion of the agency's review of the
tofacitinib oral surveillance data. We remain confident in the benefit risk profile for RINVOQ across all
indications, and we'll continue to work with the FDA to bring RINVOQ to market in these new disease
areas.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

In our early-stage immunology pipeline, we recently began 2 new trials for ABBV-154, our TNF steroid
conjugate. We initiated a definitive dose-ranging study in patients with RA and also started our Phase II
study in polymyalgia rheumatica. Later this year, we expect to begin the Phase II study for 154 in Crohn's
disease.

Also in the quarter, we completed the induction stage of a Phase II proof-of-concept study evaluating
Ravagalimab in ulcerative colitis patients. While this CD40 antagonist demonstrated greater efficacy
compared to historical control, the efficacy results did not meet our prespecified criteria. As a result, we
will not be advancing Ravagalimab in ulcerative colitis.

In oncology, we continue to make good progress across all stages of our pipeline. At the recent ASCO and
EHA meetings, data were presented from the GLOW and CAPTIVATE studies, evaluating a fixed-duration
IMBRUVICA and VENCLEXTA regimen in CLL patients. Results from these 2 studies demonstrated that
the all-oral, fixed-duration IMBRUVICA plus VENCLEXTA regimen has the potential to provide deeper and
more durable remission and extend progression-free survival as a frontline treatment across the spectrum
of age and fitness status for CLL patients. We plan to submit these data to regulatory agencies and look
forward to bringing this new fixed-duration treatment option to CLL patients once approved.

Earlier this month, we received a Breakthrough Therapy Designation for VENCLEXTA in combination with
azacitidine for previously untreated high-risk MDS patients based on the strong data demonstrated thus
far in our ongoing Phase Ib study. We expect to see final results from this study in the coming months
and plan to discuss the data with regulators regarding the potential to support an accelerated approval for
VENCLEXTA in MDS.

Also in the quarter, we saw interim results from a Phase I study evaluating the BCMA CD3 bispecific
antibody, TNB-383B, in multiple myeloma patients who have received at least 3 prior lines of therapy. 383
performed very well as a monotherapy in these heavily pretreated patients, demonstrating an objective
response rate of nearly 80% and a very good partial response or better rate of 63% and a complete
response rate of nearly 30% at doses greater than 40 milligrams in the dose escalation cohort. Based
on these promising results, we exercised our right to acquire TNB-383B from Teneobio. We expect the
transaction to close in the coming months, and we'll provide more information on our development plan
for 383 in multiple myeloma later this year. This is a highly competitive area. But based on the data to
date, we believe this BCMA CD3 bispecific has the potential to be differentiated on efficacy, safety and
dosing interval and could be best-in-class as both a monotherapy and combination therapy across lines of
treatment in multiple myeloma.

We continue to make good progress with the navitoclax program in myelofibrosis, which consists of
randomized Phase III trials in both the frontline and relapsed/refractory setting as well as a single-arm
Phase II study. Based on feedback from the FDA, we intend to submit our regulatory application with
randomized Phase III data, together with the Phase II trial results. We expect the Phase III data readout
and regulatory submissions in the second half of 2022 with navitoclax approval in myelofibrosis anticipated
in 2023.

In neuroscience, we recently completed the Phase II proof-of-concept studies for 2 assets, Elezanumab
in multiple sclerosis and ABBV-8E12 in Alzheimer's disease. In their respective studies, neither asset met
the efficacy endpoints of the trial, and we will be discontinuing the development of Elezanumab in MS and
8E12 in Alzheimer's disease.

Given the enormous unmet need in Alzheimer's disease, we remain committed to finding disease-
modifying therapies, and we continue to pursue a range of approaches. We have several additional
programs that are either in the clinic today or are in preclinical development. These include programs that
modulate the neuroinflammatory response in Alzheimer's disease, such as our TREM2 and CD33 programs
that are both in clinical development, and programs that target pathologic TAL through novel mechanisms,
such as approaches that target intracellular aggregates for clearance that are in preclinical development.

Following the accelerated approval of aducanumab in the U.S. there has been an increased focus on A
beta directed programs. We have monitored this area closely over the last several years. And based on
all of the available data, we believe there is a continued opportunity for an A beta directed monoclonal

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

antibody that clears plaque more rapidly than existing agents with a reduced risk of amyloid-related
imaging abnormalities, or ARIA. We have profiled a number of A beta antibodies preclinically, and we have
a candidate with the potential to meet these requirements. We expect to introduce this candidate into the
clinic by the end of this year or early next year.

Also in neuroscience, we're nearing completion of our registrational program for ABBV-951 in advanced
Parkinson's disease. We recently completed an interim analysis in the first of 2 Phase III studies were our
subcutaneous levodopa/carbidopa delivery system demonstrated safety and efficacy comparable to DUOPA
after 6 months of treatment. The primary objective of this trial was safety, but efficacy was also evaluated
as secondary endpoints. In this analysis, 951 performed very well, demonstrating a 52% reduction in
normalized off-time and a 41% increase in normalized on-time without troublesome dyskinesia. Patients
also benefited from 951's 24-hour continuous levodopa/carbidopa infusion, with patients experiencing
substantial benefits in sleep and reduction in morning off-time. Full data from the 6-month interim
analysis will be presented at a medical meeting later this year. Data from a second Phase III study are
expected in the fourth quarter with our regulatory submissions anticipated later this year or early next
year.

And lastly, in eye care, at the recent meeting for the American Society for Cataract and Refractive Surgery,
we presented results from the Phase III GEMINI 1 study, evaluating our topical eye drop, AGN-190584,
for the treatment of symptoms associated with presbyopia. In this study, 584 demonstrated improved
near vision without impacting distance vision with a rapid onset of action within 15 minutes and sustained
vision improvements for up to 6 hours. 584 has the potential to be a convenient, on-demand solution for
patients with mild-to-moderate presbyopia, and we look forward to an approval decision later this year.

So in summary, we've made great progress with our pipeline in the first half of this year, and we look
forward to several additional data readouts, regulatory submissions and approvals throughout the
remainder of 2021.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Rob for additional comments on our second quarter performance and
financial outlook. Rob?

Robert A. Michael
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Mike. Starting with second quarter results, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.11,
up 32.9% compared to prior year and above our guidance midpoint. Total adjusted net revenues were
nearly $14 billion, up 19.3% on a comparable operational basis, excluding a 1.6% favorable impact from
foreign exchange. The adjusted operating margin ratio was 49.7% of sales, an improvement of 260
basis points versus the prior year. This includes adjusted gross margin of 82.2% of sales, adjusted R&D
investment of 11.3% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of 21.2% of sales. Net interest expense was
$606 million, and the adjusted tax rate was 12.6%.

As Rick previously mentioned, we are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance to
between $12.52 and $12.62, reflecting growth of 19% at the midpoint. Excluded from this guidance is
$6.48 of known intangible amortization and specified items. This guidance now contemplates full year
revenue growth of 10.7% on a comparable operational basis. At current rates, we now expect foreign
exchange to have a 0.9% favorable impact on full year comparable sales growth. This implies a full year
revenue forecast of approximately $56.3 billion.

Included in this guidance are the following updated full year assumptions. We now expect aesthetics
global revenue of approximately $4.9 billion, including approximately $2 billion from BOTOX Cosmetic
and approximately $1.4 billion from JUVÃ‰DERM. We now expect RESTASIS sales of approximately $1.1
billion and assume no generic competition in 2021. For UBRELVY, we now expect sales of approximately
$500 million. For women's health, we now expect global revenue of approximately $900 million. And for
MAVYRET, we now expect global sales of approximately $1.9 billion.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Looking at the P&L for 2021, we are now forecasting adjusted R&D investment of approximately $6.7
billion and adjusted SG&A expense of approximately $11.9 billion. All other full year assumptions remain
unchanged.

As we look ahead to the third quarter, we anticipate net revenue of approximately $14.3 billion. At current
rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 0.5% favorable impact on comparable sales growth. We
expect adjusted earnings per share between $3.18 and $3.22, excluding approximately $1.64 of known
intangible amortization and specified items.

Finally, we continue to make great progress on our Allergan transaction commitments. We are exceeding
our revenue expectations in several areas, including Botox, VRAYLAR, UBRELVY and eye care. We have
also delivered expense synergies of almost $800 million during the first half of this year and are on track
to deliver synergies of approximately $1.7 billion in 2021 and greater than $2 billion in 2022. And we have
already paid down $12 billion of combined company debt. We expect to achieve $17 billion of cumulative
debt pay-down by the end of this year with further deleveraging through 2023. This will bring our net
leverage ratio to 2.4x by the end of 2021 and approximately 2x by the end of 2022.

In closing, AbbVie has once again delivered outstanding performance, and we are very pleased with the
strong momentum of the business heading into the second half of the year.

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Liz.

Elizabeth Shea
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Rob. We will now open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions]

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

Our first question is from Vamil Divan with Mizuho Securities.

Vamil Kishore Divan
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

So maybe 2, if I could. So one, Rick, you mentioned you have several of the Allergan products maybe
doing better than your expectations. Can you maybe -- I mean I know you don't want to sort of share
your secret sauce, but in terms of what is it that you've noticed that has helped to drive those products?
Because it seems like it's pretty much across the board from aesthetics to VRAYLAR and UBRELVY. So is it
around promotion efforts? Is it around sort of payer dynamics? What -- anything you could share would be
helpful there.

And then the second one on IMBRUVICA. I just want to confirm, I think you guys said that the new patient
share across all indications now is 42%. So I just want to see you guys are in line with what you expect
at this point. Obviously, there's been questions around some of the competitors that have entered the
market. And maybe you can just talk about sort of the patients who are not studying on IMBRUVICA, sort
of what are you seeing as the reasons why they might be choosing a competitor.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Vamil, this is Rick. I'll cover a certain part of the first question, and maybe I'll ask Jeff to jump in and
cover any additional thoughts that he might have. I think as you look at this business, one of the things
that I think AbbVie is sort of known for is that we tend to operate in a very focused and disciplined way,
especially across what we consider to be growth franchises. We expect every one of our major businesses
to develop plans to be able to maximize the value of their assets, both from a strategic and long-term
basis but also from a short-term tactical basis. And I'll use aesthetics as the example.

Early on, we made the decision that we were going to fully integrate the aesthetics business to make
sure that it had the focus and attention that it needed because we believe this business had a significant
opportunity to be able to grow. We did that globally. So if you look at Allergan in the past, internationally,
those people representing those products also had to represent eye care and other therapeutic products.
So we moved those out into the therapeutic areas of AbbVie internationally and solely dedicated the
aesthetics group internationally to just their products. And then in the U.S., we operate with a similar
structure and a fully integrated R&D organization that's totally committed to just developing aesthetics
products and reports directly to Mike. And then the head of the business for aesthetics reports directly to
me. And we had them develop a plan that they are now executing against to be able to deliver against
that.

So I think it's really 3 aspects of it from my perspective. It's one, the structure we put in place, and
that was a thoughtful, planned out structure. Two, it's the disciplined processes that we use to be able
to execute across all of our businesses. And then third, I'd say we have consistently invested, and we
do invest, in businesses that we think have the opportunity to be able to drive long-term growth and
performance in a way that we can drive that at maximum speed. And certainly, as you look at aesthetics,
we've increased the investment in SG&A and we've increased the investment in R&D.

Jeff, anything you'd add?

Jeffrey Ryan Stewart
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

I think, Rick, I would agree. I think a big piece, Vamil, is the level of the investment. So as we looked at
particularly the neuroscience compounds, VRAYLAR and UBRELVY, we were able to structure the sales
forces a little differently, which was important from commercial execution, and also really upgrade and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

drive some of the investment around patient activation. So I think that all of these brands are spectacular
brands, leadership position. And when we got that investment profile right, we've seen the response. So
nothing to add beyond that.

Going back to your question on the hematology share, the 42% that I referred to was the combined
AbbVie share, so that's IMBRUVICA plus VENCLEXTA across all lines of CLL. So if you take a look -- if I
give you a little bit more color on the latest data that we have, for example, in frontline, we have 35%
total AbbVie share, which is made up of around 24% for IMBRUVICA and 11% for VENCLEXTA. For second-
line share, for example, we have a 48% total AbbVie position, which is approximately 33% for IMBRUVICA
and 15% for VENCLEXTA. So both of these brands are now operating at a very significant share level
across CLL.

I'll give you some more thoughts, as you asked for, in terms of color in the market. Beyond that leadership
level that we have across the CLL indication, we do see that the CLL market is still suppressed. So for
example, patient starts year-to-date are down in the high single digits. And even within the quarter, they
were down in the low single digits. We see that improving. And so that outlook looks to improve over the
second part of the year.

In terms of overall share dynamics, over the last several quarters, we have lost a few share points
to Calquence, within the range of our expectations as they've ramped with their CLL ramp. But also
interesting, we've seen that there's been some share increases in monotherapy CD20, which we think
is also a COVID type of effect that will ultimately revert back to normality as we go along through the
pandemic. So overall, the franchise is performing very, very well. And as you heard from Mike, we're
tremendously excited about the future of the hem/onc franchise as we move forward.

Robert A. Michael
Executive VP & CFO

And Vamil, this is Rob. I'm going to come back to your first question. Just one more thing we should
mention is we've been able to really leverage our international infrastructure. And so when we set up this
business, we have the aesthetics franchise focused fully internationally on that business whereas Allergan
had it combined with therapeutics. So we've been able to bring that focus in the level of investment. I
think we've also been able to leverage our market access prowess. So we're very strong across the globe.
And so when you think about the opportunities for us going forward, I think international certainly plays a
big role as we leverage the Allergan business.

Operator

Our next question is from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just another one on aesthetics, obviously, some incredibly strong numbers here. Can you just elaborate
a little bit more on sustainability of this growth? So I guess I'm just trying to get a better sense of how
much of what we're seeing right now is catch-up as we exit lockdowns versus a more sustained step-up
in sales going forward, just any color on that would be appreciated. My second question was RINVOQ in
UC. Can you just help put some of this data into context as we think about the competitive landscape and
particularly relative to what you had anticipated in your long-term guidance for this indication? I think
you had about $1 billion in IBD sales by 2025. And if not, we've seen more of this data set, just how
comfortable are you feeling with that target and, ultimately, the role RINVOQ is going to play in this space.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

Chris, this is Rick. I'll take the aesthetics question. And then Mike can maybe cover the second question
that you had. So it's a great question, and it's one that we have been looking at very carefully. I mean
if you just step back and you look at the performance of the business, we've done a number of things to
try to drive the business. We believe this business is significantly underpenetrated. When you look at the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

available patient population here and your ability to drive long-term penetration, it's tremendous. And
so that's why we've done the things that we've done to try to drive that demand. Globally, the aesthetics
sales were up 31%. If you look at the U.S. toxin and filler business, the market is up about 40% versus
2019.

So -- but it's hard to evaluate. I can tell you the vast majority of it is driven by fundamental demand, and
we can see that through the funnel that we see patients coming in and how many of them are activated to
go get procedures. But we just conducted a fairly robust market research study to try to understand how
much of it was COVID related. And we look at things like how many of those patients got stimulus checks,
how many of them were affected from an employment standpoint and are now back at work. I'd say that
study, if you look at the data in that study, the conclusion that you would draw from that is very little of it
is COVID-related. Now I think the flaw is this, most patients are not going to say they use stimulus money
for these kinds of procedures or other kinds of things.

So I think to the best of our ability, what I would tell you is about 2/3 of the performance, I think,
is fundamental demand and maybe 1/3 of it is pent-up demand. We're going to need a couple more
quarters, I think, to see how that plays out. But I'd say that's our best assessment right now. So very
robust growth either way but -- and it could sustain a little bit better than that. But I think you can pretty
well count on 2/3 of it being fundamental demand that's sustainable longer term. Mike?

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

I'll take the question on RINVOQ UC. What I would say is the data that we have seen from RINVOQ UC
has exceeded our expectations from an efficacy perspective. And the results there are very strong. UC
has been very difficult to treat pharmacologically and getting high rates of remission and weak response
has been challenging and RINVOQ has delivered those results now essentially across a number of studies.
And I think from a safety perspective, it's also performed very well. I commented in my prepared remarks
the fact that overall rates of AEs, serious AEs, are actually lower than RINVOQ arm. Now the reason for
that, that many of these AEs are driven by -- and with an improvement in the disease, you do see them
improve as well.

And with respect to events and interest, the safety profile has looked very, very [ strong as well. With
respect to AE and other events and interest, rates have been comparable to controls ]. And so overall, we
feel very confident. We just feel very confident with our long-term guidance that we put out. One thing
that's important to keep in mind is that long-term guidance is 2025 guidance. And our IBD assets will be
in relatively early stages of launch [ by 2025 ]. But the profiles that I've talked about, not only for RINVOQ
but also for SKYRIZI, bode well not only for that 2025 guidance but for the long-term growth -- significant
opportunity there as well.

Operator

Our next question will be from Ronny Gal with Bernstein.

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

First one is on ABBV-951. You've mentioned the efficacy rates. I was wondering if you can talk a little bit
about the skin safety profile as compared to the NeuroDerm product or the apomorphine IV from Europe,
especially when it comes to some more severe effects like abscess. The second question, staying with the
pipeline, is a little bit about your A beta. It didn't take long for you guys to walk into that. I was kind of
wondering if you can talk a little bit about the science that you're discovering. Is the right approach to
get to the best effect with minimal side effects is to try to remove as much plaque as possible in a very
targeted manner? Or should the approach be to go after soluble abrogate and approach the removal of
plaque indirectly?

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Okay. So this is Mike. I'll take both of those questions. With respect to 951, we'll publish full data from the
Phase III study that I described at a medical meeting and then, ultimately, in peer-reviewed journals as
well. But what I can say is the skin safety has looked good to our eye and is within our expectations, well
within our expectations. As one would expect with a cutaneous device, there are some local reactions, but
those have generally been mild and resolved with continuing treatment. We've not seen significant issues
with more severe types of skin. We feel good about the safety profile. And we think the patient-friendly
aspects of subcutaneous delivery that has some parallels to an insulin pump-like device will be a real
advantage here because it allow patients to get that DUOPA-like efficacy that's transformative without the
need for placement of a gastric tube that's inserted in the small bowel and very, very difficult to manage.
And so we feel very good about the potential for 951.

With respect to A beta, I think if one looks at all of the data, it's quite clear that if you can remove plaque
rapidly, then there will be a benefit. And the key parameter that we would need to see is deep reductions
in the level of plaque and rapid reductions in the level of plaque because you won't start to see a cognitive
benefit, we believe, until you get to that amyloid negativity level by PET, which is 20 centiloids, until you
reduce patients at that level. So the goal would be to get them there as rapidly as possible and to do that
while minimizing the impacted area. And we think that, that can be done through epitope selection.

There are slight differences in the amyloid forms that are present in the vessel wall compared to plaque.
And with appropriate epitope selection, we believe -- and our preclinical data would support that you can
do that with reduced risk of ARIA. And of course, we now need to see whether the clinical data support
that as well. But those are the basic principles that we're following. We've obviously had these candidates
before the aducanumab approval because, as I said, we've been monitoring this area quite closely. But we
think this is a good time to advance those candidates and to determine whether the science I described
plays out in the clinic. But our approaches with respect to A beta are based on plaque, not soluble forms.

Operator

Our next question is from Andrew Baum with Citi.

Andrew Simon Baum
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

A couple of questions for Jeff. Firstly, on the outlook for rebating in oncology. This is somewhat of a
novelty at least historically. I note that ESI excluded Calquence from their formulary. There's obviously
increased therapeutic competition in the space. How should we be thinking about the rebating outlook
in oncology going forward more broadly? Second, on the U.S. payer mix through COVID and now in the
recovery stage, could you outline the magnitude of which you've had to increase and then decrease the
Medicaid component in the patient assistance programs or whether you're seeing that improvement or
some sense of scale and direction there?

Jeffrey Ryan Stewart
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. Thank you, Andrew. And to start with oncology, I mean largely, as you know, the rebating has been
done through the sort of the GPO channel and particularly with the physician in-office dynamics that are
in that sector. We don't see significant rebating happening at the PBM level. And if it is, it's quite modest.
I think the -- certainly, from the ESI standpoint that you highlighted, that was an ESI decision. That was
not certainly something that AbbVie approach particular payer with any sort of deal. Our philosophy is that
these drugs are very important for oncologists to have, basically open access for all of these agents. So I
think it is something that we've seen, some of these lights that have started to turn on, but they've been
quite modest. And I don't think that they're going to be super accelerant that we should be overly worried
about. That's my position on that.

I think the second approach in terms of -- sorry, that was the question on the magnitude of the Medicaid,
yes. This has been quite interesting. We've seen certainly, on all of the data, the fact that the enrollment
in Medicaid has gone up. When we look across our businesses at, let's say, acute channel shifts in terms of
the utilization, they're relatively modest. They're there. So we don't see massive movements around our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

channel shifting that linked to the magnitude of what you might see in terms of the enrollments. So it's
relatively modest, certainly manageable. And I think, certainly, as we see the jobs positions come back,
and that could be quite strong, I think we'll see -- any modest movement will be corrected over the next
several quarters.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

This is Rick. The only thing I'd add to the second question is so we have a very extensive and I would
say generous PAP program in place that's really designed to ensure that patients who can't afford our
medicines have the ability to be able to access those medicines free of charge in many cases. As an
example, 99% of the applications we get for uninsured patients, we approve. We actually just increased
the program to 600% of the federal poverty level across all of our brands. And so it's a program that
I think is designed to fulfill the mission that I just described, and that is that patients who need our
medicines can get them from us if they can't afford to pay for them through whatever system that they
operate in.

And -- but we have not seen -- much to our surprise, we have not seen that program increase
dramatically even through COVID. And we advertise directly to patients that if they lost their jobs during
COVID that we would provide our medicines to them. But I wouldn't say -- as I said, much to our surprise,
we didn't see the volume go up dramatically.

Operator

Our next question is from Geoffrey Porges with Leerink.

Geoffrey Craig Porges
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Lots of questions, but I'll focus first on RINVOQ. Rick, you've given the long-term guidance of, I recall,
$7 billion in revenue by 2025, I think. And by all means, correct me if I don't recall it correctly. But if you
only get the 15-milligram dose approved, if that's the outcome of the deliberations with the FDA, but you
get the approvals in Europe, can you achieve that revenue guidance? Are you confident enough in the 15-
milligram program? And then secondly, for Mike, your CF development program seems to have been sort
of reactivated. And could you talk a little bit about your conviction a little bit more in detail on 119? We
don't know much about that. Are you confident that it can be an active C2 corrector that matches up to
your competition? Because, clearly, that's a big revenue opportunity that we haven't factored in.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

Geoffrey, this is Rick. On your first question, yes, the guidance for RINVOQ is $8 billion, and I would
say we're confident that, even with the 15 milligram, we will sustain that guidance. If you look at the
performance of the 15-milligram, it's quite remarkable. And so we feel good about the performance of
RINVOQ. We continue to see strong uptake of RINVOQ and physician interest, and it's consistent with what
we would expect. So I think we're fine there.

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

So this is Mike. I'll take the question on the CF program. When we restructured the collaboration with
Galapagos a few years ago to take direct operational control of that program, we had a couple of goals.
One is we wanted to make sure that we're optimizing the potentiator and C1 components of the regimen.
We felt we had a best-in-class C1 in 2222, but we believed we needed to make a switch in the potentiator
to one that we already had in hand, and we've done that. We also believe that we needed a C2 corrector
that, in that time period, a few years ago, did not exist. So we needed a C2 corrector that had the
potential to be best-in-class.

And so what we did is we put a significant internal chemistry effort to come up with a number of
compounds. 119 is the most advanced and a very promising one that we believe fit that bill. And based

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

on all the preclinical profiling, we think 119 can be a best-in-class C2 corrector. And with the other
components of our triple, we think we can deliver best-in-class efficacy with appropriate pharmacological
properties, dosing, low DDIs, et cetera. And so we are now in a proof-of-concept Phase II study in the
clinic to determine whether those preclinical data will, in fact, bear out. What I would say here is the
preclinical assays are good. They're much more predictive than they are in other areas because we
fundamentally know what the defect is in CF, and we can study it in appropriate tissues, in human tissues
in vitro. But ultimately, we're going to need to see the clinical data.

By right around the end of the year, we'll see internally proof-of-concept results for that triple. We'd
probably be in a position to announce them externally early next year. Those will be data that will include
impact on FEV1 with the triple. And so that will tell us whether we can be best-in-class. And I agree, if we
are best-in-class, I think it's a very significant opportunity, and we would progress it rapidly. Now it's a
proof-of-concept study. So if it's successful, we'd have some additional dose ranging to do. We're studying
the highest dose of 119 to determine whether it can have that effect. We'd have to do some additional
dose ranging to determine the optimal dose of 119, but that can be done rapidly. And then we would, if
successful, move into Phase III development.

Operator

Our next question is from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Securities, Research Division

Just had a few quick ones. Another one on JAK Safety. And Mike, you mentioned you expect regulatory
action in the next few months. Maybe just give us some perspective on that. Is there any data that you're
still waiting on to submit? And is there still the potential for an advisory panel? And then the second one
is on UBRELVY. Maybe just give us some color on the new start dynamic. What are the patients you're
capturing? What share are you gaining from? And maybe just help us with kind of the -- what other wins
do you have to make with respect to formulary access and share?

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

I'll take the first question, and then Jeff will take the second question on UBRELVY. So with respect to
JAK safety, we have indicated that we believe that an action is possible in the next few months. That's
based on our discussions with the agency and what timing we think is reasonable. It's not a specific action
date like the PDUFA date that had been set in the past. So we will continue to monitor it as the process
continues to move along. But the rate-limiting factor, as we understand it, is the agency's review of the
tofacitinib oral surveillance data. And I think once that is completed, we would be able to move forward
with good speed with our review. But there are no additional data from a safety perspective or no other
substantial analysis that the agency is waiting on for us. We provided our updated benefit/risk quite some
time ago, as we announced publicly, and the agency has not requested any additional data. So it's really
that review of the tofacitinib oral surveillance is gating as we understand it.

With respect to an advisory panel, the agency always has the authority to call one if they desire to have
one. But what I would say is if they were planning on having an advisory committee, I would expect them
to already be preparing for that and already have that process in motion, and we would know that. And
there's no indication that, that is underway at this time.

Jeffrey Ryan Stewart
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Great. And I'll take the UBRELVY question. As I mentioned, we're very, very pleased with UBRELVY and
really, our overall migraine portfolio that we're rapidly developing here. To give you some sense, it's quite
remarkable. I mean if you look at the total acute oral CGRP category, so that's us and the competitor, it's
about 18% of all new prescriptions, and it continues to grow very, very quickly. So again, it shows you
how hard patients and physicians are looking for the adoption of these particular agents even though you
have to step through a triptan in some cases, 2 triptans. So the market demand is very, very substantial.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

When we look to the overall performance, we can see that roughly the 2 agents are sort of splitting the
acute indication. Some of the more weeklies are now being a little confounded by the new preventative
episodic approval from Nurtec. But nonetheless, I think that's a small piece of the story. When we sort of
peel out some of their preventative, new preventative scripts, we still have the leadership position for the
acute market. But I really think the bigger picture is how fast that segment will expand over time, and we
anticipate that we'll continue to lead that based on UBRELVY's overall profile.

Our overall access dynamics are quite good. So we really have roughly a 90% access. Again, some of
that access is -- demands a step through a triptan. But overall, when you look at how fast that category
is going, we don't really anticipate that there's major new plans that we need to achieve any sort of
incremental access position. And so basically, our commercial strategy continues to be how hard can we
drive this acute segment and lead that acute segment. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks,
anticipating the arrival in the late third quarter for atogepant, which has just a spectacular profile for
episodic migraine. So thank you.

Operator

Our next question is from Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research.

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

It's well-known that AbbVie rebates heavily on Humira in the U.S. So in biosimilars launch, would you
potentially have room to pull back on those rebates, which could basically be a meaningful offset to lost
Humira volumes? It seems like it could end up being in the billions of dollars that you could pull back
in-house. And I realize there's a RINVOQ and SKYRIZI dynamic to consider. And related to that line of
questioning, how does the prospect of interchangeability biosimilars impact your thinking on this front? If
interchangeable generics are allowed or not allowed, how does that impact what you might do with those
rebate dollars?

And then second question, a quick one, just the range of outcomes for when IMBRUVICA might face
generics in the U.S. Is it in the realm of possibilities that AbbVie enters into settlement agreements with
legal challengers that could push out generic timing?

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

Tim, it's Rick. So I'll cover the first 2 questions that you have there. I would say, let me start with
interchangeability. We've outlined now over the last year or 2, I think, pretty specifically what we view
the biosimilar impact in the U.S. could be, and we are assuming that there will be 2 interchangeable
biosimilars. And that's in the thought process of the erosion models that we have described many, many
times now. So we are assuming there will be interchangeability. We're certainly not in a position where
we're going to talk about what we're going to do from the standpoint of rebates. We've always competed
very effectively in these markets.

Certainly, the focus for us going forward is the next-generation assets, SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. And you can
see those 2 assets this year will do $4.6 billion, so call it $5 billion. They're rapidly growing, and they're
doing exactly what we had hoped they would do. They have higher levels of efficacy, and they are ramping
dramatically. And they will buffer the impact, biosimilar impact, in the U.S. And so what I'd tell you is
the strategy is going exactly the way we had hoped it would go. We'll fill out the range of indications on
SKYRIZI and RINVOQ and continue to drive those assets into the marketplace effectively. On IMBRUVICA?

Laura J. Schumacher
Vice Chairman of External Affairs, Chief Legal Officer & Corporate Secretary

Yes. This is Laura Schumacher. Our IMBRUVICA composition of matter patent expires in May of 2028,
assuming that we get the pediatric extension. We do have later expiring IP covering methods of use,
formulations, crystal forms and the like. Our long-range plan currently assumes the loss of exclusivity in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

the U.S. in May of 2028 when the composition of matter patent expires. There is litigation ongoing with
one remaining ANDA filer, and we're awaiting a decision on that.

Operator

Our next question is from Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. Just a follow-up question on CF for you. I guess, first -- 2 parts here. First, are you confident that
you have a potentiator that's active and improved versus the Galapagos compound? Because I think we've
seen a lot of issues with people trying to develop potentiators that are as good as KALYDECO. And then
second, I know you talked about FEV1. Have you looked at sweat chloride at all? Obviously, you need a
larger patient sample size to get a good directional view on FEV1. I'm wondering if you looked at smaller
patient numbers on sweat chloride.

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

So this is Mike. I'll take that. With respect to the potentiator, we are convinced that we have a potentiator
that has activity. And we've changed the potentiator from some of those prior combinations that were
pursued earlier on in the Galapagos collaboration. We think that, that potentiator has clear signs of
activity. We think the C1 corrector is very good and probably best-in-class based on the data that we
have seen, that were generated earlier in the collaboration. We thought that the principal piece that was
missing was that C2, and we think we have a good one. With respect to the endpoints, while it does take
a larger sample size to look at FEV1, we feel like FEV1 is what really matters here. That's what's going to
translate into clinical benefit for patients. And so our proof-of-concept study will show us FEV1, and that's
the primary measure that we are going to use to determine whether to advance the triple or not.

Operator

Our next question is from Steve Scala with Cowen.

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

A couple of questions. Many of the questions so far suggest concerns around RINVOQ. But I'm wondering
if this could all turn to be a positive. So to what extent do you believe RINVOQ prescribing might be being
held back by competitor product concerns? So once those concerns are resolved and/or RINVOQ emerges
unscathed, if it does, RINVOQ could even do better and we could be looking at a sharp acceleration in
share gains and prescription trends in Q4. So that's the first question. And secondly, on Humira contract
renewals that will be signed in coming months for 2022, what is the typical duration of those contracts?
Are they typically 12 months, 24 months, 36 months? If you can give us an idea of that, that would be
helpful.

Jeffrey Ryan Stewart
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. It's a very good question, and it's a question that we thought a lot about. Let me give you some
perspective on RINVOQ. So if you look at our, let's say, our demand performance. I think I mentioned
in my prepared remarks, we've been very consistent about 15% in-play share in the large RA market,
which is just under Humira, which has grown a little bit over the COVID times and since January to about
18%. So we're very, very stable. And I do believe that there is some overhang on certain segments of
prescribers that have, let's say, gone back a little bit to the TNF, really, our own product, Humira. So it's
not outside of the realm of possibility as this resolves. And really, largely, as you've probably heard or
seen, XELJANZ has lost in-play share over that period.

So I do believe there's a little overhang in certain -- probably significant segments of rheumatology. So we
are anxiously awaiting the resolution here of oral surveillance, which obviously has delayed our regulatory

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

submissions, but it's not outside of the realm of possibility given the very significant differentiated data
that we have in our packages that we could see an acceleration as things resolve. So we're going to
anxiously be monitoring and certainly be prepared to anticipate any outcome there.

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

And Steve, this is Rick. On the contracting question, I'll handle that one. It varies quite a bit based on
product and by managed care organization, but I'd say -- so it can be -- some of them can be as short as
12 months. It's probably more common to be in the 24-month range from a contracting standpoint.

Operator

Our next question is from Chris Raymond with Piper Sandler.

Christopher Joseph Raymond
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Just on the A beta program. I know you answered a few questions. But I think I heard you describe the
product that you're targeting the plaques and not the soluble forms of A beta. Just kind of maybe if you
-- wondering if you can give a little bit more color on the driver of going forward with that. Do you guys
-- does your science sort of tell you that amyloid beta oligomers, for example, are not a driver of the
disease? Or is this more of a decision that's driven by the regulatory precedence of approving -- targeting
the A beta plaques? And then maybe also if you can give a little more detail on this molecule. Is it likely an
IV or possibly subcu-delivered antibody?

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

So this is Mike. I'll take that. With respect to the focus on plaque, I think when one looks at all of the data,
you can conclude that if you can reduce plaque rapidly, from that point forward, you can see a benefit.
So in other words, getting the majority of patients to a level where they are amyloid negative by PET, so
below 20 centiloids, and doing that rapidly is what's required to see a benefit emerge over time. And part
of the importance of speed is that you're not going to see that benefit until you get to that level. So if you
spend the entire period of a trial getting to that level, you don't then have an opportunity within that trial
to see an improvement in cognition. And of course, for patients, if you don't get to that level fast enough,
they're not going to drive benefit for a period of sometimes too many years, and they need really faster
than that. So that's our focus on plaque.

With respect to different components and the role of oligomers, I think it's hard to tease that apart right
now. What we know from the data is what I said. They're getting patients to amyloid negativity. So
reducing plaque is what seems to drive a clinical benefit. Whether there are upstream steps that one could
try to impact to achieve the same result, I think, is an open question. And we're going where the science
tells us to go today. With respect to IV or subcu, I think it's early to answer that question. It's going to
relate to, ultimately, the delivered dose and then dose forms that can be delivered. So for example, there
are on-body injectors and other things that can deliver more than the traditional 1 or 2 mLs of a solution
containing a monoclonal antibody. So there are approaches that could be IV or subcu, but I think it's a
little bit early to make predictions on how that will all play out.

Operator

Next question comes from Luisa Hector with Berenberg.

Luisa Caroline Hector
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

Sorry, going back to RINVOQ again, but I just wanted to check that the approval of the pending indications
isn't a particular gating item for your filing in UC. And then I see that you haven't changed your guidance
for RINVOQ for this year. And I know previously, you've stated that AD would only have a bit of a small
contribution this year. But rather than sales, I just wonder whether there's any particular savings on your

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

launch costs this year due to the delay. And then maybe on TNB-383, again, I think I've understood this
is now 100% belonging to you. So just to check, no impact from the Amgen acquisition. And then when
might we see a Phase II start? It looks like you have a dose data all very compelling. So how soon could
we be looking out for that trial start and data?

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

Okay. This is Mike. I'll start with the RINVOQ question then pass it to Rob. And then I'll come back for the
383 question. With respect to the UC filing, the UC filing is not dependent on the approvals in the other
indications. And obviously, the timing of review of the UC filing would carry it out to a point where those
matters would, I think, based on any reasonable expectation, be resolved.

Robert A. Michael
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Then on your question regarding the guidance for RINVOQ, so you're right, we did give guidance of
$1.7 billion early this year, assuming we would have the new indications approved. We said that would
be a minor contribution. Think of it in the couple of hundred million dollar range. But given the strong
performance out of the RA indication, we've maintained that guidance despite the fact that those accruals
are delayed. There is some level of savings in terms of SG&A related to the approvals being delayed. At
the same time, we're investing in the business. If you look at what we're doing at aesthetics, obviously,
other parts of the Allergan business, there's opportunity to invest more broadly. So overall, SG&A is up
because we are investing for long-term growth, but there is some level of savings associated with the
RINVOQ delays.

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

With respect to 383, the BCMA CD3 bispecific, you're correct, there is no impact of the Amgen acquisition
of Teneobio on that. The asset would be ours and would be unencumbered by anything related to the
Amgen acquisition. In terms of Phase II timing, we plan to move forward very rapidly, not only with Phase
II but with Phase III studies with this asset. We think the data that have been generated are very strong,
very high levels of response, good levels at the VGPR or better threshold with a very good safety profile as
well and a profile that would fit well with combination therapy and move to earlier lines of therapy. So we'll
advance the program aggressively, and we'll update on the specifics a little bit later on in the year.

Operator

Our next question will come from Daniel Busby with RBC Capital Markets.

Daniel James Busby
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I've got 2 questions. First, a bigger picture question on SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. You've guided to peak
sales for both products in the early 2030s. There's been a lot of focus on near-term regulatory hurdles,
particularly for RINVOQ. But there's also a lot that could happen competitively between now and then.
So with that said, what do you view as the biggest potential longer-term competitive threats for both of
those drugs, and particularly given the ongoing emergence and maturation of new drug modalities? And
second, can you talk a little bit about the assumptions you've built into overall guidance relating to the
Delta variant and whether that's changed at all the way you think about the second half recovery?

Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman & CEO

We go through a fairly rigorous, in fact, I'd say a very rigorous, long-range planning process where we
evaluate what we think the competitive alternatives might be and the profile of our assets versus other
assets. And I would say, as we look at RINVOQ and SKYRIZI and the clinical data that has been generated,
it's certainly achieving or exceeding the expectations that we had for those assets. I don't see anything on
the horizon that would make it in a time frame that would have a material impact on those assets based

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

on the guidance that we provided or even longer-term guidance out to typically do a 10-year long-range
planning process.

So yes, there are certainly many, many modalities that are available today across many of these
therapeutic areas. It's having the right kind of asset, the right kind of clinical performance and then
everything else that wraps around that market access and all the other things you have to be effective
at in order to achieve the level of performance that these assets are achieving. And so the bottom line
is I think we feel very confident in our assumptions here. As it relates to the Delta variant, I think as we
look at the guidance that we are providing in the second half, it certainly is reflective of what we assume.
We don't assume dramatic changes in the U.S. or other major markets around the world from where we
are today. We're not assuming major levels of recovery in certain markets either that are currently in
lockdowns, like Australia as an example, or in many of the Asian markets outside of China and Singapore.

So I think we've properly represented it. I think the health care system in the U.S. in particular, I think is
-- the experience that we had last year, I think, tells us that the health care system can much better treat
these patients. And we're not assuming that we see anything that would be significant in a shift in the U.S.
from a lockdown standpoint.

Operator

One final question will come from Gary Nachman with BMO Capital Markets.

Gary Jay Nachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Sorry but one more on RINVOQ first. Curious why you think Europe doesn't seem as concerned with the
JAK class the way the FDA has been since you got the positive opinion on atopic derm for both doses
there. And how do you see uptake in Europe versus the U.S. overall? Is there a difference in perception
do you think in those regions with the class? And then regarding VRAYLAR for MDD, how are the Phase
III studies gone overall? Did you change anything with respect to enrollment numbers or sites during the
course of the pandemic since these Phase III data are coming soon? And have you done any more work
sizing up the potential market opportunity where you think it would be used most for DDD, what types of
patients?

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

So this is Mike. I'll start, and then I'll pass it over to Jeff for some additional comments. With respect to
RINVOQ and the regulatory environment and the prescriber perception, prescriber environment between
Europe and the U.S., we do see differences. And the European authorities and the European prescribing
base seems to place less emphasis on these signals and view them more specifically to the molecules that
generated the data than the U.S. had. Why that is, I can't give you a single reason other than these are
both very large, competent jurisdictions that have come to their own impressions of the data. And those
impressions have differed somewhat. As you've said, for atopic derm, we got the positive opinion from the
CHMP for both the 15- and 30-milligram doses. We think the data are very supportive of that decision, and
we look forward to launching that indication in Europe. We think it's going to be an important additional
indication as it will be in the U.S. when we do get to approval.

With respect to uptake in Europe, Jeff, I don't know if you want to comment on that.

Jeffrey Ryan Stewart
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. As I mentioned in my remarks, the uptake on RINVOQ in many major markets is very, very
strong. Now as you know, waiting for reimbursement takes a little bit more time than the U.S. But as I
highlighted, we have in-play leadership. And this is including the TNFs, the biosimilars in Germany, France,
Canada, for example. So it's quite strong. I think another point that I'd like to make, and we certainly
see it in some of the early launch countries with PSA and AS, there appears to be a synergistic effect
which makes some sense from a commercial standpoint. As countries like Germany start to introduce PSA

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

and AS, the entire RINVOQ molecule starts to accelerate and move faster. And so again, given the last
question I answered, we're anxiously awaiting the approval of those extra rheum indications there. So it's
quite strong. And as I highlighted again, and Mike mentioned, our label here in atopic derm is going to
look quite strong in the European markets.

Mike, maybe you can hit on MDD, and then I'll address the market structure there.

Michael E. Severino
Vice Chairman & President

With respect to VRAYLAR and MDD, we did a deep dive on the Phase III studies shortly after closing the
acquisition of Allergan. And what I would say is we found that the studies were very well designed. We
were comfortable with important considerations like patient selection, selection of sites that we believe
would give quality data. We looked at the blinded aggregate characteristics of the population enrolled. So
you look at the baseline characteristics, and you don't know who's on active or placebo, but you can see
if you're enrolling the right patient population. And we believe we were. All of the measures are designed
and seem to be behaving appropriately. And so we feel good about the design characteristics of that study,
and we did not feel that it was necessary to make any changes. But we did do that deep dive to be sure of
that. As I said, what we found was, in fact, reassuring.

With respect to the market opportunity, I'll just make a couple of comments, and I'll hand it off to Jeff for
some more detail. But what I would say is depression, obviously, is a substantial indication. And it's one
that is very difficult to treat with existing agents. About 50% of patients don't achieve adequate control
with monotherapy, with frontline agents like SSRIs or SNRIs. And so there is an important opportunity for
adjunctive therapy. And obviously, this is an adjunctive MDD indication. So that would be the population
that we would be looking at.

Jeff, do you want to comment in more detail on that?

Jeffrey Ryan Stewart
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. I mean if we look at the market structure, obviously, you have schizophrenia, which is a relatively
modest market, and we have a good growing position there with our existing indication. And then
you have the prescriptions and really the different bipolar segments. And what I would say about not
the big depression market but the adjunctive MDD market that Mike spoke about, it's about the same
size in terms of a prescription value to the bipolar segment. So adjunctive MDD, if the studies were to
progress as we see, really gives us a chance to access a market that's equally sized to the one that we're
competing in today. So it's quite attractive as we continue to look for the final readout of those trials.

Elizabeth Shea
Vice President of Investor Relations

That concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of the call, please visit our website
at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us.

Operator
That does conclude today's conference call. We thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect,
and have a great rest of your day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

ABBVIE INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

