Accenture plc NYSE:ACN
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, March 18, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.90

2.03

Revenue  (mm)

11832.58

12088.12

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Mar-16-2021 2:45 PM GMT

6.84

2.16

2.16

8.25

9.10

12202.35

47831.04

51380.11

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.84

1.73

2.05

1.90

1.90

1.70

2.17

2.03

3.26 %

(1.73 %)

5.85 %

6.84 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Angie Park
Managing Director & Head of
Investor Relations

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's Second Quarter Fiscal 2021
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations,
Ms. Angie Park. Please go ahead.

Angie Park
Managing Director & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2021
earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director and Head
of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer; and KC
McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we
issued a short time ago.

Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC
will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with
some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market
positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2021. We will
then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap-up at the end of the call.

Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and
as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those
factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to
differ materially from those expressed in this call.

During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial metrics which we believe provide useful
information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to
GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always,
Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call.

Now let me turn the call over to Julie.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Thank you, Angie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Today, we are proud to announce outstanding
financial results for the second quarter of fiscal '21 and our return to pre-COVID level financial results a
quarter earlier than we expected and with a tough compare.

Let's first go back 12 months ago. On March 19, only 8 days after the pandemic was declared, when we
were all together to announce our outstanding fiscal year '20 Q2 financial results, results you may not
remember because, at the time, we were all focused on the go-forward potential impact of the pandemic.
In Q2 of fiscal year '20, we had 8% revenue growth in local currency, our then highest bookings ever of
$14.2 billion and strong underlying profitability and free cash flow. We also announced that 18 clients that
quarter had bookings over $100 million.

With this backdrop of fiscal year '20 Q2, the significance of this Q2's results in fiscal year '21 becomes
even more clear. We have delivered 5.4% revenue growth in local currency, which includes a reduction of
2 percentage points from a decline in revenue from reimbursable travel costs; meaning apples to apples,
5.4% is in the zone of fiscal year '20 Q2 revenue when you exclude the travel costs-related revenue. We
have delivered bookings of $16 billion, beating our previous record set in Q2 last year by $1.8 billion, and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

we have delivered strong profitability and free cash flow. This quarter, 18 clients had bookings over $100
million, and we continued to take market share faster than pre COVID.

In H1, we have accelerated our investment in V&A with approximately $1.1 billion of capital deployed,
and we are increasing our programmatic V&A investment to at least $2 billion for FY '21 from the $1.7
billion we previously communicated. And for the last 12 months, we have remained consistent. We gave
guidance every quarter which we met or beat. We deliberately invested in our people and preserved our
talent to continue to serve our clients as demand came back, and we continued to significantly invest in
our business and our communities. And throughout, we have lived our core values, including maintaining
without pause our commitment to make more progress on diversity and inclusion and sustainability.

These financial results reflect these choices, the strength of our core values and the power of our laser-
focus on creating client value and being a trusted partner as well as our incredibly talented people, strong
ecosystem relationships and the resilience of our growth strategy as well as the substantial investments
we have made year in and year out since we set out to be the leader in digital, cloud and security and
continuous innovation. They also reflect the operational rigor and discipline that long has been a hallmark
of our success. I want to thank our people for their hard work and continued dedication to our clients and
for delivering on our commitments.

KC, over to you.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Julie, and thanks to all of you for taking the time to join us on today's call. We were very
pleased with our overall results in the second quarter, which exceeded our expectations and reflects strong
momentum across our business. We are particularly pleased with our record new bookings and strong
revenue growth, which demonstrate our leading position in the market as a trusted partner to deliver
value for our clients. Based on the strength of our second quarter results and the confidence in the second
half of the fiscal year, we are increasing all elements of our full year outlook, which I will cover in more
detail later in our call.

Now let me begin by summarizing a few of the highlights for the quarter. Revenues grew 5.4% in local
currency and continued to include a reduction of approximately 2 percentage points from a decline in
revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Q2 revenues were nearly $140 million above our guided range,
driven by broad-based over-delivery across all dimensions, markets, services and industries, as our
business built back even faster than anticipated.

We also continued to extend our leadership position with growth significantly above the market. We saw
broad improvement in industry trends. Approximately 50% of our revenues came from 7 industries that
were less impacted by the pandemic, which, in aggregate, accelerated this quarter to low double-digit
growth. At the same time, we saw continued improvement from clients in highly impacted industries,
which collectively represents over 20% of our revenues and declined mid-single digits.

Operating margin was 13.7%, an increase of 30 basis points for the quarter and 40 basis points year-to-
date, reflecting strong underlying profitability as we continued to invest in our business and our people,
including the onetime bonus we just announced. We continued to benefit from lower spend on travels,
meetings and events. And we delivered very strong EPS of $2.03, up 10% over fiscal '20, after adjusting
both years for gains on an investment. And finally, we generated significant free cash flow of $2.4 billion in
the quarter and $4 billion year-to-date.

We continue to execute on our strategic capital allocation objective, with roughly $3.1 billion returned to
shareholders via dividends and share repurchases year-to-date. We've made investments of $1.1 billion in
acquisitions, primarily attributed to 19 transactions in the first half of the year, and we expect to invest at
least $2 billion in acquisitions this fiscal year.

With that, let me turn to some of the details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were a record at
$16 billion, representing a 13 billion -- a 13% growth in U.S. dollar over previous record in Q2 of last year.
We had very strong overall book-to-bill of 1.3 in the quarter and 1.2 year-to-date.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

Consulting bookings were $8 billion, a record high, with a book-to-bill of 1.2. Outsourcing bookings were
also a record at $8 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.4. Similar to last quarter, our bookings were driven by
both technology services and operations. We were pleased with the strength of our bookings in strategy
and consulting with a book-to-bill of 1.2.

Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $12.1 billion, an 8% increase in U.S. dollars
and 5.4% in local currency, including a reduction of approximately 2% from a decline in revenues from
reimbursable travel costs. Consolidated revenues for the quarter were $6.4 billion, up 4% in U.S. dollars
and up 1% in local currency, including a reduction of approximately 3% from a decline in revenues from
reimbursable travel costs. Outsourcing revenues were $5.6 billion, up 14% in U.S. dollars and 11% in local
currency.

Taking a closer look at our service dimensions. Both operations and technology services grew double
digits. As expected, strategy and consulting services declined high single digits, and we expect strategy
and consulting to return to growth in Q3.

Turning to our geographic markets. The industry dynamics that I mentioned earlier continued to play out
in a similar manner across all 3 markets. In North America, revenue growth was 7% in local currency.
In Europe, revenues grew 3% in local currency, driven by mid-single-digit growth in Italy and the U.K.
In growth markets, we delivered 6% revenue growth in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in
Japan.

Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 29.7% compared with 30.2% for
the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 9.4% compared with 10.4%
for the second quarter last year. General and administrative expenses was 7.6% compared to 6 point --
excuse me, 6.6% compared to 6.4% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.7 billion in
the second quarter, reflecting a 13.7% operating margin, up 30 basis points compared with Q2 last year.

Before I continue, as a reminder, in Q2 last year, we recognized an investment gain, which impacted
our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.07. This quarter, we again recognized an investment gain, which
impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.21. The following comparisons exclude these impacts and
reflect adjusted results.

Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 17.5% compared with the adjusted effective tax rate of
17.1% for the second quarter of last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $2.03 compared with
an adjusted EPS of $1.84 in the second quarter last year. This reflects a 10% year-over-year increase.

Days service outstanding were 34 days compared to 38 days last quarter and 39 days in the second
quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $2.4 billion, resulting from cash generated by
operating activities of $2.5 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $93 million. Our cash
balance at February 28 was $9.2 billion compared with $8.4 billion at August 31.

With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the second quarter, we
repurchased or redeemed 4.6 million shares for $1.2 billion at an average price of $255.29 per share. As
of February 28, we had approximately $5 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in February,
we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.88 per share for a total of $561 million. This represented a 10%
increase over last year. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.88 per share
to be paid on May 14, a 10% increase over last year.

So at the halfway point of fiscal '21, we feel really good about our results to date and our positioning for
the remainder of the year, realizing that the pace of recovery is hard to accurately predict. Now let me
turn it back to Julie.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Thank you, KC. Let me start with the environment. We continued to see compressed transformation,
where companies have to simultaneously transform multiple parts of their enterprise and reskill their
people in what previously would have been sequential programs. They're doing so to replatform their

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

businesses in the cloud, address cost pressures, build resilience and security, adjust their operations and
customer experiences and find new sources of growth.

COVID has hit a giant fast-forward button to the future, and we believe the demand to innovate at
unprecedented speed and scale with rapid adoption of cloud, AI and other disruptive technologies is
accelerating. For digital leaders, we see them no longer strictly competing for market share but to build
their vision of the future faster than the competition. And for digital laggards, they are determined to not
simply catch up but to leapfrog.

While COVID has accelerated the demand, the reality is that the extent of transformation ahead is
enormous. The move from approximately 20% to 80% in the cloud alone is a huge undertaking. And
it is just the start as companies will then continue to invest to grow and innovate on their new cloud
foundations, which leads me to the role we are playing.

In Q2, our engines of growth across Accenture have roared to life to meet these needs of our clients, and
we see strong momentum going into Q3. I will share some color and examples.

We called the "once in a digital era" replatforming of businesses into the cloud in September 2020, when
we created Accenture Cloud First to bring industry, cloud and state-of-the-art change management and
transformation together. We saw this quarter's strong double-digit growth in cloud overall as well as the
subset of Accenture Cloud First which growth was even higher. Intelligent platform services, which is
essential to building the digital core of our clients, is back to high single-digit growth as companies resume
this critical aspect of their transformation.

Applied intelligence with our data and AI solutions and security, both sizable but still in the early stages of
the scale we expect long term, both had strong double-digit growth in Q2. Operations grew double-digits
as companies seek to digitize their enterprises, leveraging our deep industry and functional expertise in
AI-driven SynOps platform. Interactive improved and grew high single digits, as companies continue to
shift to digital channels, meet cost efficiencies around sales and marketing to invest in new capabilities,
seek more data-driven marketing campaigns and compete for customers and employees on the experience
they provide. Industry X, which is helping diversify our sources of revenue in the enterprise, grew strong
double digits, driven by the need for product engineers to accelerate the time to market of smarter and
more sustainable products and the need to enhance the efficiency and flexibility of manufacturing facilities
and the ability to interconnect machines and operate remotely.

These engines of growth are multiservice, bringing the best of Accenture's strategy in consulting,
interactive technology and operation services together to create value. We are distinctive because no
other competitor has our scale and breadth of services which allows us to seamlessly serve the different
dimensions of compressed transformations. We also are able to give our clients speed and cost levers
through our managed services to digitize using our assets and platforms and address cost pressures.
Furthermore, our distinctive capabilities in industry, innovation and investment are clear differentiators.
Our strong strategy and consulting practitioners bring deep industry expertise to all functions of the
enterprise and help bring together our services to deliver to our clients, often informed by cross-industry
insights such as for payments and omnichannel engagement.

Our ability and commitment to consistently invest in acquisitions, R&D and our people is unmatched in our
industry. And our clients know that through our investments and focus on innovation, we will help future-
proof them, such as our innovation in emerging technologies like the work Accenture Labs is doing, testing
applications using neuromorphic computing, where circuits are modeled after systems in the human brain
and nervous system to deliver new AI capabilities. And our 360-degree value strategy, which seeks to
bring talent upskilling, diversity and inclusion and sustainability to our work, is resonating with our clients
as they seek to make progress as they transform.

Two great examples of compressed transformation, strong leaders and our 360-degree value strategy are
AIG and Shiseido. We are partnering with AIG, a leading global insurance organization, to help them drive
their AIG 200 program, which is designed to achieve underwriting excellence, modernize their operating
infrastructure, enhance user and customer experience and become a more unified company. This quarter,
we acquired AIG's shared services operations, which we will transform to serve AIG to create a modern

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

digital shared services platform with end-to-end processes that will improve the user experience using our
SynOps platform. And consistent with our 360-degree value strategy, we are investing in upskilling our
new employees.

We have entered into a strategic partnership with Shiseido, a leading global beauty company
headquartered in Japan. Shiseido has launched a fundamental business transformation aiming to become
a global leader in premium skin beauty by 2030 under its new medium- to long-term strategy WIN 2023
and Beyond. We are partnering with Shiseido to accelerate digital transformation and create personalized
and seamless customer experiences; design, develop and implement a cloud-based system that will help
it adopt processes that enable continuous financial reporting, better forecasting accuracy and more precise
inventory management. We are helping them use AI, analytics and automation to create new business
value and helping their employees gain high-level digital skills.

We are working with Specsavers, the U.K.-based leader in optometry, audiology and other health care
services, to reimagine and transform their entire IT organization through our Living Systems approach. We
are leveraging new ways of working and agile foundations to capture efficiencies and reduce costs while
positioning the company for growth and diversification to drive business resilience. With our managed
security services, we are helping a central bank in Asia strengthen their resilience against cyber threats
and build in the flexibility to securely grow their payment transactions from millions to billions at speed
and scale.

Our Industry X team is helping Formula 1 relaunch its F1 TV Grand Prix Racing product by using the cloud-
based Accenture video solution, live streams from 20 trackside and onboard cameras and a growing range
of connected devices. We are continuously innovating to embed intelligence in their platform to deliver the
best possible viewer experience.

Now let me turn to Accenture's greatest and undeniable competitive advantage, our nearly 537,000
people. They are at the heart of our outstanding results. Fundamental to our core values is to care deeply
for our people, and we place significant importance on providing a meaningful employee experience.

For almost every person around the world, living and working during the pandemic has been challenging.
To help our people succeed both professionally and personally during this time, we have put in place many
programs. For example, we are partnering with Bright Horizons in the U.S. through development of an
innovative program for school-aged children to receive proctoring for their virtual studies and homework.
We have extended telemedicine to parents of our employees in India. And we are providing industry-
leading mental wellness programs, including Thriving Mind, a holistic well-being program that teaches us
about the science behind stress and how to recharge your brain's battery. We are proud that more than
160,000 of our people have completed the program with impressive results, including nearly 9 out of 10
participants reported feeling significantly better able to handle challenges in the workplace.

Equally important is our focus on vibrant career paths. We have maintained pay increases, bonuses
and promotions, both in our normal December time period as well as an added round of promotions
in February, enabling us to promote in total at the same level as the prior year. Additionally, we will
expand our regular midyear promotions this coming June to include managing directors, a first in our
company's history, as one more way we continue to create new opportunities for our people. And today,
we are announcing a special onetime bonus for all of our people below managing director to recognize the
contributions and dedication to our clients during this difficult year.

Continuous learning also is a defining feature of Accenture. We continued to invest in our people and their
market-leading skills with a 28% increase in training hours and 25% increase in hours per person just this
quarter.

And coming back to our ability to attract talent. We know that people want to work for companies that not
only create value but also lead with values. We are proud this quarter to have been named for the 14th
consecutive year on Ethisphere's World's Most Ethical Companies list and for the 19th consecutive year on
Fortune's World's Most Admired Companies.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

Our strategic decision to preserve our talent last year, including our recorders -- recruiters, provided a
strong base to meet the surge in demand we have experienced. Recruiting, hiring and managing supply
and demand has always been a core competency, and we are confident in our ability to attract talent and
continue to meet the increased demand. We increased hiring approximately 50% both year-over-year and
since last quarter, and we've onboarded over 100,000 people virtually over the last 12 months with new
innovative approaches.

I would like to recognize the extraordinary leadership and efforts of our Chief Leadership and Human
Resources Officer, Ellyn Shook, and her outstanding team around the globe for how they have helped care
for our people throughout the pandemic, guided us through health and safety of COVID, are ensuring that
we are continuously reskilling our people and have helped us manage and realize the incredible expansion
of our talent to meet the needs of our clients.

Over to you, KC, for a look ahead.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Julie. Let me now turn to our business outlook.

For the third quarter of fiscal '21, we expect revenues to be in the range of $12.55 billion to $12.95 billion.
This assumes the impact of FX will be about positive 4.5% compared to the third quarter of fiscal '20
and reflects an estimated 10% to 13% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year '21, based upon
how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we continue to expect the impact of FX on
our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately positive 3% compared to fiscal '20. For the full fiscal '21,
we now expect our revenue to be in the range of 6.5% to 8.5% growth in local currency over fiscal '20,
including approximately negative 1% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel, based on a 2%
reduction in the first half of the year and no material impact in the second half of the year.

For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year '21 to be 15% to 15.1%, a 30 to 40 basis point expansion
of our fiscal '20 results. We continue to expect our annual adjusted effective tax rate to be in the range of
23% to 25%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.9% in fiscal '20.

For earnings per share, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '21 to be in the range of $8.67 to
$8.85. We now expect adjusted full year diluted EPS to be in the range of $8.32 to $8.50 or 12% to 14%
growth over adjusted fiscal '20 results.

For the full fiscal '21, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $7.65 billion to $8.15
billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million and free cash flow to be in the
range of $7 billion to $7.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a very strong free cash
flow to adjusted net income ratio of 1.3 to 1.4. Finally, we now expect to return at least $5.8 billion, an
increase of $500 million, through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a
substantial portion of cash to our shareholders.

With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie?

Angie Park
Managing Director & Head of Investor Relations

Thanks, KC. [Operator Instructions]
Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Terrific results here. I can't remember, I was thinking, the last time you guys raised your margin outlook,
especially against such strong bookings and investments like Cloud First you talked about plus this
onetime bonus to employees, et cetera. So what's different this time to allow you to do that, to raise
margins modestly against some good momentum here?

And I'll ask my follow-up just together with this, which is, given the big bookings, thinking about contract
execution, do you feel good about sort of the level of expectations you need to deliver here to keep this
momentum going? Because I know you put a lot of hard work into driving up the bookings here, but I'm
curious if there's anything different to consider here with contract execution looking ahead.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Okay. Thanks, Tien-Tsin. So in terms of operating margin, let me just cover with you what's the driver
this year of our 30 to 40 basis points operating margin expansion. And you're right, it is unusual for us
to expand our operating margin halfway through the year. And so implied in our guidance for the year
is obviously continued healthy margin expansion in the back half. That's in addition, Tien-Tsin, to the 40
basis points that we've already done year-to-date and then, as I've mentioned, which does include the
impact of the onetime bonus that we're doing for employees below managing director.

And I'll just maybe highlight a few things in terms of drivers for the expansion this year. I mean as always,
we first look to strong revenue growth. So -- and we have that again this year, and that's coming along
with increased contract profitability. We do have increased contract profitability coming through in our
gross margin in the first half of the year, and that's really the first lever that we always look at.

Within this year uniquely is -- are a couple of things. One is utilization. So we are getting some additional
margin expansion this year based on our higher utilization rate. We talked about that last quarter, that
we're looking to bring that down to more normal levels. It did go up this quarter, and we're still working
on that. But clearly, in the first half of the year and into the second half, there will be some benefit to
operating margin expansion on that.

And the second part is due to the lower travel events and meetings spend this year. So we are going
to benefit from that overall for the full year, but that benefit really is in the first half of the year. As the
baseline last year in the back half is -- as you know, we really didn't travel or have meetings, so it's not a
benefit that we'll have in the back half of the year.

And so I think, overall, the key thing though in operating margin is that we always look to drive strong
underlying profitability because we want to ensure that we're investing first in our business because
we want to drive long-term shareholder value. And so that's really the critical part that we're able to
continue to invest in our business and in our people and in acquisitions while, at the same time, expanding
operating margin significantly.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Yes. And Tien-Tsin, why don't I take the -- I'll take the question about execution. We're very confident
about our ability to execute. And let me just remind you that one of the things that's really benefiting us is
just our absolute excellent performance when the pandemic started and we had to move all of our people
from our centers while our clients were having to move remotely.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

As you'll recall, I shared that we closed the books for 70 public companies and we did so without missing
a beat; that we, on average, pre pandemic, have a new release every 15 minutes, 24 hours a day on the
technology, say, 7 days a week and we have continued with that execution. And in fact, one of the things
that we believe is driving our growth is that we enhanced our standing with our clients because of how
we've been able to execute while, at the same time, we helped many of them move online.

So we feel very good.

Our centers and our people across the globe in terms of delivery are just amazing. And I should thank
them because, at the end of the day, that's what really matters for our people, and we really just have
exceptional people.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis from MoffettNathanson.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Nice results here. Julie, I wanted to kind of rewind the clock back to early 2020, which obviously feels
like eons ago now, but when you reorganized Accenture to pivot to more focus on the geographies and
geographic expansion. Now that we're a year plus in and the dust had settled a little bit, can you just
kind of bring us back to that and reflect on what's working well with that pivot, what's working maybe
less well or has been more challenging than you expected and what's different about operating in growth
markets? Just realizing that those -- that the growth markets are an important part of the growth story for
Accenture going forward.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Sure. Great question. One of the things that we look back on internally as a leadership team was that
we actually were very bold in our ambition in my first year as CEO to actually put that new model in
place only 6 months into the fiscal year and change our P&L in the middle of the fiscal year. And we look
back and often use it as a lesson as to speed matters because, as you think about our execution during
the last 12 months, we did so with a new leadership team and a new way of working. And what it really
demonstrated was we made the right strategic move.

Driving the move from industry to geography were a few things. And remember, what we did was we also
put digital everywhere, so we simplified because digital is now the core of our business. But the first thing
is what we call the client proximity imperative. We had such scale in all of our markets. We wanted to
put our leaders really closer to our clients while, at the same time, really enhancing the ability to move
innovation around the world. And we did that by massively simplifying. And so we -- at the one hand,
we're -- we made a geographic P&L.. But on the other hand, we made critical changes to actually make it
easier to move innovation around the world.

And secondly, we felt as if the ability to simplify and then have teams come together across our
services would really unlock value. And of course, we did that before we had COVID, but we've seen the
acceleration of the need for that because our clients are really looking for the ability to bring outcomes.
And so just think about the work that we are doing right now.

Like I take BBVA, which you may know is a customer-centric global financial services company
headquartered in Spain. And we have worked with them to move -- they wanted to increase their digital
sales, and that brings together operation -- all of our interactive capabilities like paid media, search engine
optimization, analytics and marketing operation, plus our deep industry experience. And with our support
over the last 12 months, they've grown their digital sales more than 50%, and they saw an increase in
digital customers by more than 50%. The ability to bring those services together seamlessly to deliver
those outcomes has really been enabled by that growth model to both simplify, recognize that the core of
our business is now digital cloud and security and enable us to really meet the needs of the client globally.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

In terms of growth markets, there's really nothing different there. I mean the geographic model helps
us both focus on the opportunity in each of the markets while, at the same time, really connecting the
innovation and being able to serve global clients better.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Terrific. Maybe my quick follow-up is maybe for KC, a follow-up on Tien-Tsin's question. I know you said
yes, you're running a little hot on utilization right now, and you commented on that as well last quarter.
I'm curious though, with the shift to remote work, one, do you think that shift is going to remain more
permanent? And will it allow you to actually maintain a higher level of utilization on a more permanent
basis?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So thanks, Lisa, for the question. Yes, I will just reiterate. We are trying to -- we are working to get it
back -- our utilization back into a more normal range as they did tick up this quarter, and this really is tied
to the increased demand that came back hotter than we expected, right? So -- but we continue to believe
that the right answer for our people is to lower it back into our more normal historical ranges.

And in terms of the structural -- is there a structural change? I believe no, that over time, there's really
not a structural change in utilization. There is probably some increase right now due to remote working,
but we don't see on a go forward any long-term structural change in our utilization rate.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Yes. And just to remember, Lisa, like we have a very important value proposition that includes being able
to do continuous learning but also the right level of time to do strategic thinking, for example, and to
come together around important initiatives. And so that's why we believe that, over time, we really should
get back into kind of a more normal regardless of where people are working from.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Congratulations, these are tremendous results. Just I hate to keep bringing up margin again and again,
but one thing I did not necessarily hear you explicitly call out was pricing, which one might expect
given sort of a price-for-value component given the pivot; the mix as you primarily do digital, cloud and
security; and also, frankly, a shortage of resources, which was also going to be my follow-up question.
Is -- your attrition has ticked up but still below historical levels. I see all the steps you took towards
employee health, wellness, eventually controlling attrition. But as demand accelerates across the industry,
do you expect inflation to return to historical like mid-, upper-teens type levels?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So thanks, Ashwin, for the question. So I'll cover the pricing point, and I'll hand it over to Julie to talk
about attrition.

So maybe let's start with context overall and what we're seeing in the overall market and the business
environment. So as we've been saying, we continue to see that the business environment does remain
competitive. And in some areas, we experienced pricing pressure, but we are seeing signs of stability,
right? So that's probably the first key point.

In terms of the pricing that we have across our different markets or services, as you know, the pricing can
vary depending on what it is that we're selling and in what markets that -- we're doing that commercial

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

arrangement. But what is important, what stays the same is that we always look to make sure that we
are doing a smart commercial arrangement that benefits both our clients and Accenture. And that's a key
part of our 360-degree value. But as it relates to what we're actually delivering in terms of profitability,
I do want to highlight that within our operating margin and within gross margin, we haven't expanded
the delivery of client profitability and contract profitability. So that's a key part of our operating margin
expansion for the year.

And Julie, you want to talk about attrition?

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Yes. Look, I think it's -- I think we would expect that we're going to go back to sort of industry norms on
attrition, although we'll always work hard to not do that, right? And we do believe that we're benefiting
right now from the way we have cared for and -- our people and the decisions we made to preserve our
talent and invest in keeping them through the lower demand there is. So -- but certainly, we're tuned as
a company to be able to grow and recruit at this level and at the more normal levels, as you said, in the
higher teens.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank.

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Congratulations from me as well. Just thinking, Julie, about this more structurally longer term. Is this
growth rate -- the back half growth rate obviously being really strong in the back half, double-digit growth,
implied for both the third and the fourth quarter. How has the pandemic changed things that this could be
maybe more sustainable than just kind of a onetime pickup in growth and maybe the growth could be -- I
know we've talked about in the past 5% to 8% constant-currency growth. Just wondering if that formula
has potentially changed in the future due to the pull forward of some of the digital transformation from the
pandemic.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

So we knew someone was going to try to get us to look ahead for next year, but we're not going to. But
let me just -- so instead of trying to look ahead to next year and thinking about next year, let's maybe just
focus on how we are looking at our business right now. So if you think about the last 6 years, when we
started digital, we rotated our business so that now the core of our business is digital, cloud, security and
all of our services, meaning not just from a technical perspective. And so think about what we have built
are engines of growth as the core of our business, which is what we went through when you think about
cloud, Industry X, applied intelligence, operation, the things we went through on our script today.

And so we have these engines of growth which we continue to invest in. And I think what's really
important in the way we think about our business is we're -- for example, cloud, we already scaled. We
told you last quarter it was $12 million in FY '20, but it's growing double-digits because we're at the very
early stages of it. And when you think about Accenture Cloud First, we brought together, right, all of
our services from strategy and consulting to experience, to cloud, industry experience because not only
are companies having to migrate to the cloud but they need to create value. Like we're working with an
American entertainment company where we're helping them use -- leverage the cloud to accelerate the
time to market of new video services, right? So it's not about the migration, it's about the value.

And so think about our business as having built these engines of growth, some of which already
have massive scale and are continuing. And then others like Industry X -- Industry X is the way that
we're going to continue to diversify our revenue sources for resilience over the long term. We made 2
acquisitions this quarter, SALT Solutions and Myrtle Consulting Group, to help build our manufacturing and
supply chain. We're going to continue to invest there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

We think about that as the next Interactive, right, in terms of building this new area. And we're at this
amazing tipping point right now where we're seeing an acceleration of digitization in manufacturing and in
product engineering. And so we continue to think about how do we both make sure these growth engines
are going but never have to have another rotation because we're always investing.

And I mean the last point I would just say is our capacity to invest in acquisitions has been a huge
differentiator in building the business we have today, as being the core of our business is now these
engines of growth. And we continue to execute on that in all of our major strategic areas and the
next scale plays. And I'd call out the 2 we made this quarter in cloud, for example, Infinity Works and
Edenhouse.

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Got it, got it. And just, KC, a quick follow-up. Will -- travel and reimbursables, will that go up back to the
norms of previous past? I'm just trying to figure out if some of that -- obviously, some of that travel work
doesn't have to continue until the model slightly changes on that front.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So that's a great question, Bryan. So let me just first tell you what we've assumed as it relates to
kind of our revenue. So we do not have in our revenue guidance an increase in travel -- revenue from
travel-related expenses. Now obviously, we're continuing to meet with our clients and do well -- and
engage with them, as you can see, from our record bookings and our really strong revenue growth. But
we don't have any of that in -- we don't have that significantly embedded in our revenue.

In terms of for the rest of the year, we'll continue to see where we are with the travel and events and
meetings. As we go throughout the rest of the year and into next year, it's really kind of too early to tell.

Julie, I don't know if you want to add anything.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Yes, I'd agree. I mean look, I'm having lots of conversations with companies who are just trying to figure
this out, right? Will travel -- will it actually explode once people feel safe because they need to reconnect?
Will it structurally shift? And I would say that it's really -- we think it's too early, and companies are really
kind of all over the map. And hopefully, we'll have a lot better sense as we get through the next 6 months
and we see vaccinations, variants and how comfortable people are, but it's still pretty unclear.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning from Baird.

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Nice job. And I guess my first question, outsourcing growth was the strongest, I think, in 6 years, and
that's really not on an easy comp either. You had a pretty normal Q2 of last year in terms of growth. I'm
wondering, is there something within outsourcing that has kind of step-function change to just a better
level than normal? Or has something happened there that's really triggering growth in such a stable part
of your business typically?

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Well, it's a great question. And this really is a big driver of how well we're doing now because in this
-- when you have compressed transformation where the companies need to do so much at the same
time, there's a really sharp focus on: What do I need to do? How do I source the talent, right? And that
conversation has absolutely gone faster.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

But also, how can I digitize every part of the organization? And what Accenture has, which is very unique,
is this investment we've been making for years in the SynOps platform, for example, in operations
and in technology, things like myWizard and myConcerto, which builds in best-of-class AI, machine
learning, rapid testing. And these are platforms that we continuously invest in. And so when you -- what's
happening here is that we're helping them digitize. We're helping them focus on what do they really need
to have in-house versus can leverage in order to go faster.

But one thing I want to be really, really clear about is although our strategy and consulting business
continued to have a high single-digit decline, it was better than we expected. Strategy and consulting is
absolutely essential to all of these results, including outsourcing, because what we are bringing to them,
right, is not simply always at a lower cost. It's increases in sales through our marketing operations like the
BBVA example I gave, right? It's manufacturing. At AIG, which I talked about, it's insurance, right, as well
as deep process skills. It is helping them transform the ways they're working by being integrated with us
where we're bringing modern ways of working and digital.

And so this is what distinguishes us as a company for our clients. It's not -- for you guys, it's type of work,
outsourcing versus consulting, which is basically managed services, it's project work. For our clients, it's
our ability to bring all these services together, which is why I emphasize that each of the examples I gave
in my script, and I gave you many more, really are pulling all of these things together for an outcome. And
when you're going through compressed transformation, that's more important than ever.

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Great. That's great. And I guess my just quick follow-up. Every vertical accelerated in the quarter except
for Resources. And so I'm just wondering on that vertical specifically. That got a little worse, but that hits
really easy comps in the back half. Anything to kind of call out there on momentum kind of reaccelerating
in the future?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Dave. So Resources, it came in, in the zone that we expected it to. And I'd just point out a
couple of things.

So we've talked about the industry is more impacted by the pandemic, and Resources clearly has one of
those, which is energy, and that continued to be under pressure. And I would also say that our clients in
the chemicals industry also have been feeling some pressure as well. But you've -- we've seen stability in
our utilities portfolio, which is good. And go forward, as we look into Q3, we do see an improvement in the
Resources growth rate.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Yes. And by the way, this is where Industry X is going to be so critical. For example, we're working with a
North America -- one of the largest oil integrators in the world in reimagining their plants from both health
and safety, security and efficiency perspective. I was just in our brand-new OT security lab in Houston
last week. Yes, I actually did go on a business trip. And a big focus of OT security is across all of our bold
process and discrete manufacturing.

So they're -- obviously, as an industry -- set of industries, they've been impacted. But if you think about
where we're focused and how we're going to help them from efficiency and safety and security, it's great.
We're well positioned.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley.

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

And I wanted to go back to one of the comments you made in the prepared remarks in terms of increasing
your programmatic V&A. And wondering if you could just give us a little color on how we should think
about contribution from that, specific areas of focus, durability, et cetera. Just trying to understand how
you're thinking about that initiative, which seems really important.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So thanks for the question. You're absolutely right. I mean our ability to invest significantly in our
business, and that includes V&A, is a key competitive advantage. And I would just say we've been at this
for a long time, to your point. It's been a core part of our strategy since 2013. On average, we've done
about 20% of our operating cash flow to V&A, and that's -- our updated guidance of about up to $2 billion
-- at least $2 billion puts us in that same zone.

So -- but it's not just being able to acquire. It's successful integration. And so you can see that, that
typically provides about 2% of inorganic contribution. In this year, it's going to be more in the 2.5% zone.
So we really are very focused on that as a key part of our strategy, and we will look to continue to invest.
And as we've said, we can always -- we can do more than the $2 billion if the opportunity presents itself,
but it is a key part of our investment portfolio.

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And just turning operationally for my follow-up question. Can you give some color on how much of the
strong demand that you're seeing is driven by your partner network this year and where you're seeing
most strength there and I guess how you would think about that part of business generation evolving over
the next few quarters and periods?

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Look, our ecosystem partners are absolutely essential to our growth. I called them out in our script. We're
really proud to be the #1 or #2 partner with all of the major ecosystem partners. And what we uniquely
bring is -- because of the strength of our relationships, we can really bring integrated value propositions to
our clients. And so those relationships are very high priority and to -- and important to our future growth.

Angie Park
Managing Director & Head of Investor Relations

Operator, we have time for one more question, and then Julie will wrap up the call.

Operator

That question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen.

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

A question on the outsourcing and operations strength. So you highlighted the AIG shared services deal
this quarter. Have you seen a pickup in captive acquisition opportunities that you've acted upon here
over the last several quarters? And I'm curious how we should think about this mix contributing to your
outperformance and the pipeline going forward.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Well, we've shared in prior calls that we do see more interest in captives. We're starting to see us execute
on some of them. But I think it's too early to say whether that's going to be a big part of the mix or not.
For the reasons I've talked about, we can go in and help digitize.

KC, do you want to add anything?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I would just say in terms of what we see in terms of the mix, for H2, we still see a double-digit
growth in outsourcing. And for the full year, I think we'll end up with high single to low double-digit
positive growth in terms -- to give you some sense of the mix.

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Appreciate that. And then just on H&PS and Financial Services, so those both clearly had outsized
performance in the quarter. Can you just talk about the key contributors underlying those 2?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So we were really pleased with H&PS and Financial Services growth this quarter. H&PS continues to
be growth that we've seen in public service and the work that we've been doing during -- not just only but
clearly led by a lot of the work that we're doing within the COVID space. And then in Financial Services,
we're pleased that we do have strength in our banking and capital markets, and that's a statement
globally as it relates to particularly -- and not only in our business in Europe but all over, including North
America. So very strong performance in both of those, and we expect that to continue.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Yes. And it's the things that are -- it's cloud, right? It's -- there's a big movement to cloud. It's digital
experience. It's more like the example I gave, BBVA. It's basically all the trends that we've talked about
that are playing out really across industry, and Financial Services is one of the less -- more moderate
impacted industries and they're investing.

Okay. Great. Well, thank you again for joining today, and thank you again to all of our incredible people
around the globe. And as always, I just want to end by thanking our shareholders for your continued trust
in us. May everyone stay well and healthy.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and
for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ACCENTURE PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

