Aflac Incorporated NYSE:AFL
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 29, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.28

1.59

Revenue  (mm)

5366.98

5564.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-29-2021 10:30 AM GMT

24.22

3.67

1.26

5.33

5.16

5338.46

21520.27

21181.78

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.14

1.04

1.21

1.28

1.39

1.05

1.51

1.59

21.93 %

0.96 %

24.79 %

24.22 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AFLAC INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Daniel Paul Amos
Chairman & CEO

David A. Young
Vice President of Investor & Rating
Agency Relations

Frederick John Crawford
President & COO

James Todd Daniels
Executive VP, Director & CFO of
Aflac Life Insurance Japan

Koichiro Yoshizumi
Senior Managing Executive Officer,
Executive VP & Assistant to the
Director of Sales and Marketing

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Masatoshi Koide
President, CEO & Representative
Director

Max Kristian Broden
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Nigel Phillip Dally
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Teresa Lynne White
President of Aflac US

Virgil R. Miller
Executive VP & President of Group
& Individual Benefits Divisions

ANALYSTS

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AFLAC INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Aflac Incorporated 2021 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
Please be advised today's conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Young, Vice President of Aflac Investor and Ratings
Agency Relations. Please go ahead.

David A. Young
Vice President of Investor & Rating Agency Relations

Thank you, Andrea. Good morning, and welcome to Aflac Incorporated Second Quarter Earnings Call.
As always, we have posted our earnings release and financial supplement to investors.aflac.com. This
morning, we will be hearing remarks about the quarter related to our operations in Japan and the United
States amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated, will
begin with an overview of our operations in Japan and the U.S. Fred Crawford, President and COO of Aflac
Incorporated, will then touch briefly on conditions in the quarter and discuss key initiatives, including how
we are navigating the pandemic. Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, will
conclude our prepared remarks with a summary of second quarter financial results and current capital and
liquidity.

Members of our U.S. executive management team joining us for the Q&A segment of the call are: Teresa
White, President of Aflac U.S.; Virgil Miller, President of Individual and Group Benefits; Eric Kirsch, Global
Chief Investment Officer and President of Aflac Global Investments; [ Al Roziere ], Global Chief Risk
Officer and Chief Actuary; June Howard, Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Beaver, CFO of Aflac U.S. We
are also joined by members of our executive management team in Tokyo at Aflac Life Insurance Japan:
Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide,
President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and CFO; and Koichiro Yoshizumi, Director,
Deputy President and Director, Sales and Marketing.

Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal
securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that
they will be -- will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ
materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K
for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the
earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-U.S. GAAP
measures.

I'll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?

Daniel Paul Amos
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, David, and good morning, and thank you for joining us. With the pandemic conditions to
evolve, we remain cautiously optimistic and vigilant as the vaccination efforts continue in the face of
uncertainty associated with the emerging variants. I am proud of our response over the last year and our
ability to adapt to what has been a very challenging time for everyone, and I continue to pray each day for
everyone affected.

Adjusted earnings per diluted share, excluding foreign currency impact, increased 24.2% for the quarter
and 24.5% for the year. While earnings are off to a very strong start for the first half of the year, it's
important to bear in mind that they are largely supported by a low benefit ratio associated with the
pandemic conditions as well as a better-than-expected return on alternative investments. At the same
time, sales improved year-over-year for the first time during the pandemic in the second quarter in both
the United States and Japan.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AFLAC INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

As part of our strategy, we strive to be where people want to purchase insurance. That applies to both
Japan and the United States. Face-to-face sales are still the most effective way for us to convey the
financial protection only Aflac products provide. However, the pandemic has clearly demonstrated the
need for virtual means. In other words, non-face-to-face sales that help us reach potential customers and
provide them with the protection that they need.

We have continued to invest in tools from a distribution in both countries and to integrate these
investments into our operation. Recognizing the uncertain nature of recovery from the pandemic, we
expect a stronger second half of the year in both countries, especially if the communities and businesses
continue to open up, which would allow more face-to-face interactions.

Keeping vaccinations in mind, right now, I'm addressing our employees in a way that is similar to how
I talk to my family, keeping them informed with the medical community by bringing doctors in but also
by encouraging them to get COVID-19 vaccinations as I want people to avoid being sick or even worse,
becoming a casualty of the virus or variant.

Looking at our operations in Japan, in the second quarter, Aflac Japan generated solid financial growth
results as reflected in its profit margin of 26.5%. This was above the outlook range provided at the 2020
Financial Analyst Briefing. Aflac Japan also reported strong premium persistency of 94.7%. Sales improved
year-over-year, generating an increase of 38.4% for the quarter and 15.7% for the first 6 months. These
results reflect easier comps, improved pandemic conditions and a boost from the first quarter launch of
our new medical product.

While sales in the first half of 2021 are at approximately 65% of 2019 levels, we continue to navigate
evolving pandemic conditions in Japan. The states of emergency have been in the targeted areas,
especially Tokyo and Okinawa. However, cases have begun increasing in Tokyo and Osaka metropolitan
area, and we expect the Japanese government to make a determination soon to expand the declaration
of the state of emergency to 3 other prefectures surrounding Tokyo and Osaka. But most importantly,
these states of emergencies are less restricted and limited in scope and do not represent lockdowns as
experienced in other countries.

Japan, post-resumption of proactive sales starting in April, is contributing toward a gradual improvement
in Aflac's cancer insurance sales, and we continue to work to strengthen the strategic alliance to create a
sustained cycle of growth for both companies. In June, for example, Aflac and Japan Post Holding, Japan
Post Company and Japan Post Insurance, reached agreements to further the strategic alliance in a matter
consistent with Japan Post Group's 5-year medium-term management plan, which was announced in May.
While we do not expect this to have an immediate impact on sales recovery, it will further position our
company for long-term growth as we respond to customers' needs, provide customer-centric services and
create shared value of resolving societal and local community issues.

Turning to Aflac U.S., we saw a strong profit margin of 24.4 -- 25.4% and very strong premium
persistency of 80.1%. As expected, we also saw sequential sales improvement and more opportunities for
face-to-face activities. As a result of softer sales a year earlier and more face-to-face opportunities, sales
increased 64.1% for the quarter and are at a 73% of the first half of the 2019 levels.

In the U.S., small businesses are still in a recovery mode, which we expect to continue through 2021. At
the same time, larger businesses remain primarily focused on returning employees to the worksite. As I
stated earlier, we will focus on being able to sell and service customers, whether in-person or virtually.
In addition, we continue to build out the U.S. product portfolio with previously acquired businesses, Aflac
Network Dental and Vision and Premier Life and Disability. While these acquisitions have a modest near-
term impact on the top line, they better position Aflac for future long-term success in the U.S.

Meanwhile, strong persistency, underwriting profits and investment income continue to drive strong pretax
margins in the United States as they do in Japan. As always, we place significant importance on continuing
to achieve strong capital ratios in the U.S. and in Japan on behalf of our policyholders and investors. We
remain committed to prudent liquidity and capital management. We treasure our 38-year track record of
dividend growth and remain committed to extending it, supported by the strength of the capital and the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AFLAC INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

cash flows. At the same time, we will continue to tactically repurchase shares, focus on integrating the
growth investments that we've made in our platform.

We are well positioned as we work toward achieving long-term growth, while also ensuring we deliver on
our promise to our policyholders. By doing so, we look to emerge from this period in a continued position
of strength and leadership and look forward to sharing more about the strategic and financial priorities at
our financial analyst briefing on November 16, 2021.

So now I turn the program over to Fred. Fred?

Frederick John Crawford
President & COO

Thank you, Dan. I'm going to focus my comments on activities to restore our production platform and
progress on growth strategies. Beginning with Aflac Japan, we are focused on 3 areas in building back to
pre-pandemic levels of production: product development, online or digital assisted sales and specific sales
efforts within the Japan Post platform.

With respect to product development, we continue to see positive reception to our revised medical
product, EVER Prime. Medical product sales for the first half of the year are up roughly 48% over the same
period in 2020 and have approached pre-pandemic levels down only 4% from the 2019 period. We are
gaining back market share in this highly competitive medical market. Earlier this year, we launched our
first short-term insurance product under a newly-formed subsidiary called SUDACHI. The product is a
small amount, substandard medical product targeting customers who do not qualify for traditional medical
coverage. In the second quarter, we have registered close to 600 agencies with SUDACHI and issued
about 230 policies. We are in the very early stages of this initiative, but over time, we anticipate adding
additional short-term health and income support products.

We are in the process of developing a new care product aimed at supplemental elderly care coverage
provided by the Government of Japan. We will provide strategic context and timing around this product
in the coming months, but we believe this product line will mature into a meaningful driver of future third
sector sales, with an aging population and in anticipation of a continued shift in financial burden from the
government to individuals.

Turning to distribution, we have technology in place to allow agents to pivot from face-to-face to virtual
sales. On March 26, we launched a national advertising campaign promoting this capability. In the second
quarter, we have processed over 14,000 online applications as compared to nearly 8,000 in the first
quarter. On Japan Post, proposal activity has increased month-to-month as sales training and promotion
permeates the 20,000 branches that sell our insurance. Through the month of June, Aflac Japan has
conducted over 35,000 training sessions with Japan Post sales agents nationwide, along with providing
contact information on nearly 700,000 existing cancer policyholders to inform on the latest coverage
advantages. Activities in the third quarter include visits with regional office managers in the JP system and
post office visits to reinforce the sales process.

Turning to the U.S., our group voluntary platform continues to respond well with sales exceeding 2019
pre-pandemic levels. Overall, sales recovery is focused on restoring our agent-driven small business
franchise hurt by the pandemic. Critical areas of investment include recruiting, converting recruits to
weekly producers and product development. In terms of recruiting, we have refocused our efforts in
the past year on broker recruiting, with new appointments exceeding pre-pandemic levels. Appointing
small business brokers takes time to convert into production but is critical to expanding our reach and
gaining traction in the dental and vision markets. Individual agent recruiting remains under pressure, and
we are running at 70% of weekly producers we enjoyed pre-pandemic. Agent recruiting is impacted by
onboarding and training under COVID restrictions, tight labor markets and employment subsidy programs,
all of which we expect to subside later in the year.

Our Network Dental product is approved in 43 states and Vision in 42 states, with more states coming
online later in the year. We are completing national training programs and have about 50% of trained
agents who have quoted on our new dental and vision product offerings. It's early, however, we continue

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AFLAC INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

to see our volume building each month, and over 50% of our dental and vision cases include voluntary
benefit sales. We believe this supports our strategic intent to increase access in new accounts and deepen
relationships in our existing accounts. As I said last quarter, our 2021 dental and vision strategy can be
summed up as a year of launch, learn and adjust.

Our Premier Life and Disability platform continues to support their key client relationships and are building
a pipeline of quoted business. Our service model remains exceptional. And since closing, we have not lost
any notable accounts and have seen early interest among some of our larger voluntary benefit clients. In
fact, this morning, Connecticut Governor Ned Lamont announced the selection of Aflac as administrator for
the Connecticut Paid Leave Authority, administering benefits for their statewide paid leave program. This
awarded business would not have been possible without our recently-acquired group capabilities.

With respect to our e-commerce initiative, Aflac Direct, we offer critical illness, accident and cancer
and are now approved in 45 states, including California. As a reminder, this platform is focused on
reaching customers outside the traditional work site. Like most digital sales platforms, we enjoy higher
conversion rates when a digital lead is handed to a licensed call center agent. Currently, most of our leads
are funneled to third-party call center platforms, and we are actively building out an Aflac licensed call
center. Our digital platform overall is experiencing a 16% conversion rate on qualified leads and generally
consistent with many digital D2C insurance platforms. Our consumer market strategy also includes digital
distribution and product partnerships, and while early in development, are designed to expand access to
protection products and increase traffic to our site. Through 6 months in 2021, these 3 platforms, new
platforms, have combined for 5% of sales as they are in the early building and development stages. We
continue to forecast a strong second half based on increased activity and expect these 3 growth initiatives
will contribute upwards of 15% to sales in the second half of 2021.

Aflac Global Investments announced last week, an investment partnership with Denham Capital. Aflac
has made a $2 billion multiyear general account commitment to launch a new debt platform focused on
investing in the senior secured debt of sustainable infrastructure projects. Aflac will hold a 24.9% minority
interest in a newly-created entity Denham Sustainable Infrastructure. We are also making a $100 million
commitment to Denham Equity Fund, focused on sustainable infrastructure investments. We are pleased
to partner with Denham, a recognized and leading investment firm, in the sustainable infrastructure
markets. Under Eric's leadership, this transaction furthers our strategy of partnering with external
managers. We seek alliances with firms that maintain strong track records in specialized asset classes that
play an important role in our portfolio. We then leverage our capital to take a minority stake to further
maximize the potential benefits. When combined with our recent Sound Point capital investment, we
advance our ESG efforts by investing in sustainable infrastructure and distressed communities across the
U.S.

I'll now pass on to Max to discuss our financial performance in more detail. Max?

Max Kristian Broden
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thank you, Fred. Let me begin my comments with a review of our Q2 performance, with a focus on our
core capital and earnings drivers have developed. For the second quarter, adjusted earnings per share
increased 24.2% to $1.59. The slightly weaker yen-dollar exchange rate did not have a significant impact
on adjusted earnings per diluted share. This strong performance for the quarter was largely driven by
lower claims utilization due to the pandemic, especially in the U.S.

In addition, variable investment income [ ran ] $112 million above our long-term return expectations.
Adjusted book value per share, including foreign currency translation gains and losses, grew 20.5%. And
the adjusted ROE, excluding foreign currency impact, was a strong 17%, which is a significant spread to
our cost of capital.

Starting with our Japan segment, total earned premium for the quarter declined 3.8%, reflecting the
impact of first sector policies reaching paid-up status, while earned premium for our third sector products
was down 2.3% due to recent low sales volumes. Japan's total benefit ratio came in at 66.9% for the
quarter, down 290 basis points year-over-year. And the third sector benefit ratio was 56.5%, down 305

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AFLAC INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

basis points year-over-year. We experienced a slightly higher-than-normal IBNR release in our third
sector block as experience continues to come in favorable relative to initial reserving. This quarter, the
IBNR release was primarily due to pandemic conditions, constraining utilization since second quarter of
2020 and year-to-date. Although claims activity have begun to rebound, it remains below longer-term
normalized levels. Auto claim reporting lags require up to a year to mature the data. And now with more
than a year's worth of pandemic data, our estimates are more refined, which has led to increased IBNR
releases. Persistency was down 10 basis points, yet remained strong at 94.7%.

Our adjusted expense ratio in Japan was 20.8%, up 80 basis points year-over-year. We continue our
technology-related investments to convert Aflac Japan to a paperless company, which also includes higher
system maintenance expenses. Additional telework expenses also added to the higher expense ratio in
the quarter. Adjusted net investment income increased 27.4% in yen terms, primarily driven by favorable
returns on our growing alternatives portfolio and lower hedge costs, partially offset by lower reinvestment
yield on our fixed rate portfolio. The pretax margin for Japan in the quarter was 26.5%, up 450 basis
points year-over-year, which was a very favorable result for the quarter. This quarter's strong financial
results leads us to expect the full year benefit ratio for Japan to be at the lower end of the 3-year guidance
range of 68.5% to 71% given at Fab. And the pretax margin to be at the higher end of the 20.5% to
22.5% range.

Turning to U.S. results, net earned premium was down 3.4% due to weaker sales results. Persistency
improved 180 basis points to [ 80.1% ]. 63 basis points of the elevated persistency in both the second
quarter of this year and the prior year can be explained by emergency orders. So there was no net impact
for the quarter year-over-year. 80 basis points of improved persistency in the quarter is attributed to
lower sales, as first year lapse rates are roughly twice total in-force lapse rates. Another 30 basis points
of improved persistency is due to conservation efforts, and the remainder largely comes from improved
experience. Our total benefit ratio came in lower than expected at 43.5% or 80 basis points lower than Q2
2020, which, itself, was heavily impacted by the initial pandemic.

Lower claims utilization impact our estimates for incurred claims as data matures over the course of the
year. As our data matures, we increased our reliance on raw data, and with a year of pandemic data
behind us, we reduced our IBNR to reflect the lower utilization. This quarter, IBNR releases amounted to
5.6 percentage points impact on the benefit ratio, which leads to an underlying benefit ratio, excluding
IBNR releases, of 49.1%. We expect the benefit ratio to increase gradually throughout the remainder of
the year, with the resumption of normal activity in our communities and by our policyholders. For the full
year, we now expect our benefit ratio to be in the range of 45% to 48% versus our original guidance of
48% to 51%.

Our expense ratio in the U.S. was 36.9%, up 160 basis points year-over-year but with a lot of moving
parts. Weaker sales performance negatively impacts revenue, however, the impact to our expense ratio
is offset by lower DAC and commission expense. Higher advertising spend increased the expense ratio by
60 basis points. Our continued buildout of growth initiatives, group life and disability, network dental and
vision and direct to consumer contributed to a 170 basis point increase to the ratio. These strategic growth
investments are largely offset by our efforts to lower core operating expenses as we strive towards being
the low-cost producer in the voluntary benefits space.

Net-net, despite a lot of moving parts, Q2 expenses are tracking according to plan. In the quarter, we also
incurred $5.5 million of integration and transition expenses not included in adjusted earnings associated
with recent acquisitions. Adjusted net investment income in the U.S. was up 9.9%, mainly driven by
favorable variable investment income in the quarter. Profitability in the U.S. segment was very strong with
a pretax margin of 25.4%, with a low benefit ratio as the core driver. With the first half now in the books,
we are increasing our pretax margin expectation for the full year. Initial expectations were for us to be
towards the low end of 16% to 19%. We now expect to end up slightly above the range indicated at fab.

In our Corporate segment, we recorded a pretax loss of $76 million, as adjusted net investment income
was $45 million lower than last year due to low interest rates at the short end of the yield curve and
amortization of certain tax credit investments, which amounted to $30 million this quarter held at the
corporate level. Under U.S. GAAP, we recognized a negative impact to corporate NII, but this is offset by

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AFLAC INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

a lower effective tax rate for the enterprise. This results in a level of reported volatility to our Corporate
segment, but the economic returns on these investments are above our cost of equity capital. To date,
these investments are performing well and in line with expectations.

Our capital position remains strong, and we ended the quarter with an SMR above 900% in Japan and an
RBC of approximately 600% in Aflac Columbus. Unencumbered holding company liquidity stood at $4.4
billion, which was $2 billion above our minimum balance, excluding the $400 million proceeds from the
sustainability bond that we issued in March that reinforced our ESG initiatives and believe that sustainable
investments are also good long-term investments.

Leverage, which includes our sustainability bond, remains at a comfortable 22.8%, in the middle of our
leverage corridor of 20% to 25%. In the quarter, we repurchased $500 million of our own stock and paid
dividends of $223 million, offering good relative IRR on these capital deployments. We will continue to
be flexible and tactical in how we manage the balance sheet and deploy capital to drive the strong risk-
adjusted ROE, with a meaningful spread to our cost of capital.

With that, I'll hand it over to David to begin the Q&A.

David A. Young
Vice President of Investor & Rating Agency Relations
Thank you, Max. Now we are ready to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Andrea, we will take
our first question, please.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AFLAC INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley.

Nigel Phillip Dally
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So I wanted to ask about sales, how they trended throughout the quarter. In the first quarter, they
improved every month. February was better than January, March was better than February. So interested
in how they trended in the second quarter, both in the U.S. and Japan.

Teresa Lynne White
President of Aflac US

Well, the U.S. [indiscernible] Virgil, did you want to speak to the sales trend?

Virgil R. Miller
Executive VP & President of Group & Individual Benefits Divisions

Yes. Nigel, this is Virgil Miller. Let me share with you about our sales trends we've seen in the second
quarter. First, you heard from Fred say that we are very pleased to install in our group side of the
business, we trended positive and favorably once again. We're trending right now about 117% of 2019.
Looking strong. We're looking good with our buy-to-build platforms. We expected to hit our goals for the
end of the year. And then I'll turn to our individual block of the business was really driven by our career
channel. We ran into some headwinds, as you can see, with career recruits.

Overall, recruiting looks strong though. We surpassed our Q1 numbers with our Q2. We're looking strong
with our veteran recruits. One of the things I look at daily is our veterans getting back to business. In
Q1, 73%, we were in 2019 level with our veteran average week of producers. In the second quarter, we
were at 78%, so showing a favorable increase there, and we're looking for that to increase throughout
the second half of the year and have a strong third and fourth quarter. So overall, I would say we're
performing just right at plan when it comes to what we're expecting, a little bit behind with the credit
channel but exceeding with the group channel.

Frederick John Crawford
President & COO

Now maybe turn to Japan to answer Nigel's question.

Masatoshi Koide
President, CEO & Representative Director

[Interpreted] Yes. This is Koide, Aflac Japan. I will have Mr. Yoshizumi answer the question. But before
asking him to answer the question, let me introduce you who Mr. Yoshizumi is.

Mr. Yoshizumi has assumed the position of the Head of Sales and Marketing of Aflac Japan, succeeding
Mr. Ariyoshi effective July 1. And Mr. Yoshizumi has more than 30 years of experience in the life insurance
sales. And before joining Aflac in January this year, he has had -- he had led the sales division in Manulife
Japan and then sit on the position of the CEO of Manulife Japan.

We are very extremely pleased to welcome Mr. Yoshizumi to Aflac Japan Sales and Marketing Division
Head since he has very rich leadership experience as well as very extensive experience in sales in
Japanese life insurance industry.

Koichiro Yoshizumi
Senior Managing Executive Officer, Executive VP & Assistant to the Director of Sales and Marketing

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AFLAC INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

[Interpreted] Thank you for the introduction. Really great to talk to you all in the U.S. My name is
Yoshizumi. And as Mr. Koide just introduced, I have been assigned to lead the sales and marketing division
of Aflac Japan effective July 1. And before joining Aflac, I was the CEO of Manulife Japan. However, most
of my experience has been -- or the 30 years of my experience has been sales promotions and marketing
of life insurance.

The types of channels that I've experienced in sales are captive agent channel, independent agent
channel, financial institutions. So all the sales distribution channels that exist in Japan have been my
experience. And I'm very honored to be able to heavily spend more opportunity to be able to discuss Aflac
Japan sales with you going forward. And once again, great to be here with you.

So now let me start to talk about Aflac Japan's sales results in the first and the second quarter. And under
the current COVID situation, let me first of all, touch upon the new medical product that we launched,
which was also discussed earlier. As was discussed, we have achieved 48.1% increase year-on-year. And
also under this COVID situation, the online acquisition has become very popular and become a common
means for application.

As a result, we have been able to have very active moves and active activities under the current
environment. And that's what is -- what was covered by Dan, as he said, we are at about 65% of where
we were in 2019. And that's it for me.

Nigel Phillip Dally
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's great. Just a follow-up on Japan Post as well, given that they've begun to actively proactive --
they've begun proactive sales, any early indications as to how the sales are coming in relative to your
expectations? I know you expected to pay some improvement to be gradual but any early color there?

Daniel Paul Amos
Chairman & CEO

Our -- at this particular point, it's too early. But again, I want to reiterate what I said in the first quarter
call. Our relationship has never been better with Japan Post. Actually, they're -- the thing they're dealing
with is adjusting from corrective matters that they took into account due to sales that the new regime has
been addressing to now being proactively getting back to the way they were writing business that was
properly done. And so it's taking a little bit longer. But all in all, as we said in our reports, I look for both
the United States and Japan to see stronger growth in the second half, assuming there isn't some event
that takes place with this variant that we're not aware of. But if that happens, everybody is affected with
that.

So I feel good that you're going to see continued growth, more so probably in the fourth quarter than the
third, but we don't even know that for sure at this point. So -- but I'm encouraged.

Operator

The next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JMP Securities.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So first, I just had a question on sales as well. And I guess, this is both in the U.S. and in Japan. Has
the increase that we've seen in cases recently in both markets? And then also, in the U.S., we've heard
of some companies push back their return to work. Have those things affected your views on your sales
trends in the second half of the year?

David A. Young
Vice President of Investor & Rating Agency Relations

I think the case -- go ahead, Teresa.

Teresa Lynne White

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AFLAC INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

President of Aflac US

We'll start with the U.S. first. I'll ask Virgil to respond.

Virgil R. Miller
Executive VP & President of Group & Individual Benefits Divisions

Yes. We learned throughout the COVID time that large case market, specifically around where we sell
our group products, that they're more used to it and dealing with brokers used to, we would call self-
enrollment into virtual enrollments and online engagements. We really haven't seen much impact there at
all. Again, with smaller companies in a small market, really driven by our career channel. We faced some
headwinds, like I said earlier, around recruiting and some of the small businesses not really going face-to-
face 100% of the time.

We anticipated that, rolled out virtual tool sets last year. We're able to, as Dan said in his speech, pretty
much serve the customer any way possible. We can do it virtually. We can do it online or meeting face-
to-face. Now I will tell you this, though, I have yet to see that any of our setup enrollments have been
changed from a face-to-face yet. We are managing that very closely. But right now we're still able to get
face-to-face enrollments. We have them set up.

Koichiro Yoshizumi
Senior Managing Executive Officer, Executive VP & Assistant to the Director of Sales and Marketing

[Interpreted] Thank you for the question. Now this is from Japan. So let me answer your question
regarding Japan.

In Japan, although we have been limiting the number of people, our employees to come on site under
the state of emergency, sales activities are continuing. And the state of emergency declaration in Japan is
different from the lockdown situation in the U.S. And the purpose of the state of emergency declaration in
Japan is to really control the people's movement from one place to another. As a result, there is really not
that much impact to our sales activity during day time.

And the current state of emergency declaration is imposed to just Tokyo and Okinawa. And so as we do
try to prevent being infected, those activities are being done with full prevention nationwide. And the
areas outside of the state of emergency declaration are able to do the normal course of sales. And on top
of that, we have online consultation and applications that have spread nationwide. And that -- those --
these measures have taken root. Under this kind of an environment, we do believe that we can be quite
successful in our sales activities.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And if I could just follow up on recruiting in the U.S., you had pretty strong results this quarter,
mostly because of the broker market. On the career side, how is the labor market affecting your ability to
sort of recruit and retain agents? And is it getting harder? Not so hard? Because the services sector seems
like it is coming back overall.

David A. Young
Vice President of Investor & Rating Agency Relations

Can you take that, Virgil?

Virgil R. Miller
Executive VP & President of Group & Individual Benefits Divisions

It's certainly getting harder. As you can see, we came out strong coming out of Q4 going into Q1, our
pipeline. Now remember, in recruiting new agents, we've really got to go through a full process, giving
them license, having them basically take an exam, certifying them to understand Aflac products. And we
were very strong with our pipeline in Q1. We've seen that pipeline begin to slacken slightly in Q2.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AFLAC INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Again, as we said earlier, though, this is why we've made a conscious decision to really recruit brokers.
Now why brokers? Brokers already come to the table with license. They're already familiar with our
products. We just really need to get them activated in the second half of the year.

Daniel Paul Amos
Chairman & CEO

The one -- this is Dan. The one thing I would add is that I think the U.S. is doing a very good job of
bringing back some of the agents who have been licensed with us, have renewals. And basically, because
of COVID, have just kind of stopped producing. They've got contest going within. They're coming back.
They're the soul of the company, and we need to bring them back, and I think we'll be doing that. And I
think Virgil is doing a good job with Teresa in terms of pushing that. And Fred's been very instrumental in
it too. So I'm thinking that will continue to come back, which will reflect in the production.

Now the new recruits, as Virgil mentioned, is harder simply because the labor market, as you can
imagine, if you're having trouble with people coming to work based on salary, it's even more difficult with
commissions. But all in all, we've got a lot of licensed people out there that we just need to get back. And
of course, as you're having higher employment, that gives us an opportunity to enroll people at the work
site. So we're -- we believe the potential is there and certain that we should see it.

Operator

The next question comes from Humphrey Lee of Dowling & Partners.

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

I wanted to focus a little bit more on the claims experience for this quarter and kind of how to think about
it. Can you just talk about like what is the overall level of IBNR reserves that you have? Not just for COVID
but just the overall piece, like how big were your kind of IBNR reserves in Japan and the U.S. at the end of
this quarter compared to maybe a pre-pandemic level, say, like 2Q '19 or year-end 2019?

Max Kristian Broden
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thank you, Humphrey. This is Max. We don't go in it to exact the total IBNR levels that we hold. Yes. But I
would say that, generally speaking, throughout the quarter, we did experience below expected paid claims.
In the first quarter, we had increased month-over-month paid claims that came through. Going into the
second quarter, that trend more or less fall. And in April, May and June, we sort of leveled out at a level
below what we normally would expect to see. And that, to some extent, together with more raw data used
as input into our IBNR models led to the reserve releases that we saw in this quarter. Going forward, we
obviously reserve to the -- our best expectation of the future claims results.

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

I guess maybe just kind of qualitatively, are you holding more -- are you still holding more IBNR reserves
right now compared to a pre-pandemic level?

Max Kristian Broden
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

No. We have not changed our reserving practices.

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Okay. I guess my follow-up will kind of stay on that topic. In terms of the lower pay claims, is there any
sense that you can help us to think about the actual paid claims in Japan and the U.S.? Kind of where they
were in the second quarter versus maybe during the pandemic? And how do they compare to like a pre-
pandemic level of normal paid claim activities?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AFLAC INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Max Kristian Broden
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Paid claims activity continues to be below our long-term expectations by policy. And the activity is
constrained by simply the activity in the economies. So given the products that we are selling, the
coverage that we are providing to our policyholders is protecting them from different kind of life events
and also accidents, as an example. And with less people out and about driving, getting into car accidents,
less people playing sports, getting into sports accidents, that drives both lower claims utilization on the
accident line of policies but also in terms of our hospital indemnity products. So I would say that our
claims activity is very much driven by mobility of people.

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

But is there any sense like so, like in sale -- when you're talking about sales, you're able to provide like
percentage of 2019 levels. Can you do something similar? Like how many -- like what percentage of
claims, I guess, relative to 2019?

James Todd Daniels
Executive VP, Director & CFO of Aflac Life Insurance Japan

Humphrey, this is Todd. I think if you look at second quarter 2020 and second quarter 2021, paid claim
activity was pretty flat, roughly about JPY 3 billion lower in 2021, and that's reflective of people having
restricted movements and what Max just described. That is below, as he said, our long-term expectation
for paid claims.

Teresa Lynne White
President of Aflac US

And I would say from the U.S. side, consistent with what Max said, it's based on the type of policies that
we -- that people have. So in general, when you look at our short-term disability policies, you may see
higher utilizations there, yet you don't see as high utilization on, for example, an accident policy.

Operator

The next question comes from Ryan Krueger of KBW.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I guess, Fred, are you able to provide any more color on the elderly care product that you're developing
in particular? How it would differ from current medical products that would be purchased by elderly
individuals?

Frederick John Crawford
President & COO

Sure. So the care product under development, a couple things that are very important. One is the
product risk involved in the -- is not to be confused with what you may be familiar with relative to U.S.
long-term care. And there's some very fundamental reasons for that. This is a supplemental product,
and it supplements the actual elderly care government support mechanism. And so it's a very specific
supplement to that government platform as opposed to broader universal care medical coverage. And it
also is being designed to where payments are more on a lump sum basis for some of the lower levels of
assisted care. And then when you move into the more significant levels of assisted care, it's more of a
defined annuity-type benefit.

The reason I describe it that way is realize you do not have the escalating benefit structures such as
health care inflation. You don't have the tail risk that's assumed with more of a lifetime coverage, if you
will, once moving into assisted living. Therefore, you're not building nearly the reserves and therefore,
don't have nearly the interest rate risk well. So there's several different reasons why this should not be

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AFLAC INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

confused, for example, with other types of riskier elderly care support. It really is a supplemental defined
mechanism.

The other is it plays directly off the qualifications of the government program, and so it has a more
narrow definition of what is covered and what is not covered than you might be used to in the U.S.
because it plays off those definitions. Now one thing to keep in mind is that this is the third largest
third sector platform in Japan. This is not a new area that's newly developed. It's been in existence.
But it's a smaller area of product sales. To give you an idea, it's probably roughly 1/4 of the size of the
medical supplemental industry in Japan. The key, however, is that we expect it to grow, that with an aging
population and what we believe or at least suspect, will be a gradual shifting of burden on to individuals or
their families related to elderly care, that this will be a building platform over time. And so we want to get
in there now. We want to get in there with a competitive product, and we want to leverage off of our third
sector prominence.

So that is the strategy. We will tell you more about this and build out more around this strategy when we
get to our investor conference, because it will be more developed at that time. But it's clearly something
we think could be a difference maker in the future as we move forward.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I just had one follow-up. Is -- so are the current insurance carriers that offer this, are they mostly, I
guess, the domestic life insurers in Japan that you just haven't been in the market in the past and you're
now going to enter it?

Frederick John Crawford
President & COO

They are. It's a narrower group of players than you will find with traditional first sector and some of the
larger categories of third sector, notably medical, but they are largely domestic players.

One other aspect of this business that's important to understand is that many of the players that build
successful market share in this industry don't just sell the care insurance. They also surround the
insurance with other noninsurance services that supplement elderly care. A good example would be things
like smart home technology that helps prevent frankly, elderly individuals of going on claim or better
managing concierge-type service to help the elderly manage the many different moving parts necessary to
settle into an assisted living atmosphere.

So alongside this product, we're also building within an incubated business, other care-like noninsurance
services because that is one of the keys to building market share. So it's a larger and more expansive
platform if you intend to be a leader in this business, which we do. And again, we'll build more color
around that as we go forward.

Operator

We have time for one more question, and that question will come from John Barnidge of Piper Sandler.

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Can you maybe talk about the market opportunity to do in other states what you briefly talked about for
Connecticut?

Frederick John Crawford
President & COO

Sure. There's -- this is Fred again. There's about 10 states right now. In fact, Connecticut was the tenth
to put together this medical -- family leave programs in their state. And we do believe that there's the
opportunity for this to expand into further states in the future. These require typically fairly expensive

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AFLAC INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

legislative activities within each of the states. And because these are programs that cover effectively the
employees of all the qualified or opted-in employers in the state.

To give you an idea, in Connecticut, we are projecting when you add up the qualified employers who are
likely to opt into this program, that the coverage may include as much as a bit in excess of 1.5 million
potential participants in the state of Connecticut. So this is a substantial platform, but the nature of it and
the nature of the program, and the fact that it is a state-organized benefit program offered up to opted-in
employees means legislative activity typically needs to take place. That takes time. And obviously, it can
depend on the political atmosphere and the prioritization dynamics within the state legislators.

So right now, 10 states, but we believe it will expand. I think a lot of that expansion, frankly, is going to
be based on the success and receptivity of the programs that are already in place. The good news is that
Connecticut is a very important client for us. We were very pleased to be awarded that. It's the capabilities
of our acquired business from Zurich that allowed us to bid and be qualified to run that program, and we
expect to use this as a foothold to entertain additional states.

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

That was great, Fred. And a follow-up to that. I know legislative action needs to occur in the remaining 40
states, but is there an opportunity with the other 9 states that currently have the program?

Frederick John Crawford
President & COO

Interestingly enough, when you look at the other 9 states, some of them outsource it, like handed out to
an outsourced provider, others actually do the service internally. And in fact, Connecticut was originally
looking to administer internally and then move to an outside provider for greater efficiencies, quality,
specialization, et cetera. And so some states do it in-house. Some states outsource it. So there's a mix of
providers.

One thing that's important is you're not taking a risk on this. And so some would consider this an
extensive PPA platform or administrative-only platform. So you're not really competing on what you would
call traditional insurance parameters. You're competing on your ability to administer the technology and
service level that you drive to the consumer. So one of the reasons why we like this contract is it really
sends a strong statement to the marketplace that if you're an employer, you don't get this kind of contract
unless you have premier service capabilities, strong technology and great customer service. Without that,
you'd never qualify for these programs. And so that's what we're pleased about.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David
Young for any closing remarks.

David A. Young
Vice President of Investor & Rating Agency Relations

Thank you, and thank you all for joining us here today. Looking ahead, we hope you'll join us on
November 16 for our 2021 Financial Analyst Briefing. More details will follow. We look forward to speaking
with you soon. If you have any additional questions, please follow up with Investor and Rating Agency
Relations. And I wish you all continued good health. Thank you.

Operator

The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now
disconnect.

[Portions of this transcript that are marked
[Interpreted] were spoken by an interpreter present on the live call.]

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AFLAC INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

