Akamai Technologies, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:AKAM
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 28, 2020 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.13

Revenue  (mm)

749.26

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-27-2020 7:31 AM GMT

1.16

749.75

3.45

1.94

4.39

4.90

2870.93

3090.84

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

1.02

1.00

1.00

1.13

1.10

1.07

1.10

1.23

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7.84 %

7.00 %

10.00 %

8.85 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Edward J. McGowan
Executive VP & CFO

F. Thomson Leighton
Co-Founder, CEO & Director

Tom Barth
Head of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Brandon Lee Nispel
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

James Dennis Breen
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

James Edward Fish
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Jeffrey Lee Van Rhee
Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC,
Research Division

Jian Li
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Lee T. Krowl
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research
Division

Michael Turits
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.,
Research Division

Rishi Nitya Jaluria
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research
Division

Sterling Auty
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Timothy Kelly Horan
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

William Verity Power
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Xiaocon Liu
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the First Quarter 2020 Akamai
Technologies, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's
conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

It is now my pleasure to introduce Head of Investor Relations, Tom Barth.

Tom Barth
Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Akamai's First Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today will be Tom Leighton, Akamai's Chief Executive Officer; and Ed
McGowan, Akamai's Chief Financial Officer.

Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements including
statements regarding revenue and earnings guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to
risks and uncertainties and involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those expressed or implied by such statements. Additional information concerning these factors is
contained in Akamai's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements included in this call represent the company's view on
April 28, 2020. Akamai disclaims any obligation to update these statements to reflect future events or
circumstances. As a reminder, we will be referring to some non-GAAP financial metrics during today's call.
A detailed reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP metrics can be found under the financial portion of the
Investor Relations section at akamai.com.

And with that, let me turn the call over to Tom.

F. Thomson Leighton
Co-Founder, CEO & Director

Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today.

Before I get into the numbers, I want to acknowledge how much the world has been disrupted by the
COVID-19 pandemic. All of our lives have been impacted in ways that would have been hard to imagine
only a short while ago. At Akamai, our primary concern is for the health and safety of our employees, their
loved ones, our customers and partners and the communities where we work and live. Fortunately, we're
in a position where almost all of our employees can work remotely, and we've been doing that successfully
for the last 2 months. We've also implemented special measures to protect employees who need to travel,
for example, to a data or operation center. And we're doing what we can to help employees who face
especially challenging situations as a result of the pandemic.

As businesses and consumers around the globe adjust their routines in the interest of public health, the
Internet is being used at a scale that the world has never experienced. In addition to the hundreds of
millions of people who've been working from home, governments are leveraging the Internet to keep
citizens informed and to provide economic assistance. Houses of worship are streaming services, and
communities are engaging online to relieve the social isolation felt by many. And of course, education,
commerce and entertainment are now almost entirely online.

As much of the world hunkers down in place, Akamai is continuing to work behind the scenes to keep the
Internet functioning as a lifeline for organizations and people everywhere. I'll talk more in a minute about
Akamai's unique role during the pandemic and the impact of the pandemic on our business. But first, I'll
review our Q1 financial performance.

I'm pleased to report that Akamai had a very strong first quarter on both the top and bottom lines.
Revenue was $764 million, up 8% year-over-year and up 9% in constant currency. Non-GAAP operating

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

margin in Q1 was 30%, up 1 point over Q4 and consistent with Q1 of last year. Non-GAAP EPS in Q1 was
$1.20 per diluted share, up 9% year-over-year and up 11% in constant currency.

These excellent results were driven by the continued strong performance of our security solutions' greater-
than-expected traffic levels and by our continued focus on operational efficiency.

As more business is conducted over the Internet, the ability to scale becomes critical. And when it comes
to scale, Akamai is the clear leader. Traffic on our platform increased dramatically in March as enterprises
turn to Akamai to move more of their operations online. Despite the cancellation or postponement of
major sporting events like March Madness and Champions League Soccer, our traffic increased by about
30% over a 4-week period at the end of Q1. Traffic reached a peak of 167 terabits per second, which was
more than double the peak in the first quarter of 2019. We're very pleased that the capacity we added to
the platform last year has enabled us to help our customers when they need us most.

We're also making a big difference when it comes to helping the major carriers handle the explosion in
demand. That's because we deployed our infrastructure deep into carrier networks and close to end users.
Thereby offloading an enormous amount of traffic that would otherwise congest core backbones and
routers.

Of course, performance is also critical as businesses move the majority of their operations online. Although
some other companies have experienced cases of performance degradation and even extended outages
in recent months, I'm very happy to report that Akamai's performance has remained consistent and
strong over the past quarter. In fact, our measurements indicate that the page download times provided
by our industry-leading Ion service have significantly improved over the past year. This is in spite of the
large increase in traffic and is the direct result of our relentless efforts to improve the performance of our
services.

Akamai is also helping to protect many of the world's major enterprises as more employees work from
home and as IT departments increase their focus on business continuity. We believe that Akamai's market-
leading security services are needed now more than ever as attackers take advantage of the pandemic to
ramp up their exploits on enterprises across all verticals.

In Q1, our cloud-based security portfolio generated $240 million in revenue, up 28% year-over-year in
constant currency. Sales continued to be led by our flagship services for DDoS prevention, application
layer firewall and bot management. We also saw a strong surge in bookings for our next-gen zero trust
enterprise security solutions. The strong demand we saw in Q1 for our security and media services more
than offset the reduced revenue we received from companies that have been hit hardest by the pandemic,
especially in the travel and hospitality vertical. Where appropriate, we are modifying the terms of these
customers' contracts to provide them some relief and flexibility often in return for extended contract
length.

We value our customers and want them to think of Akamai as a supportive and reliable partner for the
long run. We're fortunate that our financial strength enables us to provide assistance to customers in need
which we believe will benefit our shareholders and the global economy over the long term.

We've also played an important role in helping to support websites and applications associated with
response to the pandemic. And the Akamai Foundation is providing substantial financial assistance for
numerous relief efforts around the world.

Most of all, today, I want to recognize and thank our nearly 7,800 employees for working so hard to serve
the thousands of organizations and billions of Internet users who rely on us during these very challenging
times. I couldn't be prouder of the way that our people have stepped up and of what they're managing to
accomplish despite their own personal challenges in dealing with the pandemic. Their spirit and leadership
during a time of crisis is a key part of what makes Akamai such a unique and strong company.

Lastly, I want to offer a warm welcome to our Board's newest member, Marianne Brown. Marianne joined
Akamai's Board last month and brings with her extensive financial and operational expertise as well as
valuable leadership experience with global technology-driven companies.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

I'll now turn the call over to Ed for more details on our Q1 performance and our outlook for Q2. Ed?

Edward J. McGowan
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Tom. Before I begin, I would also like to thank our fellow employees with their amazing work
and dedication. And I would like to acknowledge our customers and partners, especially those who have
been hardest hit by the global pandemic.

Today, I plan to review our Q1 results, discuss the impact the pandemic is having on our business and
provide Q2 guidance and an update on the full year. As Tom mentioned, we delivered a very strong
quarter on both the top and bottom line. Q1 revenue was $764 million, up 8% year-over-year or 9%
in constant currency driven by a significant increase of global traffic as well as continued strong growth
across our security portfolio.

Revenue from our Media and Carrier Division was $358 million, up 8% year-over-year and 9% in constant
currency. The outperformance in media was primarily due to the surge in traffic from OTT video, gaming,
social media and news and information sites as more and more people around the world began to shelter
in place. Revenue from our Internet Platform Customers was $45 million, in line with our expectation.
Revenue from our Web Division was $406 million, up 8% year-over-year and 10% in constant currency.
Revenue growth for this group of customers was again driven by our security business.

Moving on to revenue by geography. International revenue was $335 million, up 16% year-over-year
or 19% in constant currency. We continue to see very strong international growth especially in APJ.
Foreign exchange fluctuations had a negative $3 million impact to revenue on a sequential basis and had a
negative $7 million impact on a year-over-year basis. Sales in our international markets represented 44%
of total revenue in Q1, up 3 points from Q1 2019 and up 2 points from Q4 levels. Revenue from our U.S.
markets was $429 million, up 3% year-over-year.

Moving now to costs. Cash gross margin was 77%, consistent with our expectations. GAAP gross margins,
which includes both depreciation and stock-based compensation, was 65%, down 1 point from Q1 of last
year.

Non-GAAP cash operating expenses were $260 million, in line with expectations. Adjusted EBITDA was
$327 million, up $8 million from Q4 and up 9% from the same period in 2019. Our adjusted EBITDA
margin was 43%, up 2 points from Q4 and up 1 point from Q1 of 2019. Non-GAAP operating income was
$230 million, up $8 million from Q4 levels and up $20 million or 9% from the same period last year. Non-
GAAP operating margin was 30%, up 1 point from Q4 levels and consistent with Q1 of last year.

Capital expenditures in Q1, excluding equity compensation and capitalized interest expense, were $136
million. This was lower than our guidance range given some pandemic-related supply chain disruptions
and travel restrictions have delayed some planned network buildup. However, thanks in part to the
capacity work we undertook in 2019, we are very pleased that we've been able to maintain network
resiliency during this virus outbreak.

Moving on to earnings. GAAP net income for the first quarter was $123 million or $0.75 of earnings per
diluted share. This included a restructuring charge of about $11 million associated with the prior actions I
mentioned on our last quarterly call. We did not take any new restructuring actions during Q1.

Non-GAAP net income was $196 million or $1.20 of earnings per diluted share, up 9% year-over-year,
up 11% in constant currency and $0.02 above the high end of our guidance range due to higher-than-
expected revenue in the quarter. Taxes included in our non-GAAP earnings were $35 million based on a Q1
effective tax rate of 15%. This was slightly better than we expected due to stronger-than-expected growth
outside the U.S.

Now I will turn to some balance sheet items. We believe that our balance sheet is strong, and we
anticipate that we can maintain this position in the face of the current economic uncertainty. As of March
31, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled $2.2 billion. Our total debt at the end of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Q1 remained unchanged at $2.3 billion. As a reminder, our debt is comprised of 2 convertible notes with
par values of $1.15 billion each and maturities in 2025 and 2027, respectively.

Now I will review our use of capital. During the first quarter, we spent $81 million to repurchase shares,
buying back approximately 900,000 shares. We have approximately $750 million remaining on our
previously announced share repurchase authorization. We plan to continue to leverage our share buyback
program to offset dilution resulting from equity compensation over time and subject to global financial
conditions. In summary, we are very pleased with our Q1 results.

Given these uncertain times and with the increased volatility we are seeing in global markets, I thought
it would be helpful to provide some additional context on the impact that the recent elevated traffic levels
may have on our Media Division and the negative impact the pandemic may have on some key verticals in
our Web Division.

First, as Tom mentioned, with many countries around the world issuing shelter-in-place orders, we have
seen a dramatic increase in media traffic across our platform. We expect this elevated traffic to continue to
have a positive impact on our Q2 results. However, we anticipate that traffic levels may start to moderate
if life begins to return to normal and as the warmer summer months get underway in our larger markets.

As an aside, some of you may be wondering about live sports. As a reminder, no individual live event has
a significant impact on our results. And to date, the stronger traffic from shelter-in-place orders has more
than offset the impact of live sports cancellations and postponements.

Moving now to our Web Division. There are 2 verticals notably impacted by the global pandemic, travel
and hospitality and commerce and retail. The travel and hospitality vertical accounted for roughly 4% of
total Akamai revenue in Q1. This vertical is comprised of over 200 customers globally, including some
of the largest airlines, hotels, cruise lines and travel-related sites. Most of these customers have seen
sharp declines in demand, a trend that is expected to continue throughout 2020. Our commerce and
retail vertical is an area we have highlighted for some time as being under financial pressure. This vertical
includes more than 900 customers globally and represents approximately 16% of Akamai's total revenue.
While we have seen a recent traffic uptick with some customers, other customers are struggling, especially
those that rely heavily on brick-and-mortar operations. We believe they could become increasingly
challenged the longer the shelter-in-place orders continue.

As Tom mentioned, we have already begun to work with many of our customers whose businesses have
been impacted by the pandemic. Q1 was negatively impacted by approximately $5 million due to a
combination of contract restructurings and elevated bad debt reserves. While it is difficult for us to project
the total impact, we do expect to incur additional charges in the coming quarters if the economy continues
to suffer.

I'd now like to provide our outlook for the second quarter. We are projecting Q2 revenue in the range
of $752 million to $778 million or up 6% to 12% in constant currency over Q2 2019. Given the COVID-
related impacts on the business I just discussed, we expect to see continued sequential growth in our
Media Division and a slight decline sequentially in our Web Division in Q2.

Current spot rates. Foreign exchange is expected to have a negative $7 million impact on Q2 revenue
compared to Q1 levels and have a negative $11 million impact on a year-over-year basis. At these
revenue levels, we expect cash gross margins of approximately 76%. Q2 non-GAAP operating expenses
are projected to be $252 million to $260 million. Factoring in the cash gross margin and operating expense
expectations I just provided, we anticipate Q2 EBITDA margins of approximately 43%.

Moving now to depreciation. We expect non-GAAP depreciation expense to be between $98 million to $101
million. We expect non-GAAP operating margins of approximately 30% for Q2.

Moving on to CapEx. We expect to spend approximately $186 million to $206 million, excluding equity
compensation in the second quarter. This assumes there's not a significant change in the overall economic
environment and that we will catch up on our CapEx spend the first half of 2020 and Q2.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

With the overall revenue and spend configuration I just outlined, we expect Q2 non-GAAP EPS in the
range of $1.18 to $1.24 or up 14% to 20% in constant currency. This EPS guidance assumes taxes
of approximately $34 million to $36 million based on an estimated quarterly non-GAAP tax rate of
approximately 15%. And it also reflects a fully diluted share count of approximately 164 million shares.

As our Q1 results and Q2 guidance demonstrate, we are optimistic about the continued strength of our
business even in the light of the pandemic. As you're seeing from other companies reporting, however,
it has become much more challenging to predict economic conditions, resulting customer impacts in the
second half of the year. As a result of this uncertainty, especially as it relates to the holiday shopping
season in Q4, we are withdrawing full year 2020 guidance at this time. We plan to reassess providing
annual guidance next quarter as we gain additional insights into the direction of the global economy.

We are very thankful for the resiliency of our employees, the diversification of our revenue, the strength of
our customer relationships and our strong balance sheet. We believe we are well positioned to continue to
help our customers during this very difficult time by providing them with the best and most secure digital
experiences around the world.
Thank you. Tom and I would be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Will Power with Baird.

William Verity Power
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Great. Okay. Well, I guess, first, I hope everyone in Akamai team is staying as healthy and safe as
possible. Maybe two quick questions, if I can. First, we'd love to get more granularity if possible on the
sources of strength in media. Maybe just trying to understand the strength in OTT video versus gaming, if
there's any way to kind of rank order what you're seeing there.

And the second question is on security. Given the uncertain climate and questions on IT budgets, maybe
just talk about how you're thinking about security growth going forward and what you're seeing in terms
of potential lengthened sales cycles versus the need for work-at-home capabilities.

Edward J. McGowan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure. I'll take the first one, Tom, and maybe you take the second one. So the strength in media really
came -- I mentioned in the earlier remarks, we really saw strength across several different subverticals
in media. Probably the largest would be in OTT video, but also it was a very, very strong gaming quarter,
especially in March. And really, we saw a significant uptake in traffic over the last couple of weeks of
March. And as the shelter-in-place orders came around the world and as we got to places like Europe,
India and the U.S., we really saw a dramatic increase. So there's pretty much strength across-the-board
and really across the globe as well.

F. Thomson Leighton
Co-Founder, CEO & Director

Yes. And first, thanks for the concern about Akamai employees. And I'm happy to report that, by and
large, we're all doing well. In terms of the question on security growth, looking very strong. And partly,
that's because the attackers aren't held back by the pandemic or working remotely. In fact, we've seen a
substantial increase in attack activity, and perhaps that -- perhaps, they're doing that because they know
IT managers have a lot of other things that they got to worry about in terms of supporting their workforce
remotely. That increases vulnerabilities. And so it's really a perfect storm for the attackers to run their
exploits. And we have products that are really well designed to help major enterprises deal with that both
for securing their websites and apps and also for securing access for their employees who are now remote
all of a sudden. And so we've seen a very strong uptick in bookings for our enterprise security products.

And I guess the last point there is our customer base is the world's major enterprises. And they're going
to fare better than most through the pandemic, and we have very good relationships. And so we're in a
better position to provide them with the new security capabilities or the increased capacity that they're
going to need for their security products. So on balance, I think the security business is looking very
strong. And of course, we're all hoping that the global recession doesn't really deepen or persist for a long
time.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Excellent. Very nice quarter. So two questions. One on -- as we think about Q2, any quantification you
could give us in terms of kind of the puts and takes and particularly on sort of the drags of having to
reprice some of those -- or I'm assuming reprice, having to amend some of those contracts on the
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

performance side of the equation? Any sense you could give us and just like what kind of impact that has
on Q2. And then on the flip side of the equation, is it possible to quantify kind of the -- your expectation
for how well this sort of up traffic is going to sustain into Q2? Like how much of that did you actually put
into the guide on a go-forward basis?

Edward J. McGowan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure. Keith, it's Ed. So I'll start with the Web Division. Obviously, what I tried to do was call out a
couple of verticals that our customers are experiencing some significant challenges. So we're dealing with
those on a case-by-case basis. And in the prepared remarks, I talked a little bit about how we expected
to see a slight sequential decline in the web business and really, what that's all about. There's a couple of
things that we have to take in consideration. In some cases, the customers will come direct to us and ask
us if there's anything we can do to help them during this period of time where there's a lot of uncertainty.
And in some cases, we'll amend contracts and we'll get something in exchange for that. In other cases,
we have to assess the ability of the customer to pay us. And so there's some customers, in particular,
in certain geographic areas of the country that we're more concerned about. And if you don't have -- if
you have any concern about the customers' ability to pay, you have to reserve that revenue. So there's a
combination of that going on.

I am encouraged to see that the capital markets have been opened, and we've seen a number of
customers that have been able to secure funding. There's obviously availability with certain government
bailout programs and things like that. But it is an area that we're keeping a close eye on.

And then obviously, bankruptcies are another possibility. So what we did is we did run a number of
different scenarios, and we assumed that we would continue to see additional pressure in the web
business and we will see a slight decline. Obviously, this is out of control -- out of our control in terms of
what's going to happen with this pandemic and also out of the control of our customers in many ways.

So then on the web -- on the media side, excuse me, we assume that this continued strong traffic growth
that we saw in March would continue throughout most of the quarter. We made an assumption that in
June that we may see a slight decline in the traffic as things hopefully start to get back to normal and the
warmer months start to hit. We've seen a pretty strong traffic growth here in April.

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. And just in terms of the nature of the contract negotiations, is it more on billings terms or does
actual pricing change? Can you give us some color on to what you're willing to give to your customers?
And is there anything kind of out of bounds in what you're not willing to do in terms of contract
amendments?

Edward J. McGowan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure. I mean you take it case by case. We always take the long-term view. A lot of these customers
have been with us for 15 or 20 years. And they certainly take the travel and hospitality vertical. That was
a vertical that I never worried about it. That was a -- it's made up of fantastic, amazing companies. They
have been -- always pay on time. They're usually folks that are early adopters of our new solutions, et
cetera. But obviously, they just saw demand evaporate here in the second quarter -- excuse me, in the
first quarter. So we work with them. Sometimes it could be you enter into a 0-overage contract. A lot
of customers are asking for extended terms and payments. So we have to take that into consideration.
And sometimes, it's some credit relief, but we do it case by case. So far, the customers have been pretty
reasonable. In terms of their ask, there hasn't been things that have been completely outrageous so far.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of James Fish with Piper Sandler.

James Edward Fish
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Glad to hear you guys are doing well from a personal basis and from a business basis during this time.
Best wishes to you and the rest of the Akamai team. I just want to double-click on Will's question. And
what are you guys seeing thus far with the security solutions with work from home, specifically more
about that new cloud web gateway or security solution and the EAA product?

F. Thomson Leighton
Co-Founder, CEO & Director

Yes. So strong bookings there. Now the Secure Web Gateway is just now available in beta and as part of
our Enterprise Threat Protector solution version 3.0. And I think that really increases the strength of the
offer. Where we're seeing a lot of the bookings now is in Enterprise Application Access. And you think of
that as the VPN replacement, think of that as saying that that's all your employees who used to just log in,
in the physical building now have to do it from home and you need to secure them and you need to scale
that overnight. And so I think that's why we're seeing a real uptake there.

And in general, I think these are the solutions of the future for enterprise security. They enable the zero
trust model. They are much more secure than the traditional solutions that enterprises have been using
now for decades and put -- can put a big dent in enterprise data breaches in the future.

James Edward Fish
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Got it. And then on the media side, I mean one of your peers in that space get the share loss with some
of the streaming services. I guess were you guys able to capture some of that share given the Akamai
network size? Or did you see any specific media share gains with some of the newer OTT services?

Edward J. McGowan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So that's a great question. We did. One of the things that has been a bit of a challenge in the industry
is that there's been a surge of demand. So capacity becomes a bigger component of the equation. And
along with that, it becomes performance. So in some cases, we've seen pretty nice share gains across-
the-board. So we've been very happy with that in Q1.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.

Sterling Auty
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

You mentioned in your prepared remarks that no single live sporting event is a meaningful part of
revenue. But I think you've talked in the past that things like the Olympics and World Cup that span
a couple of weeks are more meaningful. So I'm wondering how you quantified or how you gauge the
potential for a fade off in traffic in June versus the loss of the Olympics this year within the guide and what
we should be thinking as we go into the back half of the year.

Edward J. McGowan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure, Sterling. So I'll get into a little bit of detail on this one just to help you guys out. So we did talk
about there's no individual event is material. Take the Olympics, for example. When you think about the
Olympics, there's obviously the direct right holders. There's the web traffic that can sometimes go along
with an event of that size, the travel and news and things like that. And then there's also live television.
We've got several folks that show live television. And then obviously, the duration of the streaming is what
really matters. We do web delivery, we do services, we do security, et cetera, but it's really the length of
the streaming. In an event like that, it could be in, let's call it, the $3 million to $5 million range, maybe a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

few million on a really good year. And if I think about live sports in general, it's probably a little over 1% of
our total revenue throughout the year.

So right now, you've seen in Q1, we certainly more than offset the lack of live sports, and we expect
that to happen in Q2. So in terms of what we've built into our guidance, we're assuming that live sports
is not fully back up and running and that what we're seeing from the OTT and other gaming and other
subverticals will more than offset that in Q2.

Sterling Auty
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That's great transparency. And then on the security side, can you give us a sense of where the strength
is coming from this aspect? How much of that strength in spending is new customers coming on to the
platform versus existing customers either taking more product or existing customers just paying more
because of either some sort of volume commitment on any of this or -- just help peel back the onion a bit
on the contributions from the growth in security.

Edward J. McGowan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure. Good question, Sterling. So first of all, I'll take it from a couple of lenses. I'll start off with
the product side. So we saw great strength with Bot Man, KSD services and EAA and ETP, albeit a bit
smaller, good uptake of multiple solutions. And I've provided this metric before in terms of the number of
customers that have purchased a security product. We're up to about 57% now, up from 55% last quarter.
So we're seeing good uptick in the installed base and growing there. And also, customers taking on more
than 1 product, customers buying 2 or more, up to about 29%. That's up a point from last quarter as well.
So we're doing well with the installed base.

And in terms of bookings, we're seeing new customer bookings again being led by security. And again,
we're seeing some good stuff in installed base. And we're also very excited about page integrity. We came
up with our limited availability in page integrity. We signed a number of customers this quarter and expect
to continue to do that throughout the year. Tom mentioned Secure Web Gateway, which is out in beta now,
and then obviously, enterprise, we've got a long way to go there.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.

Xiaocon Liu
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

This is Caroline on for Heather. First off, I do want to echo the comments that my colleagues on the
line have already made. I do hope that you and your families are staying safe and healthy. First off, I
wanted to dive a little bit more into the comments that you made about OTT. I'm curious, how has the
OTT demand environment trended relative to your expectations? Or I guess put another way, how much of
the OTT strength would you characterize as due to the new launches, the share gains versus the general
increase in user traffic that was driven by the shelter-in-place orders?

Edward J. McGowan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Good question. It's one that I challenged my team to come up with a number, and it's a little difficult.
Times like these tend to accelerate trends we see in the market, OTT growth being one and obviously, cord
cutting being another. And in March is when we really saw a big uptick in traffic. So there's no doubt that
the shelter in place really drove a lot of traffic.

But we also had a major customer launch, a new service over in EMEA. And we had our own models
about what we expected. And I would say, we did a little bit better, could be because of the shelter in
place. But I'd say, it's kind of a combination of both the shelter in place. But also, we had -- we took some
share in some places as well. Like I talked about earlier, we have capacity in a lot of places where it really

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

matters. We're able to outperform some of our competitors in certain areas. So it's sort of a combination
of everything, but I would say that shelter in place certainly did help accelerate the trend that we're seeing
in the market.

Xiaocon Liu
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Got it. And can you talk through what the demand was like sort of in the last 2 weeks of March? And what
are you seeing now especially in areas like APJ where some of those countries have sort of relaxed the
shelter-in-place orders and people are starting to return back to their workplaces?

F. Thomson Leighton
Co-Founder, CEO & Director

Yes. The demand increased steadily through March and total traffic increasing from March to April. And
you can see as countries went into shelter in place, you see the traffic increase. And I think most of the
world is -- or at least the traffic-wise, it's still in that condition of being high. And as we look forward, we
may see more normal growth from here depending, as Ed said, on live events and OTT launches and so
forth. So APJ, I would say, also very strong. And as you know, a lot of our -- we've got a lot of strong
growth there.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of James Breen with William Blair.

James Dennis Breen
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Just on the CapEx side, you talked about a little bit of delay in sort of the expansion that you had, you
were prepared for it just because of some of the build-out you did at the end of last year. Are there any
concerns about those delays continuing and the ability to sort of meet the demand from the customer side
as we go forward here?

F. Thomson Leighton
Co-Founder, CEO & Director

Yes. We think we're past the delays. We did have about 90 days of delay on delivery of a bunch of servers,
but we've had -- we have plenty of capacity and as you can tell by hitting a peak, which is really what the
CapEx governs of doubling year-over-year. And at this point, we think we're in very good shape with the
supply lines and getting the port capacity we want for the rest of the year. We have the techs in all the
cities where we need to do that, to do the installation. And we have the approvals from pretty much all the
major governments that our folks can move around even where it's a very strict lockdown just because
we're such a critical resource in countries around the world. So we're optimistic, as Ed said, on being able
to continue to deploy capacity and to stay ahead of the demand.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Michael Turits with Raymond James.

Michael Turits
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Glad to hear everyone's well and best to everyone. With you guys withdrawing guidance, as I think
through your different segments, I would like to just try to focus on which are the ones that provide that
uncertainty because it sounds like CDN is strong now and really at worst -- at least on the media side,
at worst, come back to the level that it was at. Security, it doesn't sound like you think there's some
uncertainty that's macro related but perhaps there is, and you can tell me if you think there is. And so
we're left with e-commerce and around travel and retail. So am I right in that, that's really the reason why
we have an uncertainty that caused you to pull guidance in that segment?

Edward J. McGowan

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Michael, this is Ed. Yes. I mean obviously, we hated to do that. And as we ran our scenarios, there's
so much that's out of our control and really impacts our customers. For example, if you run into a second
flare-up of this in the fall and get into another round of shelter in place, what -- how does that impact our
customers' business, especially in the Web Division? Obviously, it would be bullish for the Media Division
because we see those elevated traffic levels. But on the web side, it could be considerable. And what's the
consumer going to do? How is the consumer going to behave? And with Q4 being a very strong seasonal
quarter for us, you can imagine as you run through a number of scenarios, your range just gets really
wide. And we just didn't think it would be helpful. That's why we -- I provided some additional color, so
you guys can run your models by giving you some size, relative size in number of customers, et cetera.
That's really what's driving it, Michael. It's just the uncertainty around those web -- the Web Division
customers and more, in particular, to what's happening with the virus. It's just so much that it's out of
all of our controls and including capital markets, who knows in the second round? Right now, it's good to
see some of our customers getting funding, but that may close down if second round happens and see
elevated bankruptcies, consumers may not be spending, may not be traveling. So that's not something
that we're experts in, and we wanted to give it more time to get some more color rather than providing
something we felt was unhelpful.

Michael Turits
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

And then if I think about CDN as a division, obviously, the only thing you're guiding to is 2Q. But CDN is
made up of both the media side as well as the web side. So do you think that there's enough in traffic to
give you an offset to both live sports and the web that you can see growth in the CDN business year-over-
year next quarter?

F. Thomson Leighton
Co-Founder, CEO & Director

So in Q2, yes. I would say right now, there's a good chance that we could see the strength in medium
more than offset live sports and potentially, the impact on webs. Right now, we have 60 days to go. You'll
never know what can happen here in the last 60 days, why we've given you a larger-than-normal range,
but it is possible, and I wouldn't be surprised if we saw CDN grow a bit here in Q2.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Tim Horan with Oppenheimer.

Timothy Kelly Horan
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Two questions. Tom, can you maybe step back a second and talk about what you kind of expect for secular
shifts in Internet usage and trends and maybe how COVID here might change what you guys are doing in
your strategy, if at all? Or maybe other areas that you might want to invest in as a result of all this? And
then just a quick follow-up on security. On the bookings, can you give us maybe -- just in comparisons of
past quarters, is this like well, 10%, 20% above trend that you've seen in the last few years? Or any kind
of color around that would be great.

F. Thomson Leighton
Co-Founder, CEO & Director

Yes. In terms of the secular shifts, I think there's a reasonable prospect that there will be much more use
of the Internet coming out of this permanently than there was going in. And in many areas, you look at
e-commerce. And traditionally, that was the penetration of e-commerce and commerce as a whole was
growing about 2% of the year and low to mid-teens. And pretty much now the large majority of commerce
is online. And after people get used to doing that for an extended period, a lot of that share gain may
become permanent. That's really good for Akamai. You look at media and movie releases being done
online, a lot of consumption now moving online. And that may become permanent, a lot of that as well.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

You look at work from home, there wasn't a lot of that before, but now there's just a ton of it. And after
you've done it for a while, I think you may see a lot of that become permanent. And so just across-the-
board, it's not so much new uses of the Internet that weren't done a little bit before, but now they're
being done at massive scale. And there's a prospect that the scale will be very large coming out. And so
when we look at the secular tailwinds here, obviously, we're worried about a global recession. As Ed talked
about, we just have no idea how long or deep that will be. We're hoping we get out of this pandemic
situation by the end of the year and things are looking better, that's beyond our control. But once we do
emerge, it does seem like there's a lot of strong tailwinds for Akamai because the things I described are all
the things that we're really good at and the market leaders at. And so I would say, long-term view, very
bullish about Akamai.

It's not a major product shift for us obviously in go-to-market now. We're changing how we do that
because we're not traveling. So the go-to-market motions are all virtual and digital now, and we have
gotten off to a great start there. I don't know how many of you came to our virtual edge live event, but
tremendous attendance there and really good feedback. And so how we approach customers, how we talk
to them physically is changing. And that's fine. We're in good shape there.

In terms of the security bookings, yes, for the enterprise security products, very substantial increase year-
over-year in Q1, and that seems to be continuing into Q2. So that is good news. Now it takes a while for
that to turn into revenue, of course. But that's a very positive development.

And I do think that again in the long term with more employees working from home and already the need
to stop data breaches and protect enterprise applications and data, there is a bright future for our zero
trust enterprise security products.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Colby Synesael with Cowen.

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Great. Two questions, if I may. I guess the first one, I just wanted to drill a little bit further down on bad
debt. Wondering if you could provide any more color as it relates to -- as a percentage of revenue or what
the actual step-up was in the quarter. And what should we be looking for that could suggest that you
might have to take it up a little bit further potentially in the second quarter?

And then just real quickly on pricing, I'm just curious with the incremental volumes that you're seeing
tied to the CDN business, whether it's just the broader OTT trend or CV-19 related, if we're seeing any
significant or material shift in pricing trends.

Edward J. McGowan
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. I'll take those. So bad debt was up a couple of million this quarter. There's a new accounting
standard that we adopted at the beginning of January, ASC 326, which, basically, in the past, you have
to look at -- sorry to get wonky here. But in the past, you have to look at the historic and anything that
happens within a quarter, now you have to look at potential future credit losses. So think of it almost like
you're a bank where you're evaluating trade receivables and having to put up a reserve for potential future
credit losses. And I mentioned earlier, we'll be extending out, in some cases, some payment terms for
folks. In some cases, they were just asking for some time. In other cases, in -- like in places like India,
they physically can't get into the office and they're not set up to do electronic payments. So we'll be
evaluating that as every company that adopts the standard, we'll be doing the same. So I do expect that
bad debt expenses will go higher, and we did plan for that in our guidance. So you'll see in the G&A line
that, that will start to tick up a bit.

On the pricing side, pricing in the CDN market, it's -- I didn't see anything this quarter that was out of
the ordinary. I will say, though, that we are seeing, as I talked about with capacity, the push for capacity
reservation fees, which, essentially, is just getting a little on top of what you'd normally get for the cost of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

bit delivery. Capacity is at a premium at this point. So we are seeing a little bit of a benefit there. But in
terms of the normal pricing environment, it's still volume-based, and I don't see a lot of difference in the
market at this point.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Jian Li with RBC Capital Markets.

Jian Li
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

This is Jian for Mark Mahaney. So maybe just a couple of points. One on the guidance. You mentioned
the vertical weaknesses in your hospitality, travel, commerce. Can you perhaps ballpark the magnitude
of the impact? And maybe just like do you bake in a similar impact in Q2? Or do you expect that in your
Q2 guide? Or do you expect that to kind of be a worsening scenario just given so much of that has just
happened in the last month of the quarter? And then I have a follow-up.

Edward J. McGowan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure. So in the guide, we did expect that we'd see additional pressure in those verticals. And in my
prepared remarks, I talked about how we expected the Web Division to decline slightly. It's not usually a
division that grows very steadily, obviously, with the exception of the seasonally strong Q4 going to Q1.
So we are anticipating that. So I did bake in some of that. And then included in the range is a various set
of scenarios in terms of good, better, best, in terms of how we will land. So far, in the first 30 days or the
28 days of the quarter, I would say we're trending about what I would have expected. But let's see how
things go here in the next 60 days as we finish up the quarter. Hopefully, as some of these countries and
states start to come back out of shelter in place, we don't see a panic back to things getting worse and
there's more consumer confidence, so we don't see as much pressure. But that's how we thought about it.

Jian Li
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Got it. And another question just on security, maybe pre- and post-COVID. Maybe parsing out the COVID
impact before that really hit and you saw a surge in bookings, how is the growth has been trending versus
your expectations? And what's kind of the cadence of transition to zero trust. And maybe after the COVID
impact, you mentioned a few new launches in the past, obviously, page integrity being one, SWG as well.
That will be a more material revenue driver in the out years. Now do you see any of these new product
launches actually becoming more meaningful revenue drivers in perhaps this year or next year or sooner
than projected?

F. Thomson Leighton
Co-Founder, CEO & Director

Yes. Good question. I would say the security growth remains very strong. It's been in the high 20s for
some time, and we saw that in Q1 as well. And that's going into COVID, I think the pandemic, as we
talked about, the rate of attacks has increased as bad as that is during the pandemic as the attackers try
to take advantage of it, I would say. Now the new services like page integrity and Secure Web Gateway
and enterprise security and the increased bookings around enterprise security, those are things that
will drive revenue in the future. So there's some time between bookings and growth. I would say that
the pandemic and the stuff that's happening there helps zero trust because -- in our enterprise security
because there's even more need for it. And in some cases, it's an urgent need. Whereas before, there was
a -- I think it was in early days of a trend towards moving to zero trust. So there's an accelerant because
of the pandemic. I don't think the pandemic yet you've seen any change in revenue because of it in the
same way you would for traffic. Traffic, you monetize that immediately. As soon as you're delivering more,
you get the revenue for it. With security products, that more is the bookings and the recurring revenue
that's generated as customers buying new services or increase the services they have. And so there, I
think there is benefit in the future, but we haven't experienced that yet in the same way we have with
traffic.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Rishi Jaluria with D.A. Davidson.

Rishi Nitya Jaluria
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Nice quarter and glad to hear everyone is staying safe. Just two from my end. First, I wanted to go back
to retail and commerce as a vertical. Look, I know it's been under pressure even pre-COVID. It feels
like certain parts of that vertical, though, might be doing better than others in this environment, right,
especially those like a Walmart were better selling essential goods and services, and we're seeing pockets
of e-commerce. So I wanted to get a sense for what are you seeing within that vertical. And as you think
about your withdrawing of guidance and one of the factors being uncertainty around the holiday shopping
season, is that a function of just the impact from the fact that we're in a recession, it might take time for
recovery, so discretionary spending might be down or maybe some more detail around that.

And then the second question I wanted to ask, you talked a little bit about the payment terms and
restructuring of deals. One of your competitors or peers talked about some customers deferring minimum
traffic commitments in this environment. Just wanted to get a sense, is that something that you are seeing
as well?

Edward J. McGowan
Executive VP & CFO

All right. So I'll start with the second one. So in terms of deferring minimum traffic commitments, we
haven't gotten to that. As a matter of fact, traffic is up significantly. So that hasn't been an issue for us.
There are some customers in the Web Division that have opted for the 0 overage, but that's been a normal
sales motion. So I wouldn't say -- I wouldn't really call it anything there.

On your question about retail and what we're worried about there, you're correct. There's winners
and losers. Some folks have done very well, and we've seen traffic go higher and their underlying
businesses are doing well, but there's an awful lot of them that are stressed. And I talked about the size
of the vertical, 16% of the revenue over 900 customers, and that's global. So really, the big thing that
we're concerned with, and I think you hit it on the head with, is the depth of this reception and how do
consumers behave. Are they going to go out and spend? Are they going to go back into stores? What's
the ability of our customers to be able to raise enough capital to get through this issue? In some cases,
we're going to see unfortunately some customers go bankrupt. We hate to see it. It does happen. Some
liquidate, some come out on the other side. But whenever that happens, it's a disruption for us. We
have to stop taking revenue, write-off revenue in the quarter, take a bad debt hit for some of the older
receivables. So it just becomes very disruptive. And it's hard for us to really call out what's going to
happen because I think what's going to drive the depth of this reception is going to be what happens with
the virus and do people feel comfortable coming out. We never dealt with this before. So it's really hard
for us to make the call. And just given the size of that vertical, it can swing around quite a bit. So that's
what our -- that's why we decided to withdraw our guidance.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Lee Krowl with B. Riley.

Lee T. Krowl
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research Division

Great. And congrats on a solid quarter, all things considered. I wanted to focus first on the security
business. I think last call, you guys kind of highlighted 20% growth as the baseline for the year. Obviously,
Q1 is tracking kind of ahead of that, and you're speaking to some momentum with bookings. Is it
reasonable to say that 20% or possibly higher is still reasonable?

And then second question, just wanted to focus on international. And maybe could you parse out
contribution of security versus media delivery, especially with the context of some new launches on the
OTT side?
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Edward J. McGowan
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So I'll start with the security question. Obviously, we're off to a great start here with 28% constant
currency growth. Feeling pretty good about Q2. Obviously, Q1's bookings were strong. We've signed one
of our largest security deals in our history with one of our large media companies. So good to see that.
We'll see the benefit of that in Q2. So I think Q2, we'll see really strong growth, and we did call out 20%.
It's possible we could do better than that. Obviously, the verticals we called out that are challenged do
have a big security customers. So to the extent that there's bankruptcies and things like that, that can
bump you around a little bit. But we're feeling pretty good here in the first half. Certainly, that will be
growing at greater than 20%, and it's possible for the year. It really just depends on how things go similar
to the comments I made earlier.

And your second question on international in terms of the strength. I'd say, there, it's similar to what we
see in the U.S., probably a bit more security adoption, probably more greenfield internationally, especially
in places like Latin America, pretty low penetration there, which is good. That's part of the reason we
did the Exceda transaction that gives us a good base to grow the security business there. We are seeing
similar trends that we saw in the U.S. here where you see security in the verticals like financial services
and commerce and travel first. And then you're seeing media start to catch up. We've done some pretty
good deals on the media side as well. So I'd say there's probably more greenfield in -- outside the U.S.,
but we are seeing very similar trends.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Van Rhee with Craig-Hallum.

Jeffrey Lee Van Rhee
Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division

Great. I think most of mine have been answered. Just one remaining. I think as you look at the enterprise
sales effort, and this is a little outside of sort of the COVID environment currently, but I know long term,
tremendous growth opportunity. When you look at the sales process and where you are at this point, can
you just talk to your satisfaction with win rates, with process, with just the overall execution effort in sales
within enterprise and things that are yet to be done to really get that running where you want it, if it isn't?

F. Thomson Leighton
Co-Founder, CEO & Director

Yes. We're pretty happy with where that is now with pretty much everything you mentioned, the people,
the process, the execution. As you could imagine, this is a difficult time to go out and get bookings.
You can't physically meet with your account. The buyers out there, the IT folks are just swamped with
adjusting to the new reality. And yet, we had a great bookings quarter, better than expectation on our
enterprise security products, much big improvement over last year. And that's -- we're starting off
the second quarter very well. So I think that's an area where we're very happy. You don't see that in
generating revenue today, but that will certainly help us going forward.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Brandon Nispel with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Brandon Lee Nispel
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Okay. Great. Wondering if -- one for Ed, maybe both for Ed. Can you give us a sense of -- again, we've
talked about some customers doing well in e-commerce, some not. Can you give us a sense of, as you
look at your customer base, what could be a worst-case scenario if we're going into the global recession
throughout 2020? And what percentage of revenue would be at risk?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Second, I'm curious, with customers hitting increased traffic during the quarter, how does the pricing
change? Is it dynamic during the quarter where they hit sort of a new threshold for traffic and they reprice
to a lower level? I'm just curious how that works.

F. Thomson Leighton
Co-Founder, CEO & Director

Yes. I'll take the first and Ed will probably take the second. As Ed talked about, I think barring some
kind of deep and long-lasting recession that wipes out major customers and a lot of them or just totally
wipes out consumer buying, which, of course, hurts the commerce vertical, I think we're in good position.
We have a really diverse customer base. Our largest vertical is media, which is cranking and actually
benefiting in many ways from the new reality of what's the pandemic has caused. Our customer base
tends to be the biggest names in the business. And generally speaking, they're the ones that are going
to thrive the best even if the global recession deepens and is lengthy. And it's just that I think no one
really knows what the future holds with the global recession. And if it really is deep at the end of the
year and it's going to persist into 2021, that could put our commerce customers and companies pretty
much everywhere under pressure. And it's hard to really know what the impact of that could be. And that
impacts the potential downside of any guidance we can give.

And on the other side, we've got, as you know, substantial upsides in the media business and in security,
above where we were thinking. And as Ed talked about, just -- we want to be careful that we don't know
for sure that just persists and grows from there all year long. And as Ed talked about in June, he even
-- we put in a dampening there in June on that. And so that's really what's going on in our thinking that
there's the potential for large upside and the potential for downside that are hard for us to really quantify.
And it's beyond our control at this point. I would say at a high level, business is very strong as you can tell
with the strong Q1 and I think a strong guide, albeit with a wider range in Q2. And Ed, do you want to talk
about pricing with increased traffic?

Edward J. McGowan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure. So obviously, customers -- no one size fits all for customer pricing. But what I would say is that
typically, we do have tiered pricing in most of our contracts, especially the ones with very large volume
so that as you do clip into new tiers, you do get typically a lower rate for that tier. But again, it does vary
from customer to customer, but we do, in most cases, have some kind of a tiered pricing structure.

Brandon Lee Nispel
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Great. And I guess just as a follow-up, you guys gave the travel hospitality exposure and sort of talked
about live events. But could you give us what percentage of revenue is coming from what you would call
SMB?

Edward J. McGowan
Executive VP & CFO

Well, it's very small. Yes. We do very little with SMB. We have a couple of partners that work with SMB.
Like, for example, our carriers will sell some security offerings to small, medium business. So that's a
small part of our business. We have a few like OVP partners and other partners, but it's not a significant
part of our business at all.

Tom Barth
Head of Investor Relations

Okay. Well, thank you, everyone.

In closing, we will be presenting at several virtual investor conferences and events throughout the rest
of the second quarter. Details of these can be found in the Investor Relations section of akamai.com. We
want to thank you for joining us and all of us at Akamai wish you continued health and wish you a very
nice evening. So thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

