Align Technology, Inc. NasdaqGS:ALGN
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 27, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.59

2.87

Revenue  (mm)

977.81

1015.91

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-27-2021 9:25 PM GMT

10.81

3.90

2.87

10.98

13.34

1042.66

3933.09

4797.61

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.14

2.01

2.53

2.59

2.61

2.49

3.04

2.87

21.96 %

23.88 %

20.16 %

10.81 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Unknown Analyst

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Shirley Stacy
Vice President of Corporate
Communications & Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Brandon Couillard
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Christopher Cook Cooley
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jason M. Bednar
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Michael Leonidovich Ryskin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to Align Technologies' Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate
Communications. Thank you. You may begin.

Shirley Stacy
Vice President of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations

Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Joining me today for our conference call is Joe Hogan,
President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued third quarter 2021 financial results today via
GlobeNewswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com.

Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately
1 month. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time through
5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on November 10. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial
(877) 660-6853 with conference number 13723267, followed by #. International callers should dial (201)
612-7415 with the same conference number.

As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements,
including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements
are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most
recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, available on our website and
at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any
forward-looking statement.

We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations on our GAAP --
of our GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliation, if applicable, and our third quarter 2021 conference call slides
on our website under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information.

And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights
in the third quarter, then briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, Systems Services
and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook. Following
that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions.

I'm pleased to report strong third quarter results with revenue growth of 38.4% year-over-year on top of
a record third quarter last year, driven by the strength across all regions, customer channels and products.
For Q3, we shipped to a record 85,500 doctors in the quarter and reached 11.6 million Invisalign patients
cumulatively.

On a sequential basis, Q3 results reflect continued adoption of iTero scanners and increased utilization
of Invisalign Clear Aligners in the Americas and APAC regions as well as the growth in Teen segment,
especially in the North American orthodontics channel. Our third quarter revenues reflect a growing
confidence of doctors and patients with Invisalign treatment, iTero scanners and exocad software as
more doctors discover the benefits of digital treatment and transform their practices with the Align Digital
Platform.

For Q3, Systems and Services revenues were up 57.3% year-over-year with strong revenue growth across
all regions and up 5% sequentially primarily in North America. Q3 results reflect the continued adoption of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

iTero Element 5D Plus Series, our next-generation scanners and imaging system, which launched earlier
this year and feature innovative technology like near-infrared technology, we call NIRI, which aids and
detection and monitoring of interproximal caries lesions or cavities above the gingiva without harmful
radiation.

For Q3, Clear Aligner revenues were up 34.9% year-over-year with strong revenue growth across all
regions and across the portfolio, including comprehensive and non-comprehensive products as well as
Invisalign Moderate and Invisalign Go. On a sequential basis, Q3 Clear Aligner revenues were down very
slightly from record Q2, reflecting more pronounced summer seasonality than last year, especially in EMEA
where practices and patients appear to have taken extended holidays and where offices were impacted
due to resurgence of COVID-19 cases and restrictions, especially in some markets in Asia Pacific.

In the Teen segment, Q3 '21 Invisalign Clear Aligner volumes for teens were strong, up 13.8%
sequentially and 26.6% year-over-year to a record 206,000 teens, representing approximately 1/3 of total
cases shipped, with strong shipment growth from North American orthodontists and a record quarter for
Teen in APAC.

Our third quarter revenues also include non-case revenue for clinical training and education and doctor-
prescribed retainer products. Retention is a critical part of creating and maintaining a beautiful new smile.
Retainers prevent teeth from gradually shifting back to their initial positions after treatment ends. Studies
show that without retention, even perfectly aligned teeth can gradually revert to their pre-treatment state
and that dentition continues to change as patients age, often requiring limited treatment, also known as
touch-up treatment if not properly retained.

Our retention products are designed to maintain teeth that have been aligned by Invisalign aligners,
braces or other aligners. These retainer products can accommodate lingual bars, wires, also known as a
permanent retainer, missing teeth that require an artificial tooth and bite ramps, also known as turbos or
blocks.

While our retainer business continues to deliver solid revenue growth, our share of retention market is
significantly underpenetrated, even more so than in our share of the orthodontic case starts. We have
been developing a robust retainer strategy, including a separate marketing team focused solely on driving
adoption and increasing market share in the United States.

Our objective is to build brand awareness for Vivera retainers and drive engagement with doctors
through clinical education and sales initiatives, while connecting consumers to doctors through demand
creation programs and our concierge service. We've also recently implemented social media campaigns
featuring the benefits of Vivera from the makers of Invisalign Clear Aligners. We believe that incremental
investments will provide increased value for Invisalign practices and drive growth consistent with our long-
term financial model target.

In addition, we successfully rolled out a limited pilot program to participating Invisalign providers in the
United States and Canada that offers a monthly targeted subscription program to address the unmet
patient demand for retention or touch-up cases. Our goal is to encourage experienced high volume in
Invisalign practices who regularly treat patients with our comprehensive products to offer premium
retention or entry-level products for the long-term health of their patients and to grow their businesses.

Practices in this pilot program can purchase a monthly subscription at a fixed price based on their monthly
needs for retention or limited treatment. The program allows doctors the flexibility to order both touch-up
or retention aligners with their tiered subscription. The program is designed for a segment of experienced
Invisalign doctors who are not regularly using our retainers or low-stage aligners.

The positive feedback from our doctors have been encouraging. For instance, the doctors at Bray and
Tarby told us the program is very straightforward and easy to understand, and they've been hoping Align
will do something like this. Dr. Jonathan Nicozisis at Princeton Orthodontics called the program a home
run. We went -- he went on to predict it should replace the idea that doctors invest in 3D printing and
the additional complications and expenses it requires, including the need for a full-time employee and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

additional overhead costs, particularly because he believes his treatment outcomes are always better with
Align.

Q3 non-case revenues also included accessories and consumables such as aligner cases called clam shells,
cleaning crystals and other oral health products that are available on our e-commerce channels in the U.S.
only, including the Invisalign accessory store, Walmart and Amazon. In Q3, we announced an exclusive
supply distribution agreement with Ultradent Products Inc., a leading developer and manufacturer of high-
tech dental materials, devices and instruments worldwide.

The Invisalign Professional Whitening program powered by Opalescence is optimized for Invisalign aligners
and Vivera retainers and is available only through Invisalign-trained doctors. Also in Q3, we launched the
Invisalign Whitening Pen through an e-commerce channels in the U.S. only.

The Whitening Pen is an over-the-counter retail product for consumers seeking quick tooth whitening at
a lower price and is not intended to be used with aligners. The Whitening Pen complements the other
accessory products that Align already markets to consumers through its existing e-commerce channels
and is a key addition to our consumable product portfolio.

Now let's turn to the specifics around our third quarter results, starting with the Americas. For the
Americas, Q3 results reflected strong performance, including record revenues for Latin America as well as
summer seasonality for adult case starts in North America that primarily impacted GP practices, strong
ortho performance, especially in the teen market that included increased utilization from the orthodontic
channel.

Invisalign case volume was up 0.7% sequentially and up 36.4% year-over-year, reflecting growth across
the region, especially in LatAm. DSO utilization continued to be a strong growth driver as well, led by
Heartland and Smile Docs.

For our international business, Q3 Invisalign case volume was up 27% year-over-year on top of record
growth in the same quarter last year. On a sequential basis, international shipments were down
sequentially 4.3%, primarily as a result of greater seasonality and COVID-related shutdowns in APAC
markets. For EMEA, Q3 Invisalign case volumes were up 49.6% year-over-year, with broad-based growth
across all markets led by the U.K. and Iberia, along with continued growth in our expansion markets in
Central and Eastern Europe and the Benelux.

For Q3, year-over-year Invisalign volume in EMEA was driven by increased submitters from both
orthodontists and GPs and increased utilization primarily from orthos. On a sequential basis, EMEA was
down sequentially 16.5% following a record Q2, primarily as a result of the extended seasonality we had
anticipated primarily from summer holidays and vacations across the region.

For APAC, Q3 volumes were up 4.2% compared to a record Q3 last year in APAC. On a year-over-year
basis, growth was uneven. The market as APAC, the first region to emerge from the depths of the COVID
lockdown in 2020. Additionally, we saw COVID resurgences and lockdowns sporadically impact various
APAC countries in Q3.

On a sequential basis, Q3 Invisalign volumes were up 21.2% reflecting growth across the region, led by
a record quarter in China, especially from teen cases as well as strong growth in Japan and ANZ. And Q3,
growth from both channels was strong, with ortho growth driven by increased Invisalign utilization and GP
growth -- channel growth driven by increased Invisalign submitters.

APAC teen shipments reached an all-time high in Q3. At the recent 10th China Finance Summit Awards,
Align was recognized as the 2021 most innovative enterprise for its advancements and outstanding
contributions in the field of digital orthodontics. This award builds on our prior recognition of Align's
leadership in the digital orthodontics industry and its efforts to promote the modernization of orthodontics.

Our consumer marketing focuses on educating consumers about the Invisalign system to drive demand
to Invisalign doctor's offices, ultimately capitalizing on the massive market opportunity to transform 500
million smiles.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

In Q3, we expanded the next generation of the "Invis is" media campaign across EMEA, APAC and
Brazil to increase awareness with adult, mom and teen consumers. Globally, we delivered 6.45 billion
impressions, growing 42% year-over-year, resulting in a 70% year-over-year increase in unique visitors to
our websites.

In the U.S., we connected with teens on Snapchat, YouTube and Twitch with our "Invis is Not Your Parents
Braces" campaign. These campaigns continue to feature some of the largest teen influencers from our
Invisalign Smile Squad, like Charli D'Amelio, Marsai Martin, [ Michael Lynn Collins ] and Devon Key. These
influencers share their personal experience with Invisalign treatment, including why they chose Invisalign
treatment to shape their smiles.

As part of our focus on teens, with our Invisalign ChangeMakers program, we held a recognition event
hosted by Marsai Martin, with teens across the country to celebrate and recognize 100 teens across the
country who drove positive change within their communities.

To continue growing for our young adult businesses, we expanded the "Invis is a Powerful Thing"
campaign, which highlights how powerful the smile transformation with Invisalign treatment can be
for their self-confidence. In the U.S., we expanded our Invisalign Smile Squad to include young adult
influencers such as Cody Rigsby, Lana Condor and Emily Hampshire, will help to deliver over 405 million
impressions. Additionally, our influencer partnerships with TikTok creators helped increase traffic to our
sites with a 127% increase in click-through rates.

In Brazil, we launched the "Invis is a Powerful Thing" campaign and teamed up with mega-influencer,
[indiscernible] to increase website traffic by 30%. In the EMEA region, we expanded into new media
channels such as TikTok and Snapchat across the U.K., Germany and France to drive engagement. These
efforts led to more than 153% increase in unique visitors. We also started consumer advertising in Russia,
which resulted in more of a 1,000 increase in unique visitors to our website.

In Q3, we continue to expand our consumer advertising across the APAC region, experienced a 132%
increase in unique visitors to our websites. In Australia, we expanded our media mix to include partners
such as TikTok and Snapchat, which resulted in a 250% growth year-over-year in unique visitors to our
website.

In Japan, we continue to see a strong response from consumers to our "Invis is" campaign, resulting to
more than an 800% increase year-over-year in unique visitors to our website. Adoption of our consumer
and patient app, My Invisalign, continued to increase in Q3 with 1.2 million downloads to date. Usage of
our 4 digital tools also continue to increase.

For example, our Invisalign Virtual Appointment tool was used over 15,000 times and our insurance
verification feature was used 14,000 times in Q3. Furthermore, we received more than 1.5 million patient
photos in our Virtual Care feature to date globally, which continues to provide us with rich data to leverage
our AI capabilities and improve our services for doctors that is used to enhance their patient's care.

For our Systems and Services business, Q3 revenues grew 57.3% year-over-year reflecting strong
scanner shipments and services and was up 5% sequentially. This is the fifth consecutive quarter of
sequential revenue growth for our Systems and Services business. The iTero Element 5D Plus imaging
system continued gaining traction across all regions, with the most recent launch in Japan in Q3. The
iTero Element 5D Plus imaging system will be available in China in Q4 of this year. Additionally, the iTero
Element Plus Series was launched in Korea in Q3.

The series expands the portfolio of iTero Element scanners and imaging systems to include new solutions
that serve the needs of a broader range of doctors and patients in the dental market. Moreover, I'm
proud to say that in a recent clinical study, the iTero Element 5D intraoral scanner was found to be more
sensitive than bitewing radiology in detecting early enamel lesions, providing further evidence of the
benefits of iTero 5D scanner in detection and monitoring of interproximal caries lesions or cavities above
the gingiva without exposing patients to harmful ionizing radiation.

This is great news for our iTero business as the study further supports the diagnostic validity of near-
infrared imaging technology offered by the iTero 5D scanner for early proximal caries detection.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

The findings also underscore the valuable role that NIRI technology can have in dental health assessment
and early detection of cavities, which is important to the overall oral health care treatment options
and a comfortable safe experience for a broad population of patients. A strong indicator of the digital
acceleration with dental offices is a number of intraoral digital scans used for Invisalign case submissions.

Total worldwide intraoral digital scans used to start in Invisalign case in Q3 increased 84.2% from 78.3%
in Q3 last year. International intraoral digital scans for Invisalign case submissions increased 79.3%, up
from 72.1% in the same last year.

For the Americas, 88% of cases were submitted using an intraoral digital scan compared to 83.2% a
year ago. Cumulatively, over 44.9 million orthodontic scans and 9.3 million restorative scans have been
performed with iTero scanners.

Our Q3 Systems and Services revenues also includes exocad, CAD/CAM products and services. exocad's
expertise in restorative dentistry, implantology, guided surgery and smile design, extends our digital
dental solutions and broadens Align's digital platform towards fully integrated interdisciplinary and
workflows. We remain excited about our continued integration progress and product plans with exocad.

During the quarter, exocad launched ChairsideCAD 3.0 Galway, the next generation of exocad's easy-to-
use CAD software for single-visit dentistry. The software has improved automation for fast crown design
and enables users to integrate open hardware and materials of choice. exocad's ChairsideCAD received
2021 Cellerant's Best of Class Technology Award for the third consecutive year.

Also during the quarter, exocad had its largest ever presence at IDS, the International Dental Show, where
they showcased their seamless digital workflows and the simplicity of the use of exocad's Galway software
release. exocad was the only company at IDS to showcase live patient treatment with a smile creator
experience station, featuring iTero's scans, instant smile makeovers and production of clip-on smiles.

With that, I'll now turn it over to John.

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q3 financial results. Total revenues for the third quarter were $1.016 billion, up
0.5% from the prior quarter and up 38.4% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. For Clear Aligners,
Q3 revenues of $837.6 million were down 0.4% sequentially and up 34.9% year-over-year, reflecting
Invisalign volume growth across all geographies.

In Q3, we shipped 655,100 Invisalign cases, a decrease of 1.6% sequentially with an increase of 32.1%
year-over-year. In addition, we shipped to a record 85,500 Invisalign doctors worldwide, of which
approximately 7,200 were first-time customers.

Q3 Clear Aligner revenues reflect strong growth across the Invisalign portfolio, led by comprehensive
products. Q3 comprehensive volume increased 1.3% sequentially and 30.3% year-over-year. And Q3
non-comprehensive volume decreased 8.1% sequentially and increased 36.8% year-over-year. Q3 adult
patients decreased 7.3% sequentially and increased 34.7% year-over-year. In Q3, teens or younger
patients increased 13.8% sequentially and 26.6% year-over-year.

Clear Aligner revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $1.5 million or
approximately 0.2 points sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Clear Aligner revenues were favorably
impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $16.1 million or approximately 2.6 points.

For Q3, Invisalign comprehensive ASPs increased sequentially and year-over-year. On a sequential
basis, Invisalign comprehensive ASPs reflect higher additional aligners. On a year-over-year basis,
comprehensive ASPs reflect favorable foreign exchange, partially offset by the increase in net revenue
deferrals for new Invisalign cases versus additional aligner shipments.

Q3 Invisalign non-comprehensive ASPs increased sequentially and year-over-year. On a sequential basis,
Invisalign non-comprehensive ASPs reflect higher additional aligners, partially offset by higher discounts.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

On a year-over-year basis, Invisalign non-comprehensive ASPs were favorably impacted by foreign
exchange, higher additional aligners and lower discounts.

Clear Aligner deferred revenues on the balance sheet increased $84 million or 9.3% sequentially and
$347.3 million or 53.9% year-over-year and will be recognized as the additional aligners are shipped. Our
Systems and Services revenues for the third quarter were a record $178.3 million, up 5% sequentially and
up 57.3% year-over-year. This marks the fifth quarter in a row of sequential revenue increase.

The increase sequentially can be attributed to increased scanner shipments and increased services
revenues from our larger installed base. The increase year-over-year can be attributed to increased
scanner shipments, increased service revenues from our larger installed base as well as higher ASPs from
a favorable mix shift towards higher-priced iTero 5D scanners and imaging systems.

Our Systems and Services deferred revenue on the balance sheet was up $27.2 million or 17%
sequentially and up $100.1 million or 115.2% year-over-year, primarily due to the increase in scanner
sales and deferral of services revenue, which we recognize ratably over the service period.

Moving on to gross margin. Third quarter overall gross margin was 74.3%, down 0.7 points sequentially
and up 1.6 points year-over-year. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation and
amortization of intangibles related to our 2020 exocad acquisition, overall gross margin was 74.7% for the
third quarter, down 0.7 points sequentially and up 1.4 points year-over-year.

Overall gross margin was favorably impacted by approximately 0.5 points on a year-over-year basis
due to foreign exchange and relatively unchanged sequentially. Clear Aligner gross margin for the third
quarter was 76.2%, down 0.7 points sequentially due to higher manufacturing costs and higher additional
aligners, partially offset by higher ASPs and lower freight. Clear Aligner gross margin was up 1.5 points
year-over-year due to improved manufacturing efficiencies from higher production volume, partially offset
by higher ASPs.

Systems and Services gross margin for the third quarter was 65.6%, down 0.3 points sequentially
primarily due to lower ASPs and higher manufacturing variances, partially offset by higher service
revenue. Systems and Services gross margin was up 3.6 points year-over-year due to higher ASPs from
product mix shift to iTero 5D and 5D Plus Series and service revenues, partially offset by higher freight
cost.

Q3 operating expenses were $494 million, up sequentially 0.9% and up 38.4% year-over-year. On a
sequential basis, operating expenses were up slightly by $4.4 million. Year-over-year, operating expenses
increased by $137 million, reflecting increased headcount and our continued investment in marketing,
sales and R&D activities and investments commensurate with business growth.

On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation and amortization of intangibles and acquisition
costs related to our 2020 exocad acquisition, operating expenses were $466.1 million, up sequentially 1%
and up 40.3% year-over-year due to the reasons described earlier.

Our third quarter operating income of $261.1 million resulted in an operating margin of 25.7%, down
0.9 points from the prior quarter and up 1.6 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating
margin was attributable primarily to lower gross margin. The year-over-year increase in operating
margin was primarily attributed to higher gross margin and operating leverage as well as the favorable
impact from foreign exchange by approximately 0.7 points, partially offset by continued investments as
mentioned earlier.

On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation and amortization of intangibles and
acquisition-related costs, the operating margin for the third quarter was 28.8%, down 0.9 points
sequentially and up 0.8 points year-over-year. Interest and other income and expense net for the third
quarter was a gain of $0.8 million, up sequentially by $0.9 million and down year-over-year by $6.6
million.

On a year-over-year basis, interest and other income and expense decreased primarily due to net foreign
exchange losses in the 3 months ended September 30, 2021, as compared to net foreign exchange gains

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

in the same period in 2020, which was partially offset by an unrealized gain on an investment held in a
private company recognized in the 3 months ended September 30, 2021.

The GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter was 30.9% compared to 25.7% in the second quarter
and 24.5% in the third quarter of the prior year. On a non-GAAP -- our non-GAAP effective tax rate was
22.2% in the third quarter compared to 19.5% in the second quarter and 16.6% in the third quarter of the
prior year. The third quarter GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rates were higher than the second quarter
primarily due to our foreign income being taxed at different rates and tax true-ups.

Our GAAP and non-GAAP third quarter effective tax rates were higher than the third quarter of the
prior year primarily due to lower tax benefits from foreign income tax at lower rates and a tax benefit
recognized last year resulting from an income tax audit settlement. Third quarter net income per diluted
share was $2.28, down sequentially $0.23 and up $0.52 compared to the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis,
net income per diluted share was $2.87 for the third quarter, down $0.17 sequentially and up $0.62 year-
over-year.

Moving on to the balance sheet. As of September 30, 2021, cash and cash equivalents were $1.2 billion,
up sequentially $151.5 million and up $622.3 million year-over-year. Of our $1.2 billion of cash and cash
equivalents, $607.5 million was held in the U.S. and $630.3 million was held by our international entities.

Q3 accounts receivable balance was $855 million, up approximately 5.8% sequentially. Our overall days
sales outstanding was 75 days, up approximately 3 days sequentially and down approximately 2 days as
compared to Q3 last year.

Cash flow from operations for the third quarter was $355 million. Capital expenditures for the third quarter
were $124.3 million as we continued to invest in increasing aligner capacity and facilities. Free cash flow,
defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $230.7 million. We also
have $300 million available under our untapped revolving line of credit. Under our $1 billion repurchase
program announced in May of 2021, we have $825 million remaining available for repurchase of our
common stock.

Now let me turn to our outlook and the factors that inform our view for the remainder of the year. We are
very pleased with our Q3 results and strong year-over-year growth, which reflects continued customer
adoption of the iTero scanners and increased Invisalign utilization across customer channels, including
teens, adults and young patients.

Over the last 18 months, our investment decisions have helped drive and capture demand across all
regions and customer channels. We continued spending in many areas and have seen good return on
our investments and strong revenue growth. Consumer interest in improving smiles is high and doctor
acceptance in the Align Digital Platform is helping drive growth across all regions and market segments.

As anticipated in our Q3 outlook, we experienced more pronounced summer seasonality, more noticeably
in September and continued into October as practices took more extended vacations and patient traffic
flow was sporadically interrupted by regional COVID resurgence, restrictions and other lockdowns. We
anticipate these COVID challenges and the general macroeconomic uncertainties to continue into Q4.

Taking this all into account, as we look at the remainder of 2021, we expect revenues for the year to
be in the range of $3.9 billion to $3.95 billion, at the high end of our original guidance range. We also
expect our outlook and revenue growth for the second half of 2021 to be in the high end of our long-term
operating model of 20% to 30%. On a GAAP basis, we anticipate our 2021 operating margin to be around
25%. On a non-GAAP basis, we expect 2021 operating margin to be approximately 3 points higher than
our GAAP operating margin after excluding stock-based compensation and intangible amortization from
our 2020 exocad acquisition.

We remain confident in the huge market opportunities for our business, our industry leadership and our
ability to execute. We will continue to invest in sales, marketing, innovation and manufacturing capacity to
drive our growth and accelerate adoption in a huge underpenetrated market. In addition, during Q4 2021,
we expect to repurchase up to $100 million of our common stock through either a combination of open-
market repurchases or an accelerated stock repurchase agreement.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

For 2021, we expect our investments in capital expenditures to be above $400 million. Capital
expenditures primarily relate to building construction improvements as well as additional manufacturing
capacity to support our international expansion. This includes our planned investment in our new facility in
Wroclaw, Poland, the first in the EMEA region.

With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, John. In summary, Q3 was a strong quarter, and we're pleased with our performance across the
business. Align is uniquely positioned. We have the clinical capability and product portfolio supported by
doctor and patient workflows, only accessible through the proprietary Align Digital Platform to address the
broadest range of orthodontic cases with the Invisalign system through a network of trained Invisalign
doctors who have the expertise to reach more than the 500 million potential global patients.

As we develop our annual plan for 2022 over the next few months, it's important that we continue to
expand our commercial, manufacturing, R&D, clinical, treatment planning and manufacturing operations.
And continue to leverage our global quality and regulatory muscles in existing and emerging markets.
Reach millions of consumers who want to transform their smile with the most advanced Clear Aligner
systems in the world.

Through advertising, PR, digital, social media and influencer marketing to drive demand and conversion
through Invisalign-trained doctors. Increased ortho adoption and teen utilization of Invisalign treatment
and train and educate GP dentists on how the iTero Element family of intraoral scanners and imaging
systems propel today's dental practice into the future by enhancing patient experience and elevating
clinical precision, and in the benefits of digital dentistry with the Invisalign system, trusted by more than
11 million people worldwide to improve their smiles.

We remain focused on strategic execution, accountability, agility, customer service excellence and
continuing to make investments to grow our business. This is a multivariable equation that we continue to
talk about and that, in combination, we remain uniquely able to offer. As we continue to stay the course
with our strategic initiatives, we also continue to navigate the COVID-19 environment and the challenges
and uncertainty that go with it.

Throughout the pandemic, our top priority has been consistent, the health and safety of our employees
and their families, doctors and their staff and that has not changed. The situation with COVID remains
very fluid. And with the rise of the Delta variant, many cities, states and countries have issued or plan
to issue new guidance including mask requirements, regular testing capacity limits and vaccination
mandates. Operating in this evolving environment is challenging for everyone, and we are staying as close
as we can to the situation.

The shift from traditional analog wires and brackets to a fully end-to-end digital platform is not easy. It
cannot be done without very complex and industry-leading technology and talented, passionate people.
But the digital transformation in orthodontics is inevitable.

Our technology is prevalent, touching every aspect of what we do for manufacturing excellence, where we
currently produce over 750,000 unique aligners a day, to expanding our geographic footprint to over 100
markets, to building a network of over 210,000 trained Invisalign doctors and providing the technology to
our doctors in a complete digital system, the Align Digital Platform.

As the inventor of the leading Clear Aligner system, we've been investing in this therapy for over 24 years
to get it to where it is today. And yet the majority of the market opportunity remains largely untapped,
with over 500 million potential cases starts globally, align is in a rare position to address this market with
the Align Digital Platform powered by 2 decades of research and development, manufacturing excellence,
clinical data based on more than 11 million patients with AI machine learning and digital tools to help our
doctors efficiently communicate with their patients, show and explain any issues and visualize potential
treatment options. And together with doctors, we're going to unleash the power of digital for dentistry in
orthodontics more than ever.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Thank you for your time today. I look forward to speaking with you on Friday at our Investor Day. We
will share more details on the Align Digital Platform and our vision and strategy to make Clear Aligner
treatment available to everyone through doctors.
Now I'll turn the call over to our operator for your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Joe and John, you highlighted the seasonal softness in September and that extended into October. I
wonder if you could maybe just provide a little bit more detail on what you've seen in October so far and
maybe how that compared to September?

And then as we've seen the latest COVID case spikes subside in recent weeks, have you seen the patient
traffic flow that you mentioned, has that started to pick up as COVID cases have ticked down?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Nate, this is John. As we said, the extended seasonality continued into September and October. And then
some of the COVID uncertainty still remains, in some places, more back to normal than others. And --
but that uncertainty remains. Taking all that together, our forecast reflects that. So the total year -- the
remaining for the total year reflects everything that we've seen to this date.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's fair. I guess, Joe, maybe a follow-up. I mean you've continued to have confidence in that
20% to 30% long-term range. Maybe we'll hear more on Friday at the Analyst Day. But do you have an
initial view on growth for next year? And do you feel like once this period of more pronounced seasonality
is behind you, we get back to like a more normalized kind of trajectory for the business as we head into
next year?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Well, I mean, Nathan, just -- yes, we're growing at a pretty good pace right now, right? So it's actually
above our long-term growth model, which is 20% to 30%. And as we move into 2022, we'll retain that
20% revenue growth target, and we're happy to discuss it more in detail on Friday.

Operator

Our next question is from Jon Block with Stifel.

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

John, this might follow Nathan's sort of path, but let me take a different approach. The new rev range that
you gave for this year, you clearly brought it up a little bit. It seems to imply a bit over $1 billion for the
fourth quarter. If I assume the scanner up sequentially from the $178 million and $55 million-ish, give or
take, in non-case revenue, it looks like case volume is expected to be flat to maybe even down low to mid-
single digits sequentially.

So a couple of things there. Is that the right way to think about things specific to case volumes? And if so
-- I know you touched on this a little bit, but why sort of the different trend line versus prior to COVID, if
you would, where that was more up mid-single-digit plus?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Yes, Jon, I think when you look at prior years, with COVID not in the mix, things were maybe more
seasonal. And you could see some of that -- the standard patterns from like, let's say, a Q3 to Q4,
given COVID and given some of the uncertainties that you have in certain economies and how they are
responding and opening up, things don't always apply to mainly what's happened in the past. So that
guidance that we gave is just a reflection of what we've seen.

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. Got it. And Joe, just a follow-up. We keep on hearing about the iOS change from Apple on privacy,
and you guys have such a broad reach in terms of marketing. But I am curious if you're seeing any
impact. Is it impacting leads, yes or no? And if so, could that actually continue into 2022? I would love
your feedback there.

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

I mean yes, Jon, it's a good question. I mean we've seen an impact on it. The thing is, there's a lot of
other media you can pivot to in order to find those patients. So have we seen it and have we had to do a
certain amount of pivot to do that? Yes. But as far as our marketing efforts, I wouldn't discount them in
any way in the sense of that change being material in some sense in the near future.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

I'm curious, now that you've exited another kind of typical teen season, what sort of penetration do you
think Invisalign has of total teen starts at this point?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Well, I mean, globally -- hey, John, it's Joe. Globally, it's less at 5%. I mean, you look at -- and we'll show
you on Friday exactly what we think that is. In the United States, I think our current number is mid-teens?
Yes.

John, I think you know that too, we have so far to go, right? This is a superior treatment, like I said in our
script. We can do 90% of the orthodontic cases are out there. It's just us continuing to work really closely
with orthodontists and advertise to consumers to explain the benefits of digital orthodontics and move this
forward.

But like I said, this is inevitable. Digital is better. We know it's better. We've made it better. It's more
comprehensive than it was before. It's faster, less invasive. I could go on all day. And that's what drives
this company. That's our purpose. We know we'll hit it. It's just -- there's just a lot of work to get from
here to there.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

And that was -- Joe, that was my follow-up. As you talked to your kind of power users or maybe people
that are just getting started, you've made the product better, you made the software better. What do you
think is the key point of friction at this point to sort of get that adoption rate up, where I think most of us
on this call sort of assume it can get to longer term?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

John, I think it's the classic early adopter syndrome. The doctors who use our product almost exclusively
100% can't imagine not using our product line, right? But they're early adopters in the classical sense.
There's 2 things. There's one, there's a clinical confidence people that are out there that we have to
convince. And it's much easier than it is today than it was 5 years ago, given products like -- first, given
products like mandibular advancement, those kind of things that extend it. And then the predictability of
our products.

Secondly, it's the business equation inside the orthodontic practices that they're convinced they can
actually keep up the margins and the growth capability they have for their practices. We understand that.
And that's why we have programs like ADAPT that we've put together, John, that orthodontists do want
to engage with us, we can show them how to really operate in a digital environment and actually exceed
from a margin standpoint and a growth standpoint.

Operator

Next question comes from Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.

Jason M. Bednar
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Congrats on the record quarter here. A couple of questions from our side. Yes. One big picture. First for
you, Joe. One of the key drivers of growth the past year has been really the adult category outpacing
the teens. Really seemed like heading into this quarter could be the proof point quarter and whether that
growth would flip back to teens. But adult was again stronger than teens here.

So it seems like some good staying power. So I guess, Joe, how do you think about how these 2 segments
play out from here, both obviously have a ton of growth potential. But has the business for Align shifted to
where we should be thinking about adult growth outpacing that of teens as we look forward to the coming
quarters and years?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Jason, it's a good question. But I think it's -- and you'll hear a lot about this Friday, is the demand
equation on this business is incredible, right? The 500 million patients we talk about could primarily be
serviced through the general dentistry area and then the over 20 million that's on -- in the orthodontic
side. I mean that's -- you look at that, you just -- it's a wide open marketplace. So adults have done well,
teens will do well. I just think you have to have them both go up.

And remember, they're dealing from different bases in the sense of, traditionally, 75% of our cases have
been adults and 25% teens. So there is kind of a law of large number on the adult side, but the growth
potential is amazing, and we're just going to go after both ends of that equation as aggressively as we
can.

Jason M. Bednar
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Got it. Okay. That's helpful. Look forward to more on Friday then. And then maybe just more of a real-
time look and also following up on Nate's question there to start out, but asking also a different way.

Maybe wondering if you could talk about how utilization trends have gone here month-to-month on a
regional basis, September, October. And then maybe based on the treatment plans, submissions, other
measures of your funnel, what does the utilization look like as we shift from October to November?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Jason, this is John. We've seen some improvements in utilization. And it's a reflection of kind of coming
out of that seasonality piece of what we've talked about. And kind of navigating through COVID, but we've
been happy with the utilization that we've seen as of late.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Operator

Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I had a question on the gross margin line. I think you guys talked about how you're seeing maybe slightly
higher manufacturing costs in Clear Aligners and then lower freight and higher freight in iTero so there's
other -- higher freight cost there.

So I was just wondering, as we think about some of the global supply chain issues that we've been
reading about and hearing about from other companies, if you could just elaborate a little bit on what
you're seeing in both of those areas.

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Elizabeth, this is John. I can take that. I think when you look at our overall gross margin, broadly
impacted as we talked about additional aligners as we now have ramped up, and we've seen those cases
from the last several quarters as doctors make refinements and get patients in to make refinements to the
care. We see an improvement there in ASP, but there's some offset in gross margin. But broadly when we
look at some of the inflationary pressures and so on, we have long-term contracts.

We have got a supply chain where we're driving a lot of productivity and efficiencies through. So we feel
we're pretty well balanced as we see some of these inflationary headwinds. Not that it's not a challenge --
it's not that it's not a challenge out there for everybody, but we feel that between the contracts we have
and the efficiencies we can drive, we balance it.

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That's really helpful. And maybe I saw that in your outlook, you're obviously talking about around $100
million in share repurchases in the fourth quarter. But your cash balance is moving up nicely. And I was
wondering if you could comment on what you see sort of as the -- your sort of preferred level of cash
balance and if there's any potential for acceleration on the share repurchase line or things that we should
consider in sort of thinking that, that should be a little bit higher than where it's been traditionally?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Yes. I think when you look at on balance, Elizabeth, we're very pleased with the cash generation, almost
$900 million of CFOA 3 quarters of the year. Phenomenal cash, a lot going back into the business to grow
our business, make investments in some of the operating expenditures to grow our business, continue to
make investments in capacity and adding capacity, getting closer to our customers.

And then as we've said with our cash, we'll get back to shareholders to repurchase. So we're very happy
with how things have progressed. We don't have a magical number in terms of how much cash we should
have, but all things in balance, we feel like we're executing to our strategy.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird.

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Joe, I wanted to start maybe on System and Services or maybe John, this for you. But where are we at as
what portion of that revenue is kind of the recurring Services side as opposed to the System sales? And
in 4Q, we're still hearing about a decent amount of PPP money floating around. Obviously, you've got the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

incremental launch coming in China and that of 5D. Should we think of 4Q being a better system quarter
sequentially? Again, just with seasonality there?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Yes, Jeff, this is John. I mean we've been very pleased with our sequential improvements that we've seen
in the Systems and Services and Scanner and Services business. When we look at 5 quarters in a row of
kind of really helping us lead the recovery out of COVID and a lot of investments that doctors are making
-- our doctors are making in the digital platform, this is an excellent reflection of that. We have a lot of
new doctors that started Invisalign this quarter with us, and many of them start with getting an iTero and
being able to utilize that within their practice.

So we feel very good about the Scanner and Services business. About 1/3 of that business is Services. So
that's recurring. And as we improve and have more of an installed base, that just grows that business. So
you've got a very big and growing installed base, coupled with great products that are really driving that
adoption. And especially amongst newer doctors coming in, they're coming in with that scanner to really
incorporate that digital technology into their practice.

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. Understood. And then, Joe, maybe bigger picture question, just on kind of the return in the chair
and what docs are seeing for Clear Aligners and Invisalign especially relative to braces. But we've talked
to more and more docs just even over the last maybe few months who seem to be really spacing those
follow-up visits in Invisalign out to 3 or even 4 months. It's cutting the chair time even in half relative to
pre-COVID levels and well below braces.

So are you seeing the same thing? I know virtual is helping that a little bit. I think some docs even
doing it without virtual just given their confidence in outcomes. But how much is that kind of driving the
argument in that kind of secular push into Clear Aligners, especially with staffing issues that maybe you
guys are hearing about at some of the offices, things like that?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Jeff, that's one of the key ingredients is the productivity of a doctor's time and the productivity of the
real estate within that office. In a digital kind of situation, you can remote monitor it like you do on virtual
care, some other products that are out there and doctors are taking advantage of that. But also, there's
a lot of confidence doctors have, too, if their patients are using the aligners and they will bring them back
every so often and take a look. So that's a big part of it.

Secondly, Jeff, is it -- you can actually work with less labor content and less doctor content and people
in the office and also size of the office, too. And you see a lot of orthodontists understanding that and
really embracing it. There's also a referral aspect of Invisalign is once a patient has an experience with
Invisalign, they're often ready to refer another patient to that doctor much more so than wires and
brackets. And they benefit from that because they see an increase in their sales too.

And we see that constantly and adapt and we focus on that and can actually predict it to a certain extent
of time. So I hope I'm answering your question, Jeff, but that is the whole idea of digital and then we keep
talking about our Align digital capability and being able to service a doctor through iTero, being having
virtual care on both ends and having the kind of capability and horsepower that we can provide with our
algorithms and the extent of our clinical capability is just -- it gives us a huge amount of breadth and
capability at orthodontists.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.

Brandon Couillard

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I actually want to switch gears. You talked quite a bit about the non-case business and the retainer
business. Can you just help us understand why your share has historically lagged there? Maybe a sense of
what your capture rate is today in terms of the cases that also have a follow-on retainer? And how would
you sort of frame the revenue opportunity from these new initiatives?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Brandon, it's a good -- it's why we highlighted it. And it's obviously why we've put money into this thing
and a focus on over the last years. There are certain things in this business that we all know, but there
are so many things to do and focus on that sometimes something that's so obvious like that lacks the
attention that you want to give to it. And we've been talking about this over time. So beginning of this
year, put a team together to really go after those things.

It's hard to say the reason why. It's just we haven't been as focused on retention as we need to be.
And many orthodontists like they make their own retainers. They do it because we just haven't been
competitive in the sense of how we can deliver, how fast we can deliver, how easy we make it for them.
But I guarantee you, if you go out, Brandon, and you query even orthodontists that seldom use our
retainers, they'll tell you we make the best retainers in the world.

And we should, when you make 750,000 unique parts a day, right? We know what we're doing, the fits
are exquisite when you have an iTero scanner to be able to do that. And we set this thing up as a play
for doctors that they can feel confident that we'll get these retainers to them in a quick amount of time.
They're going to be terrific retainers, something they're proud to really get to their patients. And we've
had great feedback on this so far.

So I can't apologize for the past or give you the whole history why we haven't done it, but I feel really
good about the progress we've made so far.

Brandon Couillard
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

That's great. And then just a question on the scanner business. I mean pretty remarkable strength for a
while now. Can you just help us understand like where kind of the sources of this momentum? And is the
NIRI study the type of data set that can move the needle with GPs?

You all often talk about clinical studies, especially with intraoral scanners, but just trying to get a sense
of how significant being able to go and have this data that might be for a GP that doesn't use digital
impressioning today or might be on the fence.

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think NIRI really helps. I really do. It's one of those -- in electronics, we all know there's killer apps,
right, killer applications? When you can see caries, cavities, right, we use the clinical term. But when you
can see cavities without ionizing radiation, and Brandon, what's amazing when you see this, too, what
happens is the enamel almost becomes invisible. It's almost translucent. You can see through the enamel
right to where the caries is. And there's a certain amount of training that has to be done in order to do it.

And look, I grew up in an ionizing radiation business. I know what it is in CT and X-ray and it's -- that
radiation component is better today than it used to be, but it still exists and patients are still concerned
with it over time. And to be able to do this in a sense in a safe way and in a quick way like we do it. You
know what it is to put bitewings in a chair, and it's terrible in a test chair, right? Bite down, turn your head
sideways, I could go through it all day.

And this is a quick scan, 1 minute scan, 1.5 minute scan. It pops up on the screen. You can have a
conversation with the patient and say, "There it is and what it deals with." So yes, I think it's a killer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

application. Will it convince all GPs to buy iTero? No. But then you have to look at exocad, that critical
workflow between labs and GPs really sets us up nicely for restorative pieces.

Soon to announce Smile Architect, which really allows doctors to use restorative orthodontics as a
standard of care. We'll talk about that more Friday. So -- and look, I'm biased. I've been in the -- I'd say,
the medical imaging equipment business for 15 years of my life, counting iTero, this is the best scanner in
the marketplace. And then we're just out to show it and to prove it.

Operator

Our next question is from Chris Cooley with Stephens.

Christopher Cook Cooley
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Congratulations on the record quarter. Just for me, as we all start looking forward to the upcoming
event here this Friday and Saturday, maybe a bigger picture question. As we think about the business,
you've made significant investments in technology not only in pioneering the category, but expanding its
indications for use. You subsequently invested in chairside, really facilitating the diagnostic aspect.

And as the business is now kind of inflecting here 2 straight quarters of $1 billion plus, do we think about
the next stage of investment really kind of going back to a prior question being tools that enable or
enhance the productivity of the clinician or patient flow?

Is it more to marketing at the consumer and clinical level? I'm just kind of thinking about how the
business now pivots for that next stage of continued growth at this greater scale. And I have just one
quick follow-up after that, if I may.

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Chris, it's a really good question because obviously, as we're going through our AOP for next year and
putting those things together. But when you say pivot, I wouldn't use the word pivot, I'd say that we
extend what we're doing. And then we place bets accordingly and where we think we'll get the best return.
We -- I've got to continue advertising. We have [ a peer ] system. We have a wonderful brand. We have to
leverage that piece.

But specifically, and this goes to the last questions we had, too, doctor productivity is a big deal. And when
you look at our Align Digital Platform, inherently, that's what it's about. It's how do you make doctors
more productive to make sure that we don't go back and forth with a ClinChecks? Or how do we make
sure that from our standpoint that we can respond quickly to customer issues. And we're investing heavily
in all those things and making good progress.

It's expensive. A lot of things that you have to do when you're really grounded in software and making
those changes. We have really great talent here that knows how to do that. We've been actually working
the productivity of ClinCheck and those things for 3 to 4 years and it's just starting to bring technology to
the marketplace. So you're right. We're not pivoting toward that. We've been investing in it. But you'll see
the combination of that more and more as we enter next year in the second half of next year too. John,
anything to add?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

No. I think that's the investments that we continue to make. It's about productivity. It's about growing in
this digital orthodontics and our doctors expect it. And our tools will provide that.

Christopher Cook Cooley
Stephens Inc., Research Division

That's great. And if I could just squeeze in a quick follow-on. I just want to make sure it doesn't look out
of proportion, but I just want to make sure we didn't miss something there on the deferred piece in the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

quarter, I think it was approximately $84 million. Anything just COVID-related that we should be mindful
of there? Or is that just normal course of business when we look at the deferred revenue component for
the 3Q?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Thanks, Chris. It's completely normal course of business, nothing COVID-related within there. Just
deferred revenue that we'll recognize in future periods.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mike Ryskin with Bank of America.

Michael Leonidovich Ryskin
BofA Securities, Research Division

A couple of quick ones for me, but I'll try to tie them together into one, on the Scanners and Service
revenue. I noted that your digitally submitted cases continues to grind higher pretty close to hitting 90%
maybe in a year or 2. I'm just wondering, as you continue to place iTeros into the field, how often are you
sort of placing a second or third unit versus getting a new one out there versus a competitor placement
where you're displacing someone else potentially?

And then as a follow-on to that, sort of building off of, I think Elizabeth's question earlier on the supply
chain. Anything specific to semis that we should be thinking about? It's just a question that's come up a
lot, some of our other names, I want to make sure we tie that off as far as it relates to Scanners.

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Mike, from a Scanner standpoint is obviously, we have a great scanner. And I think your question
asked more about saturation more than anything. Our feeling is you got 2 million dentists out there or
orthodontists, right. And each of them actually, if you're going to run a digital practice, you need more
than one scanner. You need a scanner per chair. So you think, let's just say, the average doc has 3 chairs
and there's 2 million doctors out there. We're just touching this thing.

We've got a 50,000 unit installed base. And obviously, this is a growth equation. It's not one where we're
looking to plan out in some time. And obviously, it's a portfolio of churns over time because the technology
moves fast too. So it creates some of its own demand through obsolescence, too. John, on the supply?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

And from a supply standpoint, obviously, we're mindful of concerns and things that go on from a global
supply chain, but we feel comfortable that between the inventory we have and some of the things that
we've been able to do that we can manage through any supply chain concerns that are out there.

Operator

Our next question is from [ Devin Misra ] with Berenberg.

Unknown Analyst

[ Dev ] here for Ravi from Berenberg. I want to kind of revisit the marketing side. I think you guys have
been ramping up marketing spend and the long list of things with very large percentage increases noted
earlier. Where are you seeing higher ROI in regards to marketing? Are there any specific regions?

And then also just going back to a question on growth of teens versus adults. If we kind of look at the
marketing spend on things that you've noted, it seems like a focus is on the teen side, which is kind of
indicative that, that's where you'll see more growth and stronger returns. So any color around that? And
then I have a quick follow-up.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. First of all, from a marketing spend standpoint, I mean, we really do understand, by region, our
kind of return on investment and what we get. I'm not going to share that over the phone, but we're
very aware of that and what it is. We also -- when you asked about the teen advertisements, there's a
seasonality for teens around the world, too. So you'll see like in the quarter we just came out of in the
second quarter, we were going into the teen season. It's big in China, big in the States.

And so you'll see a larger part of our advertising budget go toward that in order to capture that demand.
But yes, this is part of how we go to market. We have a great brand. That brand needs to be enhanced
with patients, and we want those patients going to doctors asking for Invisalign. And we have some very
good capability here from a marketing standpoint to exercise that. John, anything?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

And what we've learned over time is we're -- it's not one size fits all across all the markets. You're trying
to maximize return on investment. And in certain markets, you're doing things that are different than
others, maybe more established markets, you try something different. Maybe other markets that we have,
where we can advertise, we try different things.

But I think the key is we understand what levers to pull. We've learned a lot over the last several years.
We're very excited about these opportunities. And as Joe said, we have the best brand, the best global
brand out there, and we want to be able to reach those potential patients in the way that they are living
their lives. And that's the philosophy that we have. And we talk a lot about that front end, the top of the
funnel metrics, and we're very excited about what we're seeing as we've gone through the last several
quarters.

Unknown Analyst

Okay. Great. And then kind of following up on that direct-to-consumer focus question earlier on. There
was a launch of that teeth whitening solution. And a couple of years ago, there was a Align shops that, via
litigation with SEC, was kind of a focus point there.

So as we envision kind of where the direct-to-consumer side of Align business goes, how does that teeth
whitening solution and how does that fit in? I'm trying to see it seems like there's a big push toward direct
consumer with the -- with that side coming up. So any color on that would be helpful.

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

I mean if your question implies a direct-to-consumer kind of a moat, that's not us. It's not what we do.
It's about what -- but we always have an e-commerce site. We have a great brand called Invisalign.
Patients ask us all the time for whitening cleansers, chewies, things associated with it. And we're just
exercising that capability.

It's one with the whitening standpoint, we probably should have been more aggressive on before. But
again, it's one of those things that we decided to focus on recently. And we're getting great feedback from
the doctors in doing that. And so it only makes sense. It's classic brand extension, and we're going to
leverage that Invisalign brand as well as we can.

Operator

We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to
Shirley Stacy for closing comments.

Shirley Stacy
Vice President of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Thank you, operator. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our conference call. We
look forward to speaking to you again on Friday at the Align 2021 Investor Day in conjunction with our GP
Growth Summit here in Las Vegas. If you have any future questions, please contact Investor Relations.
And thank you for your time, and have a great day.

Operator
This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your
participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

