American Electric Power Company, Inc. 

NYSE:AEP
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 20, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.58

0.60

3.45

1.19

4.22

4.24

0.47

4.40

4365.01

3647.30

(16.44 %)

4479.00

16304.62

15561.40

(4.56 %)

17064.53

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-19-2020 10:30 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

1.11

0.97

1.31

1.19

1.00

1.46

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7.21 %

3.09 %

11.45 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

FQ4 2019

0.58

0.60

3.45 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

 
AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 20, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

Darcy Reese
Director, Investor Relations

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Ali Agha
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Andrew Marc Weisel
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Naaz Khumawala

Praful Mehta
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Sophie Ksenia Karp
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 20, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the American Electric Power Fourth Quarter
2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I
would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Darcy Reese. Please go ahead.

Darcy Reese
Director, Investor Relations

Thank you, Tiffany. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call for
American Electric Power. Thank you for taking time today to join us. Our earnings release, presentation
slides and related financial information are available on our website at aep.com.

Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may
cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a
discussion of these factors.

Our presentation also includes references to non-GAAP financial information. Please refer to the
reconciliation of the applicable GAAP measures provided in the appendix of today's presentation.

Joining me this morning for opening remarks are Nick Akins, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer; and Brian Tierney, our Chief Financial Officer. We will take your questions following their remarks.

I will now turn the call over to Nick.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Okay. Thanks, Darcy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for AEP's Fourth
Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. I'll certainly spend some time reporting on the final quarter of the year and
how the year is concluded, but there is no question AEP has hit the ground running in 2020.

I know I live in Columbus, Ohio, and I do root for the Buckeyes if they're not playing LSU. But I have
to use an LSU analogy, given their victory in the college football and national championship. The way in
which the LSU offense executed during the season is the way I feel about our AEP team, whether it's our
emphasis on customer experience; regulatory activity; major projects and initiatives; contracted and
regulated renewables; capital allocation; O&M optimization; and our focus on culture, innovation and
operational excellence, these are just a few of the plays in the playbook that continue to be executed
flawlessly with the talent that our team possesses. The results of 2019 indicate that, and the success so
far in 2020 of major initiatives that I will cover today indicate that as well.

But first, let's discuss 2019. 2019 was a great year for the company. We delivered operating earnings of
$0.60 per share for the quarter, bringing our operating earnings for 2019 to $4.24 per share, which was at
the top end of our revised guidance range of $4.14 to $4.24 per share.

As we showed at the last EEI Financial Conference, AEP has a habit of hitting the upper half of the
guidance range, if not exceeding it. And this year has been no exception. As we have said repeatedly, we
would be disappointed in not achieving the same track record in the future. Brian will cover GAAP and
operating earnings later in today's presentation.

Additionally, for 2019, we had an average regulated ROE of 9.7% for the year and increased the dividend
as well during fourth quarter 2019. It was also another year of rate case activity with the completion of
cases in West Virginia, Oklahoma and Arkansas and additional filings made in Indiana, Michigan and Texas.

We also filed for regulatory approvals at the PSO and SWEPCO jurisdictions of Oklahoma, Arkansas,
Louisiana and Texas for North Central Wind, a 1,485-megawatt wind investment, all of which I will update

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 20, 2020

later. And during 2019, we acquired the Sempra wind portfolio, which, in addition to our other contracted
renewals portfolio, has delivered beyond our expectations.

Lastly, as we promised during last year's EEI Financial Conference, we are focusing on bending the O&M
curve with an eye toward the future. Late last year, we kicked off our Achieving Excellence Program to
not only further optimize O&M but set the tone for sustainable and lasting culture change that constantly
demands a forward-looking view of efficiency gains, due process and technology reviews.

Brian will get into the details of load growth, but I'll frame the discussion by saying that, although load
decreased in the fourth quarter compared to the previous year, we've seen consistent improvement in our
commercial class of customers through 2019, mainly in education and health care. And while industrial
growth has slowed, we still anticipate further additions in industrial load during 2020, so we are still
projecting an increase in load for 2020.

We have several areas of focus for 2020. First of all, delivering operating earnings within the guidance
range of $4.25 to $4.45 per share, with a midpoint of $4.35 per share. We will continue to focus
on disciplined capital allocation, investing $6.3 billion in CapEx, substantially in our regulated wires
businesses.

We are pleased with the progress of our contracted renewables and fully expect that part of our business
to continue to grow as well. Because of very positive focus on fully utilizing our balance sheet for growth
and dividends, you can expect a more refined approach to capital allocation and rotation as we further
develop opportunities for earnings growth associated with the capital we deploy.

We expect to continue to develop 5% to 7% operating earnings growth. And again, we would expect
a step change of the base for earnings growth after North Central comes into play and continue with a
5% to 7% growth trajectory beyond that. We anticipate more granularity on that by the time we reach
November EEI. Additionally, as we have said before, we would be disappointed if we are not in the upper
half of that growth rate.

Additionally, we will be finalizing base rate cases in Indiana, Michigan and Texas with constructive results,
and I will describe -- that I will describe in a minute. And we'll be initiating rate cases in Ohio, Louisiana
and most likely Kentucky as well.

First, the cases with settlements. In Michigan, I&M filed a unanimous settlement in early January of 2020
with a net revenue requirement of $30 million, authorized ROE of 9.86% and effective date of February
1, 2020. Adjustments for wholesale load loss were approved. So overall, a good settlement that was
approved by the Michigan commission in January.

During fourth quarter, the Arkansas base case was completed with the unanimous settlement filed in
October and approved by the Arkansas Public Service Commission in December 2019. It included an $18
million net increase and 9.45% ROE, with a cap structure of 52.1%, 47.9% debt to equity with a formula
rate plan process for 5 years.

Regarding Texas, on February 13 of this year, AEP Texas filed a settlement that included a $40 million
revenue requirement reduction with a 9.4% ROE and a cap structure of 57.5% debt, 42.5% equity, along
with other disallowances and refunds associated with capital disallowances and tax reform. The settlement
also included deferral of capitalized vegetation management into a regulatory asset collected over 5 years.

In our commitment to file another base case within 4 years and -- and it left to the PUCT to decide the
ring-fencing issue. It appears the commission dealt with the ring-fencing issue in a positive way in the
CenterPoint case so hopefully, it will be treated favorably as well. We anticipate the PUCT will take up the
case at the February 27 Open Meeting.

In the Indiana base case, a hearing was held in October. We continue to await an order and still expect the
order to be effective in March of 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 20, 2020

Regarding the other cases in Ohio, Louisiana and Virginia, SWEPCO Louisiana initiated a base rate
proceeding previously ordered by the LPSC. SWEPCO plans to supplement this filing with the cost of
service study and additional testimony during 2020 after the present 2017 formula rate plan is completed.

In Ohio, we will file our next distribution rate case by June 2020. We now expect this case to be unusually
regarded, and most likely we'll request a fairly low increase in rate. We will also review the distribution
investment rider as part of this case, so more to come later in 2020 on this case.

In APCo, Virginia, we are required to file in March, and we'll show that we earned below the bottom of the
earnings range for the 2017-2019 triennial period. In December 2019, we impaired $93 million before tax
related to the early retirement of 3 coal units that's allowed under Virginia law. This enables us to file for a
rate increase, and we would expect new rates to be effective in February 2021.

Now on to the North Central Wind project. We continue to make positive progress on this 1,485-megawatt
wind project that will benefit PSO and SWEPCO customers. In December 2019, we filed a settlement
agreement in Oklahoma for 675 megawatts. And in late January of this year, we filed a settlement
agreement with parties in Arkansas for 171 megawatts. Together, if approved by the Oklahoma and
Arkansas commissions, that represents about $1.1 billion of incremental capital opportunity and meets the
threshold to move forward with the project, regardless of Louisiana and Texas outcomes.

To move forward with the entire project representing $2 billion of incremental investment would require
Louisiana and Texas to approve their portions or for the other jurisdictions to take advantage of the flex-
up options in another jurisdiction, if another jurisdiction does not move forward. While the Oklahoma
settlement does not include the flex-up option, the Arkansas settlement does recommend this option.

So for example, if Louisiana were to flex-up, Texas would no longer be required. However, I would say we
welcome settlement discussions in both Louisiana and Texas and remain hopeful that these jurisdictions
will also recognize the value that these investments will deliver to customers. First up to bat for approvals
is Oklahoma, which is -- it's on the signing agenda actually for today. And Arkansas approvals are
expected in May of this year, so great progress. And we are optimistic about the future of North Central
Wind.

Of course, regarding the financing, as you might recall, the current $33 billion CapEx plan provided to EEI,
which goes through 2024, supports a 5% to 7% growth rate and does not include North Central Wind.
Although the actual size of an investment is still yet to be determined, and if you were to ask about a base
case assumption, our current thinking is to finance the acquisition with somewhere between 50% to 2/3
equity.

We will time the raising of capital with the execution of the project. In the event of any asset sale or
rotation, we'll consider relevant proceeds as part of the financial decision. The CapEx associated with this
project will be incremental to the current CapEx plan and will result in a step change to base -- in which to
measure our continued 5% to 7% growth rate. We are committed to our 5% to 7% growth rate, and this
will not change. But the addition of this project is expected to put us solidly in the upper half of the range.

Now since we have talked about some of the growth-related issues, let's discuss our Achieving Excellence
Program that will enable us to bend the O&M curve. Over the last decade, AEP has successfully been able
to manage O&M relatively flat. We historically focused on identifying efficiencies implemented with a Lean
Management System throughout the organization.

A couple of years ago, we were put in touch with a company, EHS Partners, actually through State Auto's
CEO at the time, that specializes in engaging companies to focus on generation and enactment of cost
savings ideas. They have also worked with other companies in our space and came highly recommended.
We were not only looking for reviews of existing processes and activities but also with an eye toward
digitization, optimization and sustainability review in the future.

The program is called the Achieving Excellence Program, and it is an employee-based O&M prioritization
and optimization effort to drive down costs in 2020 and beyond. Going forward, we expect to find
additional efficiencies with the program through data analytics, automation, digital tools, use of drones,
outsourcing, workforce planning, strategic sourcing and others. We started the intensive process last year

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 20, 2020

and are currently in the process of validating thousands of ideas and are presently targeting approximately
1,000 for validation and execution. Some have already started in order to leverage into 2020.

Examples of ideas include: various use of telematics to optimize crew routing and utilization; robotic
process automation for labor-intensive processes, like some aspects of accounting; and various uses for
drones for boiler distribution, inspections and so forth. This process is kicking into gear and will become
part of a budgeting process each year and ultimately embedded into our culture of innovation. More to
come on that later in the year.

We are in no doubt in a transformational time in our industry. Our resources are changing dramatically,
and we intend on moving toward a clean energy future as quickly as possible. From the North Central
project; to the recent announcements of the Flat Ridge 3 wind project in Kansas that's being sold to
Evergy -- the output is being sold to Evergy; and to our South Bend solar installation that we partnered
with Notre Dame on, the IURC, Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission, just approved that yesterday; and
with Google, Facebook and Amazon, resources are indeed changing. In fact, by the end of 2020, we will
have retired over 10,000 megawatts of generation to make way for the resources of the future.

This process will continue for AEP and certainly represents another great opportunity to invest capital for
the betterment of the customer experience, to improve reliability and resiliency of the grid and to continue
to improve our carbon emissions. This process will continue in working with our commissions and other
stakeholders and through the development of our integrated resource plans. So when you think about the
opportunities for generation, transformation, investment and transmission, the renaissance of distribution
and distributed resources and the electrification of transportation and other areas, you can't help but be
bullish about the future of this industry and, in particular AEP, with checkmarks in every category.

So now I'll move to the equalizer graph and talk about some of the individual jurisdictions. So overall,
we have regulated operations' ROE of 9.7%. We generally project the ROE for our regulated segments to
be combined in the 9.5% to 10% range. Note that AEP Transmission Holdco is now probably our second
largest company based on average equity. And after APCo, with AEP Ohio, I&M SWEPCO and AEP Texas,
all roughly comparable sizes to each other. And certainly, if PSO approves the North Central project, they'll
pick up as well. So we have -- we're actually pretty well off with subsidiaries that are roughly about the
same size with a lot of diversity.

AEP Ohio, the ROE at the end of the fourth quarter was 12.3%. It's 9.6% adjusted for the legacy items.
And those legacy items are still the legacy fuel and capacity-carrying charges that will be rolling off
probably during this year. So we'll start tapering off to the roughly around 10% ROE as those areas roll
off.

APCo at the end of the fourth quarter of 2019 was 9.2%, is below authorized due to lower normalized
usage, increased other taxes and higher depreciation from increased capital investments, partially offset
by favorable weather. West Virginia implemented new base rates in March of 2019, including a $44 million
base rate increase based at 9.75% ROE. And as I mentioned earlier before, the Virginia triennial review is
in 2020, and I'll cover those periods as well.

As far as Kentucky is concerned, the ROE for Kentucky at the end of fourth quarter was 7.4%, and it's
below authorized due to loss of load from weak economic conditions and loss of major customers, along
with higher expenses. Transmission revenues were also lower due to the delay of some capital projects.

I&M at the end of fourth quarter was 11%. ROE was above authorized due to favorable weather, timing of
expenses and onetime adjustments. I&M expects ROEs to be in the authorized range going forward with
the continued successful execution of capital programs in generation, transmission and distribution and
the recent future test year cases in Indiana and Michigan.

PSO at the end of fourth quarter was 10.7%. PSO's ROE was above authorized mainly due to favorable
onetime true-ups and weather. PSO received an order in its base case settlement effective April 2019
approving a $46 million increase of transmission tracker, ROE of 9.4%, a cap structure of 51.86% debt,
48.14% equity.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 20, 2020

The ROE for SWEPCO at the end of the fourth quarter was 6.8%. That was below authorized due to loss of
load mainly the wholesale load and continued impact of the Arkansas share of the Turk plant that is not in
retail rates. This -- and certainly, as we said before, Turk -- that portion of Turk impacts the ROE by about
125 basis points. SWEPCO received an order in its Arkansas base case settlement, as I mentioned before,
so we expect an uptick on its ROE going forward.

AEP Texas' fourth quarter was 7.7%. And as you know, we -- as I just mentioned, the AEP Texas rate case
was going on, expecting an output of that pretty soon. And then also the TCOS and DCRF filings that we
usually file annually aren't made during the annual period of the rate case, so there's a lag associated
with that. And while earnings should improve in 2020 after we can resume these annual filings, continued
high levels of investment will continue to impact the ROE as well. So investing heavily there. The annual
trackers are particularly important, and it'll be great to resurrect those and keep them going after the
outcome of the rate case.

AEP Transmission Holdco. The ROE for AEP transmission is 11.5% and is driven by higher revenues due
to the differences between actual and forecasted revenues as well as a favorable true-up. And we expect
transmission's forecasting to be in the mid-10% range in 2020. So with that said, we're still making
progress from that perspective. And if the ones -- if they're lower, we have rate cases that are planned.
And we have a stay-out provision in Kentucky. So until June, we'll be most likely filing a case then -- there
as well. So all of them should be moving in the right direction.

So lastly, as many of you know, I'm a lifelong drummer. And out of respect for Neil Peart of Rush, one of
the greatest drummers of all-time as well as a lyricist and novelist, he passed away in January, I'll leave
you with this thought before turning it over to Brian. In his novel, Clockwork Angels, and the song titled
The Garden, he wrote, "The measure of a life is a measure of love and respect; so hard to earn, so easily
burned; in the fullness of time, a garden to nurture and protect."

This is true in life and is also true for companies like AEP. We strive for our investors and other
stakeholders to love what we're doing and respect to work that we do through operational excellence,
financial discipline and innovation. The track record of consistent earnings and dividend quality and
the focus on our communities and customers is central to our continued mission of being the premium
regulated utility. And once again, last year, in 2019, we continued that progress.

Now on to 2020. Rock on, Brian.

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

So thank you, Nick. I'll ask the call participants to listen carefully because, although it's a little bit subtle,
this is, in fact, me rocking on.

So good morning, everyone. I'll take us through the fourth quarter and full year financial results, focusing
primarily on year-to-date and provide some insight on load and the economy, review our balance sheet
and liquidity and finish with a review of our outlook for 2020.

Let's start briefly on Slide 6, which shows the comparison of GAAP to operating earnings for the quarter
and year-to-date period. GAAP earnings for the fourth quarter were $0.31 per share compared to $0.74 in
2018. GAAP earnings for the year were $3.89 per share compared to $3.90 per share in 2018. There is a
reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings in the appendix. We have consistently provided value for our
shareholders, outperforming the S&P 500 Electric Utilities Index in total shareholder return this year, in
both the S&P 500 and Electric Utilities Index over the 3- and 5-year periods, respectively.

Let's turn to slide 7. The fourth quarter operating earnings were $0.60 per share or $294 million compared
to $0.72 per share or $354 million in 2018. The detail by segment is shown in the boxes on the chart. But
the change in our regulated businesses was driven by higher planned O&M and depreciation, more than
offsetting the return on incremental investment.

Generation & Marketing was down $0.07 from last year, primarily driven by the expected timing of taxes.
This segment reflects the growth in the renewables business and favorable retail margins, which offset

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 20, 2020

lower capacity and energy margins in the generation business. Corporate and Other was up $0.02,
primarily due to lower income taxes from the expected timing of consolidated tax adjustments, partially
offset by higher state taxes.

Let's turn to Slide 8 and review our full year results. Annual operating earnings for 2019 were $4.24
per share or $2.1 billion compared to $3.95 per share or $1.9 billion in 2018. Looking at the drivers
by segment. Operating earnings for the Vertically Integrated Utilities were $2.17 per share, up $0.17,
with successful implementation of rate changes being the largest driver. Other positive items included
lower O&M and taxes as well as higher AFUDC. While weather was favorable compared to normal, it
was unfavorable compared to 2018, subtracting $0.16. Normalized load was also down for the year and
depreciation increased as well.

The Transmission & Distribution Utilities segment earned $1 per share, down $0.05 from last year.
Earnings in this segment declined due to the roll-off of legacy riders in Ohio, lower normalized retail
margins and higher O&M, depreciation and property taxes. These items were partially offset by the
recovery of increased transmission investment in ERCOT, higher rate changes, the reversal of a regulatory
provision in Ohio, favorable carrying charges in Texas and lower income taxes.

The AEP Transmission Holdco segment continues to grow, contributing $1.05 per share, making this the
second-largest segment for operating earnings. The improvement in earnings of $0.30 over 2018 reflected
a return on incremental rate base, the nonrecurring prior year accounting adjustment, a favorable annual
true-up and FERC settlement as well as higher AFUDC. Net plant increased by $1.5 billion or 18% since
December of 2018.

Generation & Marketing produced $0.30 per share. The renewables business grew with the repowering
of Trent Mesa and Desert Sky as well as the acquisition of multiple renewable assets. Increases in retail
margins were offset by lower generation sales due to lower energy prices, retirement of plant and
outages.

Finally, Corporate and Other was down $0.14 driven by higher tax expense, primarily from state taxes and
a prior period tax adjustment. Interest expense was also higher. For 2019, we are pleased with our results
as we landed in the upper end of our increased earnings guidance range.

Now let's turn to Slide 9 to provide an update on our system load. Starting in the lower right chart,
normalized retail sales declined by 1.5% in the fourth quarter compared to 2018. The growth in
commercial sales this quarter was more than offset by the decline in industrial and residential sales. For
2019, AEP's normalized retail sales were down 0.8% from the prior year. Sales were down across all
customer classes in most operating companies in 2019.

Moving counterclockwise, normalized commercial sales increased by 0.5% for the quarter. The results
varied by operating company but were strongest in the Transmission & Distribution Utilities segment. The
commercial sectors that experienced the fastest growth for the quarter were utilities, government support
offices and accommodation.

For the annual comparison, normalized commercial sales were down 0.4% in 2018. Not surprising, the
sectors that saw the biggest decline in 2019 was traditional retail. By contrast, there has been consistent
improvement over the past 12 months in commercial sales growth.

Moving left. Normalized residential sales decreased by 0.9% for the quarter. Residential sales were up
in the West Vertically Integrated Utilities but lost momentum elsewhere. While personal income growth
across AEP's footprint outpaced inflation for the quarter, it was unable to keep pace with incomes for
the rest of the U.S. For the year, normalized residential sales were essentially flat compared to 2018.
Customer counts increased by 0.3%, while normalized usage decreased by 0.4%.

Finally, in the lower left chart, industrial sales decreased by 3.5% in the fourth quarter, which brought
the annual comparison to 1.9% below 2018. For both periods, industrial sales were down across most
operating companies. Looking forward to 2020, we are projecting normalized load growth of 0.5% over
2019. The majority of this growth is expected to come from the industrial class, where a number of
industrial expansions are expected to come online.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 20, 2020

Turning to Slide 10. I will provide a brief update with respect to industrial sales growth by sector. This
chart shows the distinction and growth between the oil and gas sectors and all other industrial sectors.
Sales to oil and gas industries increased by 3.5% in the fourth quarter and ended the year 4.4% higher
than 2018. This was largely driven by the 17% growth in the pipeline transportation sector.

Most of this growth was the result of a number of anticipated expansions that address congestion in the
major oil -- in the major shale regions in our service territory. There are additional oil and gas-related
expansions that should provide continued growth in 2020. Focusing your attention on the green bars, the
nonoil and gas industrials were down 6.1% for the quarter and ended the year down 4.2%. For the AEP
System, chemicals manufacturing and transportation equipment manufacturing accounted for most of this
impact.

Now let's turn to Slide 11 and review the status of our regional economies. As shown on the left chart,
GDP growth for AEP service territory was 2.1% for the quarter, which is 0.3% below the U.S. All of our
service territories experienced GDP growth for the quarter, with Texas being the strongest. Moving to the
right chart. Employment growth for the AEP service territory improved to 0.8% above 2018, while U.S.
growth moderated slightly in the fourth quarter. Throughout the AEP footprint, nearly 20,000 jobs were
added in the fourth quarter, with 1/3 of those coming from the education and health care sector.

Now let's turn to Slide 12 and review the company's capitalization and liquidity. Our debt-to-total capital
ratio increased during the quarter to 59.8% from 58.7% as we borrowed to fund our investment program.
Our FFO-to-debt ratio stood at 13.5% on a GAAP basis and 13.9% based on Moody's methodology,
reflecting increased debt and the impact of the flowback of ADIT through customer rates. Importantly, this
is consistent with the drivers embedded in our guidance provided at the November 2019 EEI conference.
Liquidity remains strong at $2.1 billion, supported by our revolving credit facility.

Our qualified pension funding increased approximately 3% to 97%, and our OPEB funding increased
approximately 22% to 145%. Positive equity returns, combined with rising yields that decreased pension
and OPEB liabilities, resulted in improvements in both plans' funded status. The OPEB funded status also
benefited from legislation the President signed in December that repealed the Cadillac tax and health
insurance fee.

Let's try and wrap this up on Slide 13 and get to your questions. We begin 2020 with a solid track record.
Our 2019 earnings were strong as we continue to invest capital in our businesses and earn a return on this
investment. We successfully integrated new contracted renewables into our portfolio. For 9 years now, we
have maintained O&M discipline and kept spending net of offsets in a tight range of between $2.8 billion
and $3.1 billion. In addition, over time, we have grown our dividend with earnings and expect to be able
to do so going forward. Our dividend payout ratio is solidly in our 60% to 70% targeted range.

Looking ahead to 2020, we are reiterating our operating earnings guidance of $4.25 to $4.45 per share.
We will finalize our pending rate cases and move forward with additional opportunities in the renewable
space. We will continue our disciplined approach to allocating capital and are confident that there is
significant runway in our capital programs to reaffirm our long-term operating earnings growth rate of 5%
to 7%.
With that, I will turn the call over to the operator for your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 20, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ali Agha with STRH.

Ali Agha
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

First question, I just wanted to confirm that the 5% to 7% growth rate. Is that still based off the original
midpoint of 2018?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Yes, it is.

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

Yes.

Ali Agha
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then in the past, I know, Nick and Brian, you've talked about -- when you talked about the 5%
to 7%, you've talked about hitting the high end of the range. I think today, I heard you say upper half.
So just wanted to be clear, is the aspiration upper half? Or is it the high end, which I heard you say in the
past as well?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So we say the upper half as far as a generalization, obviously, and as we go forward. There's no
question -- I mean we'd be disappointed if -- it's pretty much the same thing to us.

Ali Agha
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then Nick, can you give us your latest thoughts on Kentucky Power and where that fits in the
portfolio? Might that be a source of funding for North Central Wind? Just how you're thinking about it
currently?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, certainly, we're in a position now to where we can -- when we have uses for, certainly, for capital
to invest. We're able to look at our entire portfolio and determine, "Okay. Is there an opportunity for
a rotation? Is there an opportunity for sale of assets?" Those types of things. But certainly, Kentucky
remains a part of our portfolio. Obviously, as we look at any future positive investment we're making,
I think it's probably safe to say, and you probably see from the FFO to debt and other credit metrics,
that we're fully utilizing our balance sheet. So we're moving into a stage where we have to think about
optimization from an ROE standpoint for our investors. And that forces us to look at sources and uses.
So no, I'm not commenting on Kentucky, in particular. I think it's important to say that now we're a fully
regulated utility, we can look at investments across the board and see what the best approach is. And I
think that's what we're certainly alluding to as we go through this process. And really, with North Central,
by the time the investment is needed, we have time to go through that process.

Ali Agha
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 20, 2020

I got you. The last question, Brian. I'm looking at your 2020 load growth projections. What's causing
residential to fall off more significantly in '20 versus the trend we saw in '19?

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

It's just a normal business cycle in that we see residential and commercial generally follow industrial. And
now, industrial is starting to come out of that, and residential and commercial just haven't followed yet.
It's really just a normal business cycle.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank.

Andrew Marc Weisel
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

My first question is on dividends. The 2020 increase was 4.5% versus guidance, have it growing
approximately in line with EPS growth at the high end, really, to the 5% to 7% range. So can you just
remind us what the latest thinking is on what to expect going forward, and if 6% would be a good bogey?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, it's unchanged. We fully expect our dividend growth to be commensurate with our earnings growth.
And as you know, we've talked about this, the 4.5% this year. And then the previous year was 8.2% or
something like that, so it averages out to 6%. We focus on, nominally, the 6%, so you can expect that in
the future.

Andrew Marc Weisel
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Okay. Great. Just wanted to affirm that. Next question, forgive me if I missed it, but can you describe
what you're expecting around FERC-approved transmission ROEs for your subs? And would you expect
your PJM- and SBP-allowed ROEs to be within the range of the reasonableness?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So obviously, we have that case in the Northeast that has brought up at least some issues. And
certainly, that's being evaluated. A lot of parties have filed to review that outcome of the MISO case.
And that was really the one that that I think sort of sent a message. Previously, in Northeast, there is
a mechanism for 4 different measures, and they went to 2 different measures with MISO. And I think
it maybe had some unintended consequences, hopefully. But certainly, the industry's responded. AEP's
responded as far as Transource. Our -- we have settlements in our -- in the East and the West. And in
the East, we have a stay-out provision. In the West, we do not. So they're -- but it wouldn't make any
sense for filings to occur while the FERC is continuing to review the outcome of the MISO rehearing that's
occurring. So yes, so the stay out was an SBP. So just want to make sure of that.

But nevertheless, right now, though, our rates, we view them as consistent with that realm of
reasonableness, and we continue to see it that way. And I think -- as we get through the rehearing at
FERC, I think there's certainly an opportunity for us to ensure that that's the case going forward.

Andrew Marc Weisel
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Any sense of when we might have a better clarity on that? I know it's a tough process to predict.
Everything in FERC is tough to predict in terms of timing.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 20, 2020

Yes. Yes. You have to ask FERC that question. But I think that -- certainly, I think there is a necessity to
get it resolved quickly because it's brought a lot of unintended risk into the investment and transmission.
And I think it's important to get it rectified earlier.

And as you might recall, the FERC did start looking at, actually, our PATH project as a proxy for evaluation
of what an ongoing view should look like. And we view that as promising. And certainly, they have reacted
reasonably quickly from that perspective. And I think they recognize that the market is truly watching in
terms of what FERC's philosophy is relative to transmission investment, which I believe is unchanged.

And actually, I think, at least what I've heard from the commissioners and public forums is that the
transmission continues to be an investment that's required for optimization of the grid. And historically,
they've incentivized that, and I fully expect them to continue to do that.

Andrew Marc Weisel
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Great. That's very helpful. One last quick one. I know the Texas rate case settlement doesn't directly
impact the North Central Wind proposal, but did that come up at all in your discussions? Did the
interveners give any indication about how they're thinking about it?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

No. I think they're being dealt with completely separately. AEP Texas is the case that -- it's a base case.
And then actually, the wind project is in the SWEPCO jurisdiction associated with Texas. So it's still
integrated -- regulated in that part of Texas. And they're used to dealing with wind request. It's happened
before. There's a lot of precedents for a review of the wind projects. And certainly, we were building upon
what we learned from the previous Wind Catcher activity and filed something that we felt like addressed
the concerns during that period of time but also dealt with it in a way that's consistent with the integrated
resource planning processes and something that's fairly innocuous in terms of review by the commission.

So we certainly -- and as I said earlier, I think Oklahoma and Arkansas are well on their way. Louisiana
and Texas are certainly in the process. So -- and we would certainly -- or hopeful that they'll continue to
see the benefits of that project as well and get it done very quickly.

Andrew Marc Weisel
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Right. No. I know they're separate jurisdictions. I'll just add because I think there's a lot of overlapping
intervenors. But fair enough. I appreciate the color.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

No. There's not really -- I mean the intervenors themselves may be the same but the issues are very
different.

Operator

Our next question comes from Praful Mehta with Citigroup.

Praful Mehta
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Congrats on a good quarter and a good year.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks.

Praful Mehta

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 20, 2020

Citigroup Inc, Research Division

So just wanted to clarify again on the equity point and the credit point first. It was helpful to get the
overall perspective on how you look at the portfolio. And the credit, clearly -- at this point, your balance
sheet is being utilized well. So if North Central were to move forward, is the understanding that if there
isn't any portfolio optimization opportunity that some equity would be issued at some point? Just want to
clarify the timing of that, and any further thoughts on that credit and equity point.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So I'll turn it over to Brian in a second. But certainly, our view is that we sort of presented a base
case of -- without any rotation or any of those kinds of activities occurring, we would expect equity to
be issued in that 50% to 2/3 range. So I think that's at least a going-in position. And certainly, the --
we're seeing the project is entirely 100% incremental to our existing capital forecast, so you would expect
equity. But if there's any kind of capital rotation or sale of assets that mitigates the need for any portion or
all the equity then, certainly, that will be a part of the process. Brian?

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. The only additional color I'd add to that, Praful, is we think that we could time any equity needs
consistently with when the projects for North Central Wind would come online. A small portion at the end
of 2020 and a much more significant portion at the end of '21.

Praful Mehta
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Got it. Okay. So the earnings and the dilution probably match, that helps kind of with the earnings profile
there?

Brian X. Tierney
Executive VP & CFO

That's right. We think we could time them very closely.

Praful Mehta
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Okay. Perfect. And then just secondly, on the renewable opportunities, which you highlight, is this more
utility-side renewables? Or is it more on the unregulated side? Or both? If you can just give a little bit
more color. And also how big do you see the opportunity to be? Because, clearly, everybody seems to be
investing more on that side, and there is a significant opportunity. So if you can scale that for us, that
would be helpful, too.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So it's on both sides -- both sides of the ledger. And obviously, we still have integrated regulated
jurisdictions. And the 1 South Bend project in partnership with Notre Dame, that's on the regulated
Indiana Michigan Power. And then also there's projects that others have done in our regulated footprint.
And as well, on the contracted side, we continue to advance that around the country in various forms, but
not just tied to wind power or solar but other projects as well.

And we're sort of unique, I guess, from the contracted business. We cover about every quadrant of the
business relationship that customers would expect. And really, our on-site partners, our AEP Energy or AEP
Retail, all those come together to really provide sort of an all-in solution for customers.

So we see the growth occurring on both sides, I think, with -- or certainly North Wind -- or North Central,
as an example, obviously, the way the integrated resource plans of various jurisdictions are moving

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 20, 2020

forward. I know out of APCo there's a solar requirement in Virginia. And then there's other opportunities
for us to do it on the regulated side as well as in the unregulated.

Keep in mind, we -- our contracted business, we limit to 10% of the business because of tax reasons. And
so we want the regulated side to grow to enable our contracted business to grow as well. And that's a nice
balance for us, and we'll continue doing that. And certainly, I would say it's moving very much in both
directions. And if you look at post North Central and what's now after the purchase of the Sempra wind
assets, we're probably -- I mean roughly, half and half. So I think it's a great diverse solution.

Praful Mehta
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Got it. That's super helpful. And given the size of your footprint and, as you said, you have opportunities
on both sides, do you see that as helping you achieve that higher end or upper end of the 7% or even
getting beyond that? I'm just trying to gain dimension how big the opportunity could be, given you have it
on really both sides given your footprint.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I think that's why we said upper half because there's so many opportunities out there for us and for
our ability to continue to grow. Certainly, we're going to have to continue to feed the beast in a way that
continues that 5% to 7% growth trajectory.

But as we said before, with all the projects that we know that are out there, with the opportunities in
front of us, and you can look at our integrated resource plan on the regulated side and see what's in front
of us. And you can certainly see -- I think there was a report recently of AEP and just the generation
transformation alone, which drives the renewable piece of it, along with some natural gas. It's a real
opportunity for AEP to continue to enhance that growth pattern. So really, the fundamentals are there. It's
a matter of execution.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc.

Sophie Ksenia Karp
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

So on North Central Wind, I guess you've had pretty constructive settlements in a couple of jurisdictions
by now, Texas being more or less the only one where you're still engaged in an active regulatory process.
I'm just curious, at what point do you think you have a critical mass to officially call it a go and put in the
plan?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. We've got that. Once the -- if we get approval from the Oklahoma commission, maybe today, and
then we get approval from Arkansas, we have the critical mass for the project to move forward. The
question is at what scale. So with those 2 projects together, you're already at 846 megawatts of the
1,485. And it's already a $1.1 billion investment.

And if you move forward with Louisiana, for example -- and Arkansas, remember, has the flex up. So the
flex up means that they'll take the additional capacity -- the capacity -- the wind power capacity, if it's not
taken by another jurisdiction. So if Arkansas flexes up and then Louisiana approves with a flex up, then
you've got the 1,485 megawatts of the whole project. Now, obviously, if Texas sees its way to be a part of
the project as well, which I believe they should, then each of the states will participate in the full project.
So right now, I'd say, with Oklahoma and Arkansas, if the settlements are approved, the project is moving
forward. That's a given.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 20, 2020

Then the question becomes, "Okay. At what scale?" And that will be determined by the other 2
jurisdictions and the amount of flex up that's enabled in those settlements. So I'd say you should be
happy with the progress right now. And I think -- I also think you should be optimistic about this project
being fully wetted and fully approved.

Sophie Ksenia Karp
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Terrific, terrific. And then as a follow-up to the same kind of line of thinking, right, it seems like this
playbook is working really better than maybe some of the prior projects you're looking at. Is that
something that you can use over and over again as you scale up your investments in renewables, maybe
on the regulated side?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Oh, absolutely. I think there's a pattern here, and that's why I talked so much about the generation's
transformation that's occurring. We're -- we already have -- we're retiring generation, older generation --
and that's coal and natural gas, and certainly replacing with new resources that provide a real opportunity.
And that opportunity is really driven by reducing costs for consumers.

And this thing, the North Central, is a perfect representation of an overall -- of the entire project, $2 billion
in investment but over $3 billion in savings to customers. And that's one of the key areas for the utility in
the future is to be able to deploy capital to reduce customers' bills. And that's what we're doing, and that's
what many of these projects allow us to do.

Operator

Our next question comes from Naaz Khumawala with [ Granite Lane ].

Naaz Khumawala

Congratulations on LSU.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I put that in there for you.

Naaz Khumawala

I wanted to -- I had a clarification for you. Just when you guys talk about your pro forma for North Central
Wind, is that putting you at the high end of the 5% to 7%? Or does it put a step up in earnings and then
you grow off of that?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

It'll be a step up. It'll be a step up -- a step change when North Central gets in, but we'll continue at the
5% to 7%.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] No further questions at this time.

Darcy Reese
Director, Investor Relations

Thank you for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any additional
questions you may have. Tiffany, would you please give the replay information?

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 20, 2020

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 11:15 a.m. Eastern
today through midnight, February 27. You may access the AT&T Teleconference Replay System at any time
by dialing 1 (866) 207-1041 and entering access code 7223769. International participants may dial (402)
970-0847.
That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T
Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 20, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

