Ameren Corporation NYSE:AEE
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, August 06, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.84

0.80

(4.76 %)

1.59

3.77

4.04

Revenue  (mm)

1433.63

1472.00

2.68

1762.70

6159.19

6417.43

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-02-2021 12:11 PM GMT

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.47

0.42

0.76

0.84

1.47

0.46

0.91

0.80

0.00 %

9.52 %

19.74 %

(4.76 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew Kirk
Director of Investor Relations

Martin J. Lyons
Chairman & President of Ameren
Missouri

Michael L. Moehn
Executive VP, CFO, Chairman of
Ameren Missouri & President of
Ameren Services

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Paul Patterson
Glenrock Associates LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings. Welcome to Ameren Corporation's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]
Please note, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren
Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Kirk. You may begin.

Andrew Kirk
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and
Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as
well as other members of the Ameren management team joining us remotely. Warner and Michael will
discuss our earnings results and guidance as well as provide a business update, then we will open the call
for questions.

Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that is
accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To
assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage
that will be referenced by our speakers.

As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain
statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those
about future expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, strategies, targets, estimates, objectives, events,
conditions and financial performance.

We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated.
For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-looking Statements section
in the news release we issued yesterday and the Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors sections
in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all per share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation,
including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted.

Now here's Warner, who will start on Page 4 of our presentation.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning, I'll begin with the
statement that I've been making for quite some time now. Simply put, our team continues to effectively
execute our strategic plan across all of our businesses, which includes making significant investments in
our energy infrastructure to enhance the reliability and resiliency of the energy grid as well as transition
to a cleaner energy future in a responsible fashion. These investments, coupled with our continued focus
on disciplined cost management, are delivering significant value to our customers communities and
shareholders.

Moving now to our second quarter earnings results. Yesterday, we announced second quarter 2021
earnings of $0.80 per share. Our earnings were down $0.18 per share from the same time period in 2020,
primarily due to a change in the seasonal electric link design at Ameren Missouri that reduced earnings
$0.19 per share. The impact of this change in rate design will reverse in the third quarter of 2021 and is
not expected to impact full year results. Michael will discuss the other key drivers of our second quarter
earnings results a bit later.

Due to the continued strong execution of our strategy, I am pleased to report that we remain on track to
deliver within our 2021 earnings guidance range of $3.65 per share to $3.85 per share.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Speaking of the execution of our strategy, let's move to Page 5, where we reiterate our strategic plan.
The first pillar of our strategy stresses investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with
existing regulatory frameworks. This has driven our multiyear focus on investing in energy infrastructure
with a long-term benefit of our customers.

As a result, and as you can see on the right side of this page, during the first 6 months of this year,
we invested significant capital in each of our business segments, including wind generation at Ameren
Missouri, which I'll discuss later. These investments are delivering value to our customers. As I said before,
our energy grid is stronger, more resilient, and more secure because of the investments we are making in
all 4 business segments.

Consistent with the Missouri Smart Energy Plan, we have made significant investments to harden the
energy grid, which has reduced outages and installed nearly 300,000 electric smart meters for customers.
These smart meters will help customers better manage their usage and control their overall energy costs.

In Illinois, we continue to execute on our electric distribution and gas monetization action plans. The
plans include investments to strengthen electric power poles, replace gas transmission pipelines and
compression coupled steel mains as well as to implement new efficiency measures, including mobile-
enhanced communications and assessment capabilities for our crews. These improvements, along with
our investments in outage detection technology, are resulting in improvements in system reliability and
millions of dollars in savings for customers.

Moving now to regulatory matters. In late March, Ameren Missouri filed a request for a $299 million
increase in annual electric service revenues and a $9 million increase in annual natural gas revenues with
the Missouri Public Service Commission.

In our Illinois Electric business, we requested a $60 million base rate increase in our required annual
electric distribution rate filing. These proceedings are all moving along on schedule. We will be able to
provide you information on these proceedings as they develop later this summer and into the fall.

Finally, we remain relentlessly focused on continuous improvement and disciplined cost management,
including retaining many of the cost savings that we realized in 2020 due to the actions we took to
mitigate the impacts of COVID-19.

Moving to Page 6 and the second pillar of our strategy, enhancing regulatory frameworks and advocating
for responsible energy and economic policies. Starting in Missouri, in May, the Missouri Legislature passed
a bill, allowing for securitization in the state. This constructive legislation, which was signed by Governor
Parson in July, gives us another important regulatory tool to facilitate our transition to a cleaner energy
future in a cost-effective manner for our customers.

However, as we have stated in the past, our robust Integrated Resource Plan does not rely on
securitization to be successful. Our flexible and responsible plan, which includes approximately $8 billion
of investments in renewable energy through 2040, the retirement of all of our coal-fired energy centers,
and extending the life of our carbon-free Callaway Nuclear Energy Center focuses on getting the energy
we provide to our customers as clean as we can, as fast as we can without compromising on reliability,
customer affordability, and the evolution of new clean energy technologies. And as I will touch on later, I
am pleased to say that we are already taking steps to implement this important plan for our customers,
the State of Missouri, and our country.

Moving now to Illinois. Last month, the Illinois Commerce Commission approved Ameren Illinois’ electric
vehicle charging program. Under this program, we're able to support the development of a network of
charging infrastructure in Central and Southern Illinois as well as implement special time-based delivery
service rates and other incentives to help encourage the use of electric vehicles. We are excited about this
new program because it will drive greater electrification of the transportation sector as well as help the
state of Illinois move towards its clean energy goals.

Moving to Illinois legislative efforts, as many of you know, we have been working to enhance the
regulatory framework for our Illinois Electric business. The performance-based regulatory framework
in place today has delivered strong value for customers and shareholders over the years. However, the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

framework is scheduled to sunset in 2022. As a result, we have been working with key stakeholders
to develop constructive long-term regulatory policies that support important investments in energy
infrastructure, while enabling us to earn fair returns from those investments.

As you know, throughout the regular legislative session, which ended late May, we advocated for the
Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act, which would have largely extended the existing framework until
2032, while putting in place provisions that would set the Ameren Illinois electric distribution ROE at the
national average.

At the same time, many other energy-related legislative proposals from other stakeholders were proposed
during the legislative session, including proposals from Governor Pritzker, labor and environmental groups,
to address the potential closure of nuclear plants in the states, Illinois Clean Energy Transition and the
electric distribution framework going forward. For months, stakeholders have been in discussion seeking to
find an appropriate compromise to all these proposals.

While progress is made in these issues, the regular legislative session ended on May 31, with no energy
legislation being put before the Senate or House of Representatives for a vote. A special session was called
in mid-June to further discuss draft energy legislation, but no bill was filed nor action taken. Needless to
say, we will continue to work with key stakeholders to find a constructive solution to this important matter.

Turning to Page 7 for an update on FERC regulatory matters. In April, FERC issued a supplemental Notice
of Proposed Rulemaking, or NPR, on electric transmission return on equity incentive adder for participation
in a Regional Transmission Organization, or RTO. As you may recall, under the NPR, the RTO incentive
adder would be removed for utilities that have been members of an RTO for 3 years or more, like Ameren
Illinois and ATXI.

We have been very clear that we disagree with FERC's proposed recommendation in this matter for a
number of reasons and recently filed comments strongly posing the removal of the adder. Of course, we
are unable to predict the ultimate outcome or timing of this matter as the FERC is under no time line to
issue decision.

In addition, in June, the FERC issued an order establishing a joint federal state task force on electric
transmission. This order establishes a first-of-its-kind task force to explore with state commissions
transmission-related issues, including how to plan and pay for transmission facilities, recognizing that
federal and state regulators share authority over different aspects of these transmission-related issues.
The task force will be comprised of the FERC commissioners and representatives nominated by the
National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners from 10 state commissions. The first public
meeting is expected to be held this fall.

Also last month, the FERC issued an advanced notice of proposed rule-making related to regional
transmission planning and cost allocation processes, including critical long-term planning for anticipated
future generation needs. We continue to assess the matters raised in the advanced NPR and expect to file
comments with the FERC this fall. Again, we are unable to predict the ultimate timing or outcome of this
matter as FERC is under no time line to issue a decision.

Speaking of planning for future transmission needs, please turn to Page 8. As I discussed on the call in
May, MISO completed a study outlining a potential road map of transmission projects through 2039, taking
into consideration the rapidly evolving generation mix that includes significant additions of renewable
generation based on announced utility integrated resource plans, state mandates, and goals for clean
energy or carbon emission reductions, among other things.

Under MISO's Future 1 scenario, which is the scenario that resulted in an approximate 60% carbon
emission reduction below 2005 levels by 2039, MISO estimates approximately $30 billion of future
transmission investment in the MISO footprint. Further, MISO's Future 3 scenario resulted in an
80% reduction in carbon emissions below 2005 levels by 2039. Under this scenario, MISO estimates
approximately $100 billion of transmission investment in the MISO footprint would be needed.

It is clear that investment in transmission is going to play a critical role in the clean energy transition, and
we are well positioned to plan and execute potential projects in the future for the benefit of our customers

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

and country. We continue to work with MISO and other key stakeholders and believe certain projects
outlined in Future 1 are likely to be included in this year's MISO's transmission planning process, which
is currently scheduled to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2021. However, it is possible the process
could go into the first quarter of 2022.

Moving now to Page 9 for an update on our $1.1 billion wind generation investment related to the
acquisition of 700 megawatts of new wind generation at 2 sites in Missouri. Ameren Missouri closed on
the acquisition of its first wind energy center, a 400-megawatt project in Northeast Missouri in December.
In January, Ameren Missouri acquired a second wind generation project, the 300-megawatt Atchison
Renewable Energy Center located in Northwestern Missouri. I am pleased to report that as of the end
of the second quarter, the Atchison Renewable Energy Center is now in service. With both facilities now
operating, it marks a key milestone as we continue to transition our energy portfolio towards a cleaner
energy future.

Turning now to Page 10 and an update on Ameren Missouri's Callaway Energy Center. As we've previously
discussed, during its return to full power as part of its 24th refueling and maintenance outage in late
December 2020, Callaway experienced a nonnuclear operating issue related to its generator. A thorough
investigation of this matter was conducted and the decision was made to rewind the generator stator and
rotor in order to safely and sustainably return the energy center to service.

I am pleased to report that the generator project was executed very well and that the energy center
returned to service on August 4. The completion of this project positions Callaway for a sustainable long-
term future. The cost of the capital project was approximately $60 million. As we have said previously,
the insurance claims for the capital project and replacement power have been accepted by our insurance
carrier, which will mitigate the impact of this outage for our customers. In addition, we do not expect this
matter to have a significant impact on Ameren's financial results.

Turning to Page 11. We remain focused on delivering a sustainable energy future for our customers,
communities and our country. This page summarizes our strong sustainability value proposition for
environmental, social and governance matters and is consistent with our vision leading the way to a
sustainable energy future.

Beginning with environmental stewardship, last September, Ameren announced its transformational plan
to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050 across all of our operations in Missouri and Illinois. This
plan includes interim carbon emission reduction targets of 50% and 85% below 2005 levels in 2030
and 2040, respectively, and is consistent with the objectives of the Paris Agreement in limiting global
temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius. We also have a strong long-term commitment to our customers
and communities to be socially responsible and economically impactful.

Finally, our strong corporate governance is led by a diverse Board of Directors focused on strong oversight
that's aligned with ESG matters. And our executive compensation practices include performance metrics
that are tied to sustainable long-term performance, diversity, equity and inclusion and progress towards
a cleaner, sustainable energy future. I encourage you to take some time to read more about our strong
sustainability value proposition. You can find all of our ESG-related reports at amereninvestors.com.

Turning now to Page 12. Looking ahead, we have a strong sustainable growth proposition, which will
be driven by a robust pipeline of investment opportunities of over $40 billion over the next decade that
will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders and making our energy grid stronger, smarter and
cleaner. Importantly, these investment opportunities exclude any new reasonably beneficial transmission
projects, including the potential road map of MISO transmission projects I discussed earlier, all of which
would increase the reliability and resiliency of the energy grid as well as enable our country's transition to
a cleaner energy future.

In addition, we expect to see greater focus from a policy perspective on infrastructure investments to
support the electrification of the transportation sector. Our outlook for 2030 does not include significant
infrastructure investments for electrification at this time. Of course, our investment opportunities will not
only create stronger and cleaner energy grid to meet our customers' needs and exceed their expectations,
but they would also create thousands of jobs for our local economies.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure and a
transition to a cleaner energy future in a safe, reliable and affordable fashion will be critical to meeting our
country's future energy needs and delivering on our customers' expectations.

Moving to Page 13. To sum up our value proposition, we remain firmly convinced that the execution
of our strategy in 2021 and beyond will deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders and the
environment. In February, we issued our 5-year growth outlook, which included a 6% to 8% compound
annual earnings growth rate from 2021 to 2025. This earnings growth was primarily driven by strong rate
base growth and compares very favorably with our regulated utility peers.

Importantly, our 5-year earnings and rate base growth projections do not include 1,200 megawatts of
incremental renewable investment opportunities outlined in Ameren Missouri's Integrated Resource Plan.
Our team continues to assess several renewable generation proposals from developers. We expect to file
this year with the Missouri PSC for certificates of convenience and necessity for a portion of these planned
renewable investments. I am confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across
all 4 of our business segments as we have an experienced and dedicated team to get it done.

That fact, coupled with our sustained past execution of our strategy on many fronts, has positioned us
well for future success. Further, our shares continue to offer investors a solid dividend, which we expect
to grow in line with our long-term earnings per share growth guidance. Simply put, we believe our strong
earnings and dividend growth outlook results in a very attractive total return opportunity for shareholders.
Again, thank you all for joining us today.

I will now turn the call over to Michael.

Michael L. Moehn
Executive VP, CFO, Chairman of Ameren Missouri & President of Ameren Services

Thanks, Warner, and good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 15 of our presentation. Yesterday, we
reported second quarter 2021 earnings of $0.80 per share compared to $0.98 per share for the year ago
quarter. Earnings in Ameren Missouri, our largest segment, decreased $0.18 per share, driven primarily
by a change in seasonal electric rate design, resulting from the March 2020 rate order, which provided for
winter rates in May and summer rates in September rather than the blended rates used in both months in
2020. The rate design change decreased earnings $0.19 per share and is not expected to impact full year
results.

Earnings were also impacted by the timing of income tax expense, which decreased earnings $0.03 per
share and is not expected to impact full year results. As Warner mentioned, during the quarter, we remain
relentlessly focused on continuous improvement and disciplined cost management and have been able to
largely maintain the level of operations and maintenance savings this quarter that we experienced during
the year-ago period, which was significantly affected by COVID-19.

The increase in other operations and maintenance expenses, which decreased earnings $0.02 per share,
was primarily due to more favorable market returns on the cash surrender value of company-owned life
insurance in the year ago period.

As you can see, we have worked hard this year to control costs where we can. The amortization of
deferred expenses related to the fall 2020 Callaway Energy Center scheduled refueling and maintenance
outage and higher interest expense primarily due to higher long-term debt balances outstanding also
decreased earnings $0.02 per share. These factors were partially offset by an increase in earnings of
$0.05 per share due to increased investments in infrastructure and wind generation, eligible for plant-in-
service accounting and the Renewable Energy Standard Rate Adjustment Mechanism, or RESRAM.

Higher electric retail sales also increased earnings by approximately $0.04 per share, largely due to
continued economic recovery in this year's second quarter compared to the unfavorable impacts of
COVID-19 in the year ago period. We've included on this page the year-over-year weather-normalized
sales variances for the quarter. Overall weather-normalized sales are largely consistent with our
expectations outlined in our call in February, as we still expect total sales to be up approximately 2% in
2021 compared to 2020.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Moving to other segments. Ameren Transmission earnings declined $0.03 per share over year, which
reflected the absence of the prior year benefit from the May 2020 FERC order addressing the allowed
base return on equity, which more than offset earnings on increased infrastructure investment. Earnings
for Ameren Illinois Natural Gas decreased $0.01 per share. Increased delivery service rates that became
effective in late January 2021 were offset by a change in rate design, which is not expected to impact
full year results. Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution earnings increased $0.02 per share, which reflected
increased infrastructure investments and a higher allowed ROE under performance-based ratemaking.

Ameren Parent and Other results were also up $0.02 per share compared to the second quarter of 2020,
primarily due to the timing of income tax expense, which is not expected to impact full year results. And
finally, 2021 earnings per share reflected higher weighted average shares outstanding.

Before moving on, I'll touch on year-to-date sales trends for Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution. Weather-
normalized kilowatt hour sales to the Illinois residential customers decreased 1%. And weather-normalized
kilowatt hour sales to Illinois commercial and industrial customers increased 2.5% and 2%, respectively.
Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois, no matter the cause, do not affect our earnings since we
have full revenue decoupling.

Turning to Page 16. Now I'd like to briefly touch on key drivers impacting our 2021 earnings guidance.
We're off to a strong first half in 2021 and as Warner stated, we continue to expect 2021 diluted earnings
to be in the range of $3.65 to $3.85 per share. Select earnings considerations for the balance of the year
are listed on this page and are supplemental to the key drivers and assumptions discussed on our earnings
call in February.

I will note that our third quarter earnings comparison will be positively impacted by approximately $0.19
per share due to the seasonal electric rate design change effective in 2021 at Ameren Missouri that we
discussed earlier.

Moving now to Page 17 for an update on regulatory matters. Starting with Ameren Missouri, as you
recall, on March 31st, we filed for a $299 million electric revenue increase with the Missouri Public Service
Commission. The request includes a 9.9% return on equity, a 51.9% equity ratio, and a September 30,
2021 estimated rate base of $10 billion. Intervenor testimony will be filed in early September with rebuttal
testimony on October 15. Evidentiary hearings are scheduled to begin in late November.

In addition, on March 31, we filed for a $9 million natural gas revenue increase with the Missouri PSC. The
request includes a 9.8% return on equity, a 51.9% equity ratio and a September 30, 2021, estimated rate
base of $310 million. A Missouri PSC decision in both rate reviews is expected by early February with new
rates expected to be effective by late February.

Moving to Ameren Illinois regulatory matters. In April, we made our required annual electric distribution
rate update filing. Under Illinois performance-based ratemaking, these annual rate updates systematically
adjust cash flows over time for changes in cost of service and true up any prior period over or under
recovery of such costs. In late June, the ICC staff recommended a $54 million base rate increase
compared to our request of a $60 million base rate increase. An ICC decision is expected in December with
new rates expected to be effective in January 2022.

Moving to Page 18. In early June, Ameren published a Sustainability Financing Framework, becoming one
of the first utilities in the nation to do so. Under this framework, Ameren and its issuing subsidiaries may
elect to finance or refinance new and existing projects that have environmental or social benefits through
green bonds, social bonds, sustainability bonds, green loans or other financial instruments.

Given the amount of investment activity at Ameren and its utility subsidiaries are pursuing that have
environmental or social benefits, we expect to be a relatively frequent issuer under our Sustainability
Financing Framework. In June, both Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois issued green bonds
consistent with this new financing framework. More information about this framework is available at
amereninvestors.com.

Turning to Page 19 for a financing and liquidity update. We continue to feel very good about our
liquidity and financial position. As I just mentioned in June, Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois issued

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

green bonds with the net proceeds to be allocated to sustainable projects, meeting certain eligibility
requirements under the Sustainability Financing Framework. Additional debt issuances are outlined on this
page.

Further, earlier this year, we physically settled the remaining shares under our forward equity sale
agreement for proceeds of approximately $115 million. In order for us to maintain our credit ratings
and a strong balance sheet while we fund our robust infrastructure plan, we expected to issue a total
of approximately $150 million of common equity in 2021 under the at-the-market or ATM program
established in May. This is consistent with prior guidance provided in February and May. And to date,
approximately $122 million of equity has been issued through this program. Our $750 million ATM equity
program is expected to support our equity needs through 2023. Finally, Ameren's available liquidity as of
July 30 was approximately $1.8 billion.

Lastly, turning to Page 20. We're well positioned to continue to execute on our plan. We continue to
expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2021 as we successfully execute our strategy. As we look
to the longer term, we expect strong earnings per share growth driven by robust rate base growth and
disciplined cost management. Further, we believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of
our regulated peers. Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have a
strong total shareholder return story that compares very favorably to our peers.
That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just want to see how you think about the Missouri securitization legislation as a tool for transitioning the
fleet. Just wondering if you could -- any thoughts you have there? Are there any particular reasons that
could be more or less attractive for you to use versus kind of other considerations we should be thinking
about?

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Jeremy. Yes, look, as we've said before, we've said securitization is a great regulatory tool
and one that we don't see is necessary to execute our Integrated Resource Plan, but certainly a great
regulatory tool. So in the big picture, as we go down the path, if we see changes in policies, change in
economic conditions or really the overall economics for renewables, perhaps we'll look at securitization as
a tool to use.

But right now, we're very comfortable and like our Integrated Resource Plan, and I'll compliment Marty
Lyons and his team who really did a nice job working with stakeholders to get that across the finish line.
And so Marty, why don't you come on in and see if you have any additional comments on the securitization
tool that we have available to us.

Martin J. Lyons
Chairman & President of Ameren Missouri

Yes, Warner. You described it very well. And Jeremy, thanks for the question. We outlined on Slide 25 our
transition over time. It's the Integrated Resource Plan that we filed last fall. And as Warner mentioned,
that plan and the execution of that plan were not dependent upon utilization of securitization. Really, what
you see there is our plan as it stands today is to use our low-cost, reliable coal fleet as a foundation to
bring in more renewables over time and provide reliable power to our customers.

But as Warner said, to the extent situations change and require adjustments to this plan, it could be
that securitization would be a very good tool to have in our toolbox to perhaps make this transition more
swiftly and do it in a way that provides affordable rates to our customers. So I think a real good tool to
have in the toolbox, but again, not needed today as we look at this Integrated Resource Plan.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. That's really helpful color there. Maybe just kind of shifting gears here. Have you seen any
developments in MISO as work progresses towards year-end project updates there? Just wondering if you
might be able to expand a bit more, I guess, your thoughts there and what that could mean for Ameren.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. Thanks, Jeremy. Look, as we discussed really on our last quarter call and as we talked about in our
prepared remarks, we really see transmission investment as being critical for our country's transition to
a cleaner energy future. And certainly, MISO being right in the middle of the country is going to play an
integral role. And obviously, we have a big footprint in MISO.

And so as we've looked at it, MISO has really done a fine job, from our perspective, of really looking
out to see what some of those long-range transmission projects might be. No, they're not definitive yet,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

but they laid out a real nice plan for us to really think about and work with key stakeholders. And that's
exactly what we have been doing, working with the other key stakeholders and say, "Okay, what are these
projects that we need to move forward with." I would say MISO is still in the middle of that process with
us and so many others.

And as you know, they'll take that long-range plan that we outlined in our slides, and they're going to
put that and include aspects of that, of that thinking, in MISO's transmission expansion plan, which is a
process that we'll, hopefully, see move forward by the end of this year. So beyond that, I would say the
conversations and analysis continues.

The only thing I will say is that we believe we're well positioned to execute many of those projects. And
we believe if you look at that Future 1, that some of those projects are going to likely be in this MTEP that
comes out here at the end of this year or perhaps maybe into early next year because those are some no
regrets projects that are in there that we need to move forward on, not just in the Midwest but for our
country, so we can move forward on this clean energy transition. So nothing specific yet. But needless to
say, there is a lot of work going around with the teams to try and move forward on this important aspect
of the clean energy transition. So stay tuned. More to come.

Operator

Our next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.

Paul Patterson
Glenrock Associates LLC

So just to sort of follow up on Jeremy's question there on the MTEP process and the transmission
opportunities, which sound pretty exciting. One of the questions, I guess, that sort of comes up here is as
you are aware that in Missouri there is this clean energy line. I forgot the exact name, but you're familiar
with it. It's the one that's been held up by challenges to it. It seems like forever. It's not your line. It's
more like a merchant line.

But in general, how should we think about once MISO sort of identifies these, et cetera, the -- bringing
those -- assuming that you guys get a good line of sight on opportunities for yourselves, how should we
think about siting or permitting, et cetera, with respect to some of these projects in the context of that
example that I've mentioned versus some of the add-ons and stuff that don't seem to have as much in the
way of hurdles? Do you follow what I'm saying?

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Paul, a bit complicated. So let me tell you, it's -- Grain Belt is the name of the line that you're referring to.

Paul Patterson
Glenrock Associates LLC

Sorry, must have slipped my mind.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, yes. And so I'll make a couple of comments. And then Marty, you can talk about how the Grain Belt
project has been incorporated, in some respects, or at least comment upon in our Integrated Resource
Plan. But just big picture, whether it's the Grain Belt or any transmission, obviously, permitting and
siting is an important aspect of transmission. I think this is why you're seeing FERC and others, state
commissions and others and legislators, take a very careful look at this because we recognize that that's
an important aspect of getting any of these major transmission projects done. And some significant
transmission projects are going to have to be done to -- for us to affect the clean energy transition.

And so one of the things I will tell you, we work very hard as a company at this, and that is being very
thoughtful and reaching out with stakeholders and the communities early and often to talk about the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

needs for the transmission line, but also how we can work with those stakeholders and those communities
so we can get the permitting and siting done in a timely fashion. Shawn Schukar and his team have done
that for years and years now. And this is why you've seen the success that we had in the last multi-value
projects that MISO did almost a decade ago. Now why those projects were so successful is because a lot
of work was done on the front end, so we could execute on the back end. As we look forward to any future
transmission project, that's exactly what we will continue to do.

Now Grain Belt, obviously, as you rightfully said, that is not our project. But certainly, it's something that
has received a lot of attention in Missouri and otherwise. And so Marty, I want you to comment a little
bit about some of the things that we've been looking at in terms of Grain Belt as part of our integrated
resource planning process.

Martin J. Lyons
Chairman & President of Ameren Missouri

Yes, sure, Warner, happy to comment. So I mentioned our Integrated Resource Plan we filed last fall. And
again, back on that Slide 25 where we depict our plan, that's really our preferred plan from the Integrated
Resource Plan as we move forward.

But as we develop that plan, we looked at a number of scenarios in terms of the path forward to get to
what we believe to be the most reliable and affordable path forward. And in these scenarios, certainly, we
evaluated utilization of Grain Belt as well as many other kinds of scenarios. And where we stand right now
in terms of our Integrated Resource Plan, as you all know, we did put out a request for proposals last year
on various resources that might be available to fulfill our needs.

Obviously, our ambition is to acquire 1,200 megawatts of renewables, wind, solar, through 2025. And we
do still expect to file later this year with the PSC for certificates of convenience and necessity for a portion
of those planned projects. But as we go through broadly, looking at just the next 5 years but even beyond,
certainly, we'll continue to consider all options, including utilization of Grain Belt as we think about fulfilling
those needs.

In terms of your question, Paul, I think you were asking about large-scale transmission, smaller-scale
transmission. As we go about looking at the various resources that might fulfill our needs, certainly, we
work closely with Shawn and his team and think very much about the transmission investments that will
be required to facilitate investment in any of those projects, whether wind or solar. And it's an important
part of our consideration as we think about the resources that will be most affordable for our customers.

Paul Patterson
Glenrock Associates LLC

Okay. Great. And then just finally on Illinois. I mean you mentioned in your remarks, and I'm just sort of
-- do you have any sense as to whether or not something happens in the next, I guess, couple of months
here? Or I mean you guys are obviously a lot closer to it than I am. I'm just sort of wondering if you had
any odds on something in Illinois what those odds might be for something getting done?

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. Thanks, Paul. I learned long ago not to make predictions about legislation. And especially in this
particular case, it's a complex piece of legislation. The only thing I can say is what I've said before and
I'll say again, Richard Mark and his team, they have been working tirelessly for many months now with
key stakeholders to try and forge a path forward that is a constructive solution that's going to enable us
to make the investments we need to make in the energy grid and earn fair returns in the State of Illinois,
and in so doing enhance reliability, create jobs and help really the State of Illinois and our country move
towards a cleaner energy future.

So all those things are all true. They remain true today, and we continue to be at the table with key
stakeholders. But you know I'm not going to make any prediction in terms of time -- weather or any

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

timing, but rest assured, we're working hard at it, and we're at the table with the key stakeholders to try
and get the constructive solution done.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

So perhaps just let's kick it off with our favorite subject here. And I'd love to hear your thoughts and
perspectives around this June task force, right? You mentioned FERC and NARUC joining forces here. That
seems like a fairly potent combination to drive real change, right? So I'd be curious, what do you -- what
is the focus here? And specifically, what key issues are you asking them to address, right? When it comes
to utilities, not HVDC lines with their own challenges and prospects. But from your perspective, tangibly,
how can they step in and help you all?

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

You bet. Thanks, Julien. Look, we're encouraged that the federal regulators and state regulators are not
only talking, but trying to find a path forward. Because as I've said now several times on this call, the
transmission is going to be a critical component of getting these major transmission projects done for our
country. And so as we all know, the federal regulators, FERC, and the state regulators, their jurisdictions
or at least the issues can sometimes overlap.

And so things that are really important all the time is how we can sort through permitting and siting. And
clearly, another issue around transmission projects, especially these regional projects, which we're talking
about in large part with these MISO projects, how you allocate the costs fairly inappropriately.

And so what I think, Julien, what will happen with some of these conversations and what we hope to have
happen is that there's a better understanding of the issues, perhaps a bit of a meeting of the minds, and
so we can start moving forward in a more timely fashion than we might have otherwise had.

And of course, when we're making the types of investments that we are making, then we want to have,
let's say, greater levels of regulatory certainty. And so these things, I think, will be helpful. I'm not
suggesting that this task force will solve it all. But I think what it will do will provide a great forum for
stakeholders, not just regulators, companies like ours and others, to come to the table and say, "Okay,
here are things that really matter, and here's how we can lean further forward in the transmission space,"
which we, needless to say, strongly support -- the need to lean forward further, faster in the transmission
space.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. All right. Fair enough. And then if I can, I mean, let's move it back to your own portfolio there. How
are you thinking about transmission interconnect delays, costs, et cetera, just as you think about your own
efforts? And then what are you observing regionally? Again, clearly, the need for transmission is principally
evidenced by the elevated cost, the interconnection costs and that translating to a relatively stagnant
trajectory of processing this queue. Are you seeing issues with your own projects? And then more broadly,
are you seeing these elevated costs with other developers in and around your service territories? If you
can elaborate a little bit.

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Lots to unpack in there, and so let me make a few comments. So number one, Martin a moment ago
was talking about how we proceed to the integrated resource planning process. And he also said, a key
element of the projects that we look at and select really look very hard at transmission, interconnections,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

where developers may be in the queue, to try and move things forward. And that's frankly how we were
successful in moving in a very thoughtful and timely fashion with our 700 megawatts of wind generation.

So what we're seeing there, this is all part of our due diligence. Are you seeing sort of a backup? Yes. Are
you seeing now that organizations like MISO are looking beyond just today, looking to the future with this
long-term resource planning effort? The answer to that is yes, and that's why we support it. It will, we
believe, help alleviate, in the future, if you look sort of a decade out, which is really when you think about
transmission projects, look just for tomorrow, you look, say, a decade out, what are the things that we
need to be doing today to position ourselves for success in the future? So we're encouraged by that.

Are we seeing increases in prices or challenges? Well, it's premature to say that. We're still going through
the process, still talking to developers, working with MISO and others. But the only thing I do know is that
we have, I would say, unique expertise to provide the analysis, but also unique expertise to execute these
important transmission projects, not just for our projects, but frankly, the projects that will have regional
and, frankly, countrywide positive implications to move forward to clean energy transition.

So I don't know if, Julien, that answered your specific question. This is certainly an important aspect
of what we're seeing, but this is not new to us. And I'll finish with this, too. The other encouraging
thing that we are seeing is that, in particular, in this instance, MISO is working with the other regional
transmission organizations, in this particular instance, SPP, to try and coordinate even better some of
these transmission projects and needs. So you don't have surprises when it comes time to try and move
forward with a particular renewal energy project. That, too, is encouraging. And we look forward to the
results of that collaborative effort from those 2 organizations. And I'm sure PJM and MISO will be having
similar conversations sometime on those.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

All right. Excellent. Sorry to squeeze in one more. But just obviously, you've identified there are certain
renewable opportunities that are excluded from your 5-year outlook. And I know -- so I certainly think
that 5-year outlook is also going to be rolled forward here in the next few -- in 6 months. Can you talk
about the next data points that we should be watching in terms of more formally including some of those
projects into your plan, just time line on that?

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

You bet. You stated it correctly, Julien, that none of these large regional projects that we outlined in our
slides are reflected not only in our 5-year plan, but as you know, we look out 10 years, that $40 billion
-- we stated $40 billion plus, well, that big plus to that item is the potential for these large regional
transmission projects. So we're excited about that opportunity to be able to execute some of those.

So what's the next thing to look at? Look, I think that the MTEP, the MISO Transmission Expansion
Planning process, that will be really sort of your next visible sign. You'll probably see -- there may be some
information out there towards the end of the third quarter into the fourth. But the process itself, which
ultimately goes before the Board of Directors of MISO, will be really in the fourth quarter at the earliest,
as I said in my prepared remarks. That could go into the first quarter of next year. But that would be
probably, I would say, part of the next data point, if you will. But not -- but to be clear, as I said before,
a lot of work is going on today to try and make sure that that is going as smoothly as possible. But that's
what I would be looking for a little bit later. Michael, do you have a point there?

Michael L. Moehn
Executive VP, CFO, Chairman of Ameren Missouri & President of Ameren Services

Yes, Julien, I think the only other thing, with respect to the renewable projects, the data point there, I
think Warner maybe even said this in his opening remarks, is it really that regulatory process. So look for
those CCN filings in the back half of this year, that's really going to get those kickstart from the approval
standpoint. That's -- again, those are really speaking to the IRP process itself. Warner was really talking
about the transmission piece.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Warner L. Baxter
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Well said. Thank you, Michael. That's exactly right. We said we expect to be filing for some CCNs still
here by the end of this year. So that would be another important data point to be looking for, incremental
capital expenditure opportunities.

Operator

And we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I'll now turn the call over to
Andrew Kirk for closing remarks.

Andrew Kirk
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you for participating in this call. A replay of this call will be available for 1 year on our website. If
you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial analyst inquiries
should be directed to me, Andrew Kirk. Media should call Tony Paraino. Again, thank you for your interest
in Ameren, and have a great day.

Operator
This concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMEREN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

