American Express Company NYSE:AXP
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, January 26, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.30

-

-

1.11

3.36

-

-

5.76

9322.10

9351.00

0.31

9450.07

36054.01

36087.00

0.09

39851.17

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-26-2021 12:35 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.67

0.02

1.35

1.30

0.41

0.29

1.30

-

SURPRISE

(75.45 %)

1350.00 %

(3.70 %)

-

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Vivian Y. Zhou
Senior VP & Head of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Christopher Roy Donat
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Craig Jared Maurer
Autonomous Research LLP

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Mark C. DeVries
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Mihir Bhatia
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robert Paul Napoli
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the American Express Q4 2020 Earnings
Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Head of Investor Relations, Ms. Vivian Zhou.
Please go ahead.

Vivian Y. Zhou
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, Alan, and thank you all for joining today's call. As a reminder, before we begin, today's
discussion contains forward-looking statements about the company's future business and financial
performance. These are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and
uncertainties.

Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements are included in today's
presentation slides in our reports on file with the SEC. The discussion today also contains non-GAAP
financial measures. The comparable GAAP financial measures are included in this quarter's earnings
materials as well as the earnings materials for the prior periods we discussed. All of these are posted on
our website at ir.americanexpress.com.

We will begin today with Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, who will start with some remarks about the
company's progress and results. And then Jeff Campbell, Chief Financial Officer, will provide a more
detailed review of our financial performance. After that, we will move to a Q&A session on the results with
both Steve and Jeff.

With that, let me turn it over to Steve.

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Vivian. Good morning, and belated Happy New Year to everyone, and hope you and your families
are healthy and safe.

As you saw, we earned $1.76 per share or $9.35 billion in revenues in the fourth quarter. And while we're
still seeing the impacts of the COVID pandemic on our business, the trends have steadily improved as the
year went on. At the beginning of the pandemic, we had little visibility into the future. But we did have a
plan for managing the company through this period of uncertainty, focusing on 4 priorities: supporting our
colleagues, protecting our customers and our brand, remaining financially strong, and at the same time
taking steps to structure our company for longer-term growth.

We've made substantial progress against each of these priorities. As I talked about last quarter, we see
this cycle playing out in 3 phases. Phase 1 has been about managing through the peak of the uncertainty,
which is what we focused on for most of 2020. We are now solidly in Phase 2, which is about investing to
rebuild our growth momentum. Our goal in Phase 2 is to prepare us for Phase 3, a return to pre-COVID
levels of earnings and our financial growth algorithm.

Our progress in managing through Phase 1 confirms the strength and resilience of our differentiated
business model. Key elements of this model, such as the diversity and scale of our customer base,
our brand, our global merchant network and our integrated payments platform have given us a solid
foundation to build on as we move into the next phase. As we've seen throughout this period, our
customers have been resilient and adaptive. Since the lows in mid-April, overall Card Member spending
has steadily improved. Our card members quickly adapted to the current environment with an acceleration
in their shift to online and card-not-present spending.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Non-T&E spending recovered to pre-COVID levels in Q3 and continued to grow throughout the holiday
season in Q4. Consumer holiday spending was up 11% globally year-over-year, exhibiting particularly
strong online growth of 40%. In addition, our value propositions and brand continue to resonate with
our customers. Attrition rates in our proprietary products remain lower than last year, and our customer
satisfaction levels remain above pre-COVID levels. We again ranked #1 in J.D. Power's Annual Credit Card
Satisfaction Study of U.S. consumers for the 10th time in the 14 years the study has been conducted.

Throughout the year, our merchant network continue to grow globally. We sustained virtual parity
coverage in the United States and we added more than 3.7 million merchant locations internationally
in 2020. Credit performance continued to be outstanding, thanks to our robust underwriting and risk
management capabilities and the quick adjustments we've made as the pandemic hit.

Our Q4 delinquencies and write-offs are at some of the lowest levels we've seen in a few years and are
best-in-class. Our business model has also helped to further strengthen our already strong capital and
liquidity position over this period. And our colleagues have proven to be even more agile and highly
engaged in moving the company forward despite dealing with disruptions of the pandemic that -- which
was brought to their -- which has been brought to their lives at work and at home.

All in all, I feel good about all that we accomplished in 2020 and some of the highlights of which you
can see on Slide 2. I am even more confident that our strategy is the right one to position us for growth
going forward. That being said, the effects of the pandemic will continue to linger in the short term. The
pace of economic recovery is dependent on the course of the virus and the speed with which vaccines
can be distributed. For us, the timing of how quickly we can get to Phase 3 and return to pre-pandemic
levels of earnings is also tied to a recovery in consumer travel and entertainment spending, and therefore,
dependent on how soon lockdowns ease, travel restrictions lift and the general public begins to feel
comfortable traveling again.

We continue to be confident that consumer spending on travel and entertainment will come back to pre-
COVID levels. We just can't predict right now how quickly. Given this environment, we are looking at
2021 as a transition year during which our focus will be on building -- rebuilding growth momentum. By
rebuilding growth momentum, we mean firing up our core acquisition and retention engines, scaling key
next horizon opportunities and retaining the flexibility in our financial model.

To accomplish this, we plan to aggressively increase investments in our core strategic business areas with
a specific focus on the following. In our consumer and commercial businesses, we plan to continue to
ramp up our Card Member acquisition activities, inject additional value into targeted products and continue
our strategy of periodic refreshes of our premium products. Additionally, in our commercial business, we
plan to continue to invest in scaling our cash flow and supplier payment solutions beyond the card. A few
examples of how we're doing this include the work already underway to integrate and relaunch Kabbage's
suite of products, including a digital business checking account for small businesses as well as continuing
our efforts to expand the penetration of our AP automation solutions, where we have seen volumes double
in the last year alone.

On the network side, we plan to continue our focus on increasing coverage as well as improving
perceptions of coverage and welcome acceptance globally. We're also investing in enhancements to our
network to deliver value to our various partners and to support the growth of debit capabilities in China.

Finally, we plan to continue investing heavily in new and expanded digital capabilities across our
businesses. The nature of the pandemic has accelerated customer engagement with many of our digital
features, services and experiences we rolled out in 2020 and over the past several years, and we think
these trends are here to stay.

At a high level, those are the key areas where we plan to increase investments this year to generate the
momentum that will help carry us through the recovery and into the future.

Before I hand the call over to Jeff, let me end with a few words about how we're thinking about our
financial performance in 2021 and beyond. On last quarter's earnings call, I talked about how my
confidence in the long term was growing, though the near term remains harder to predict. Today, I'm

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

even more confident about our growth potential in the medium and long term, but I'm still cautious about
predicting the precise pace of the recovery in 2021.

As I discussed, our plan for this year calls for maximizing investments in those areas that enable us to
rebuild growth momentum. With this in mind, we will not be focused on a particular EPS target in 2021,
though Jeff will provide you with some scenarios of potential outcomes in a few minutes. In reflecting on
COVID's impact on the economy and our business in 2020 and where we are as we begin 2021, we look
at this 2-year period as a pause in the growth momentum we had been generating for the previous 10
consecutive quarters before the pandemic began.

As a result, we will be focused on achieving our aspiration of being back to the original EPS expectations
we had for 2020 in 2022 and for the company to be positioned to execute on its financial growth algorithm
going forward. I believe we have the right plan for achieving this aspiration. The foundation of our
business is solid, our brand, customer relationships and partnerships are strong. Our colleagues are
focused and committed, and we have shown that we can adapt to rapidly changing conditions.

I'll now hand the call over to Jeff to review our financial results, and then we'll take your questions after
that. Thank you for your time.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Well, thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our fourth quarter results in the
context of what was clearly an unprecedented full year 2020. I'll also provide you a sense of how you're
thinking about the future with some scenarios, potential outcomes for 2021.

Let's get right into our summary financials on Slide 3. Our results in the fourth quarter continue to
improve sequentially, but we're still significantly impacted by the global pandemic and the resulting
containment measures that governments are taking around the world. Fourth quarter revenues of $9.4
billion were down 18% year-over-year, driven by declines in spend-lend and other travel-related revenues,
while card fee revenues continued to grow.

Net income was $1.4 billion, and earnings per share was $1.76 in the fourth quarter, down 13% from a
year ago. Now as I've said over the past 3 quarters, the key drivers of our financial performance in this
environment remain volume and credit trends. So I'll again spend the most time on these 2 topics.

Turning to the details of our volumes. First, let's start with billed business, which you will see several views
of on Slides 4 through 10. The rapid pace of change in billings has slowed since September. And so we
have returned to showing quarterly trends in our billed business slides since we think looking at trends on
a quarterly basis is more meaningful due to the noise you see in monthly trends from days mix and the
timing of holidays.

Starting with Slide 4. Overall billed business declined 16% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Our
proprietary billed business, which makes up 86% of our total billings and drives most of our financial
results, was down that same 16%, and the remaining 14% of our overall billings which comes from our
network business, GNS, was down 15% in the fourth quarter, all on an FX-adjusted basis.

When you look at our billed business performance in 2020 and think about what this might mean for 2021,
it's important to think about T&E spending and non-T&E spending separately given the very different
impacts the pandemic has had on these volume trends, as you can see on Slide 5.

Non-T&E spending, which has long been the majority of our volumes, hit a trough in the second quarter
but was back above pre-pandemic levels by the third quarter and grew 4% year-over-year in the fourth
quarter as our card members, particularly consumers and SMEs, have adapted their spending behaviors to
the current environment.

T&E spending, on the other hand, has remained down much more significantly, declining 65% year-over-
year in the fourth quarter, though it did show some continued modest sequential improvement driven

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

primarily by consumers. As a reminder, prior to the pandemic, non-T&E spending was around 70% of our
proprietary billed business. And today, it represents almost 90%, as you can see on Slide 6.

Looking at the billings mix by customer type at the bottom of the slide, you see that the majority of our
T&E spending has historically come from our consumer business, and that is even more true today.

Taking a closer look at T&E on Slide 7, you see that consumer T&E continue to recover faster than that of
SMEs and large corporations. We expect this trend to continue, given the pent-up demand for travel that
we see in our consumer base and our expectations that corporations, particularly large ones, will continue
to limit their T&E spending for some time.

We also continue to see different paces of recovery within the categories of T&E. Cruises, which are a
very small part of our business, have been slower to recover, followed by the airlines, but both showed
modest improvement sequentially in Q4. Restaurant spending, on the other hand, has been the most
resilient throughout, decelerated slightly during Q4 due to colder weather in the U.S. and renewed dining
restrictions in certain geographies.

Moving on to Global Consumer on Slide 8. We continue to see an acceleration in online and card-not-
present spend growth throughout 2020, especially during the holiday season, which drove 5% growth in
non-T&E spending in the fourth quarter.

Turning next to our global commercial billed business on Slide 9, non-T&E spending has returned to
pre-COVID levels and grew 2% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Within our commercial segment,
you continue to see a tale of 2 very different customer types. Spending from small and medium-sized
enterprise customers who historically have the highest mix of non-T&E spending has been the most
resilient throughout 2020. Whereas large and global corporate card spending, which historically has been
primarily T&E, has been down the most during the pandemic. I will remind you here that spending from
our SME customers now represents 86% of our commercial billed business.

You also see the impact of different mixes of T&E spend when you look at our international regions on
Slide 10, which have more travel-related spending historically, and thus are showing larger overall declines
in volume. More generally, it remains remarkable how much of the world is moving in a fairly similar
pattern, which speaks to the global impact of this pandemic.

To sum up on volumes, we feel good about the pace of recovery in non-T&E spending throughout 2020
and expect it will continue to grow steadily in 2021. But more broadly in 2021, our overall volume
recovery to pre-pandemic levels will be primarily driven by what happens with T&E since non-T&E has
already substantially recovered. While we currently expect spending in Q1 '21 to remain relatively in line
with Q4 of 2020, upside of some impact from normal seasonality, our current assumption is that by Q4 of
2021, T&E spending will have recovered to around 70% of Q4 2019 levels.

Moving next to loans and receivables on Slide 11. Loan and receivable balances were up 4% and 7%
sequentially in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter, driven by higher spending volumes
during the holidays. However, loan and receivable volumes were down 17% and 24% year-over-year,
respectively, in the fourth quarter driven by the continued declines in spending volumes that I just spoke.
We also continue to see higher pay-down rates from revolving card members on our credit cards.

Looking forward into 2021, I would expect the recovery in loan balances to lag the recovery in spending
volumes if the higher pay-down rate trends we saw in 2020 continue. In addition, I'd remind you that we
typically see a modest sequential decline in balances in the first quarter of every year due to seasonal
spending patterns.

Turning next to our traditional credit metrics on Slide 12, you will see that the credit trends in the fourth
quarter remained remarkably strong with Card Member loans and receivable write-off dollars, excluding
GCP, down 30% and 59% year-over-year, respectively. In addition, our write-off and delinquency rates
continued to be down year-over-year and down sequentially in the fourth quarter, reaching the lowest
quarterly loss rates we've seen in several years for both Card Member loans and receivables.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Looking at the total balance of loans and receivables that are in delinquent status or in one of our financial
relief programs on Slide 13, those balances continue to decline sequentially to $4 billion at the end of Q4
and now stand $1.2 billion higher than they were pre-pandemic. Historically, the credit outcomes of card
members that are enrolled in these programs are better than delinquent card members that do not with
around 80% of enrolled balances successfully completing these programs and the repayment trends of the
card members currently enrolled in FRP have been in line with our historical experience.

It is unusual to see credit performance this strong in an environment like this. It all starts with the
changes we've made over the last few years in our risk management practices, which give us a solid
or gave us a solid starting position as well as the way we mobilize our organization to ensure that we
have the appropriate programs and people in place to support our card members who needed financial
assistance. Of course, like others, our customers are also helped by external factors such as record levels
of government stimulus and the broad availability of forbearance programs. As a result, we do remain
cautious about the potential for a significant downturn in the pace of economic recovery. And that caution
is reflected in the macroeconomic outlook that informs our credit reserves.

Moving on to Slide 14, you will see that the macroeconomic assumptions that were used in the modeling
of CECL reserves for the expected lifetime losses of the loans and receivables have modestly improved in
both the baseline and downside scenarios since Q3. But the 2 scenarios do remain sharply [ to aversion ].

In our reserve calculations for the fourth quarter, we continue to weight heavily towards the more
pessimistic downside scenario due to the continued caution that I just spoke about. Despite this caution,
the impact of this modest improvement in the set of macroeconomic assumptions on our reserve models
and our strong credit performance led us to release $674 million of reserves in the fourth quarter, as you
can see on Slide 15.

This reserve release, coupled with our low write-offs, drove a provision expense benefit of $111 million
in the fourth quarter. We ended the year with $5.8 billion of reserves, representing 7.3% of our loan
balances, 0.6% of our Card Member receivables balances, respectively. We believe that the reserves on
our balance sheet, which are up $1.5 billion from the pre-pandemic levels, are appropriate, giving the
broad range of economic outcomes envisioned in our baseline and downside scenarios and our caution
about the potential for a significant downturn in the pace of economic recovery.

Turning now to the details of our revenue performance on Slide 16. Fourth quarter revenues were down
18% year-over-year, driven by declines in spend-lend and other travel-related revenues, member card
fees continued to grow, as you can see on Slide 17.

Net card fee growth remains strong throughout 2020 and grew 12% in the fourth quarter, demonstrating
the impact of the continued Card Member engagement that Steve discussed. But growth has been
decelerating steadily because of our decision to pull back on new card acquisitions as we were managing
through the peak of uncertainty during this crisis in the second quarter.

Although we started to ramp up new card acquisition in the third and fourth quarter, and we'll continue
to increase investments in this area this year, it will take time for card fee growth to reaccelerate. As a
result, I do expect card fee growth to dip into the single digits midway through this year before it starts to
eventually reaccelerate.

Moving on to the details of net interest income and yield on Slide 18. Net interest income declined 17% on
an FX-adjusted basis, roughly in line with the loan declines we saw in the fourth quarter. Net interest yield
on our Card Member loans increased 10 basis points year-over-year in the third quarter, driven by modest
tailwinds from funding costs and pricing for risk, mostly offset by declines in revolving loan balances.

Looking forward, I'd expect net interest income to be relatively flat to Q4 in the first quarter and then
increase modestly as loan volumes recover.

Turning next to our largest component of revenue, discount revenue, on Slide 19. As expected, the
contraction in discount revenue continued to be a bit larger than the decline in billed business due to
the difference in T&E and non-T&E billings trends. This difference drove an 11 basis point decline in the
average discount rate in the fourth quarter relative to the prior year since, as a reminder, we, on average,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

earn higher discount rates with T&E merchants versus non-T&E merchants. The discount rate was also
down modestly sequentially due to the seasonal trend we typically see in the fourth quarter. Looking
forward into 2021, I'd expect discount revenue to recover generally in line with billed business with the
discount rate trends impacted by the pace of T&E recovery.

Coming back to total revenues on Slide 20, you see that the overall revenue trends in 2020 have broadly
moved in line with billed business trends given the spend-centric nature of our business model. While
I would expect first quarter 2021 revenues to be broadly in line with Q4 outside of some impact from
seasonality, if T&E spending recovers to around 70% of 2019 levels by Q4, as I mentioned earlier, you'll
probably see overall revenue growth of around 9% to 10% for full year 2021. And if T&E recovers more
slowly or quickly, you would see full year revenue growth that's somewhat lower or higher than that 9% to
10%.

Moving on to Slide 21. We're continuing to break out our expenses between variable customer
engagement expenses, which moved naturally in line with spend volumes and benefits usage and
marketing and OpEx, which are driven by management decisions. Variable customer engagement
expenses in total were down 24% for the full year, driven by lower spending and lower usage of travel-
related benefits. The year-over-year declines in variable customer engagement expenses provided around
a 50% offset to the full year revenue declines we saw in 2020.

In the fourth quarter, that offset was closer to 40% as we began to see some higher spending and usage
of travel-related benefits. And I would expect that relationship to continue into the first quarter of 2021.

Moving on to the marketing expense line. We invested $1 billion in the fourth quarter as we ramped up
our investments in new card acquisition and continued to invest in value injection. As Steve mentioned, in
2021, our focus is on rebuilding growth momentum and maximizing our investments to do so. As a result,
we could spend as much as a little over $4.5 billion in marketing this year.

Our ultimate marketing investment levels will be governed by the universe of attractive investment
opportunities that we see as we move throughout the year and the pace at which we wind down our value
injection efforts as customers begin to experience again the full benefits of our existing value propositions.

Turning to operating expenses. You can see that they were down 6% year-over-year in 2020 as we kept
tight control over our expense base while selectively investing in areas critical for our long-term strategies.
In 2021, we expect our operating expenses to be around $11.5 billion, below 2019 levels, as we continue
to keep tight control over our operating expenses while also investing to rebuild growth momentum.

Last, while you saw some quarterly volatility this year in our effective tax rate, the final fourth quarter tax
rate was a bit below 23% and I'd expect around a 23% effective tax rate in 2021, absent any legislative
changes.

Turning next to capital and liquidity on Slide 22. Our capital and liquidity positions remain tremendously
strong as they have been all year. Our CET1 ratio ended the year at 13.5% after hitting in the third
quarter our highest level since we began reporting this ratio. And our cash and investment balance ended
the year at $54.6 billion and has been at record high since the start of the pandemic due to our distinctly
countercyclical balance sheet.

We remain confident in the significant flexibility we have to maintain a strong balance sheet and liquidity
in periods of heightened stress and uncertainty. Looking forward, we are committed to our dividend
distribution and to our long-term CET1 target ratio of 10% to 11%. We plan to resume share repurchases
starting this quarter up to our maximum Fed authorized capacity of around $440 million in Q1.

Beyond Q1, our capital distributions will be a function of the Fed's guidelines, our capital generation
and the growth in our balance sheet. To sum up, we feel good about how we've navigated through the
unprecedented challenges of 2020, and we feel well positioned to rebuild our growth momentum in 2021.
We now know a lot about how our customers and our business are performing in this environment. The
2 areas that do remain harder to predict for 2021, though, are the same 2 we have talked about since
the pandemic began: the ultimate credit outcomes and the pace of the recovery in T&E spending, as I
mentioned earlier.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

That said, the range of potential outcomes on credit and reserves is the most impactful to our
performance in 2021. And so on Slide 23, we have outlined 2 scenarios. Most importantly, scenario 1
assumes that the caution we have shown in our Q4 credit reserves about the potential for a significant
downturn to the pace of economic recovery turns out to be warranted. Such an economic outlook would
likely put some pressure on our current assumption of a 70% T&E recovery by Q4, and this would likely
drive a somewhat weaker revenue recovery. The combination of these things could lead to an EPS
outcome as low as around $5.

Scenario 2, most importantly, assumes that we do not see a significant downturn in the pace of economic
recovery, leading us to continued strong credit performance and having no need to maintain our current
level of credit reserves. This sort of economic outcome would also likely drive a somewhat stronger
revenue recovery. The combination of these factors could lead us to a much stronger EPS outcome in the
area of $7.

In either scenario, our investment levels will be governed by the universe of attractive investment
opportunities that help us to rebuild growth momentum, along with the trajectory of our value injection
efforts, not by focusing on a specific EPS outcome. We run the company to maximize value for our
shareholders in the long term. Although we can't predict precisely where 2021 EPS will land or provide
an EPS guidance range at this time, we believe that our focus on managing the company to rebuild
growth momentum is the right one to help us achieve our aspiration of being back to the original EPS
expectations we had for 2020 and 2022 and for the company to be positioned to execute on its financial
growth algorithm.

And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Vivian.

Vivian Y. Zhou
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations
Thank you, Jeff. [Operator Instructions] Thank you for your cooperation. And with that, the operator will
now open up the line for questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I appreciate all the context for 2021 and 2022 because I know it's pretty fluid. But I guess, as we
think about the assumptions you've outlined, how confident are you on the 70% T&E rebound in the
fourth quarter 2021? I mean, do you need a broad-scale reopening? Or do you think, just naturally, the
behaviors will be better this year versus last year when we were in shock kind of post COVID?

And then I'm just wondering how much of an uptake are you assuming from the new customer
acquisitions that started last quarter. Could that be additive to your guidance? And then last one on the
assumptions. Just the reserve releases, like how much of that are you assuming in your $7 number in this
year versus 2022?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

We'll try those 3 questions.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

It's all around one theme.

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Well, the first thing I will say is there was no real guidance. I mean, we gave sort of some scenarios.
But let's talk about the first part of the string here. And then I think Jeff can jump in at the end with the
releases. But we're in a completely different spot than we were sort of last year. I mean, when we were
talking last year at any given point in time, we didn't have a vaccine.

And so while the vaccine right now is, what I would call it, fits and starts, I mean, is there enough -- at
the beginning, there wasn't enough places to sort of -- to do vaccine distribution. Now they have vaccine
distribution points, but you don't have enough vaccine to distribute, hard to get appointments. There's --
so there's a lot of disconnect. That will sort itself out. And it will sort itself out over a period of a couple
of months, not over a couple of years. And so we believe that by June or so, you will either have sort of a
herd immunity or a perceived herd immunity.

The other thing that we believe is that there is a huge pent-up demand for travel. It's probably -- and
nobody on this call that doesn't want to travel or go someplace or don't know their friends or family don't
want to do the same thing. And so when we look at it, I don't think you'll see a widespread international
travel, but you will see domestic travel and domestic travel being domestic travel here in the United
States, domestic travel sort of within the European Union, things like that. You're probably not going to
see a lot of long-haul this year.

And so look, I'm fairly confident that we will see the predictions that we have come through as it relates to
travel. I mean, we're talking about consumer travel potentially being back about 80% with overall travel
being back about 70%. Business travel will come back a little bit slower. But I'd be shocked if we're sitting
here at this time next year and we say, geez, well, we really missed it on travel. I just don't see that
happening. I have a lot of confidence in the vaccines. But again, these vaccines are going to take some
time to get into the marketplace.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

I mean, what do you have? Like 20 million people in the United States at this point sort of vaccinated or
something like that, and it's only January. And so I believe that as we get into this summer season, this
June, July, August and September, you will see a rush for people to travel, especially air travel. I think
cruise lines, that's more of a 2022 phenomenon. So we feel really good about consumer travel coming
back. I think our airline partner with Delta, Ed said the same thing on his earnings call. So we feel real
confident about that.

And as far as new cards, I mean, look, new cards take a while to get back to get into the mix. But what
we have booked in our sort of our own internal forecast, not the scenarios, is that the cards that we
booked last year will behave probably slightly slower than normal cards would behave just because you're
not going to have those card members traveling right out of the gate, they'll probably be more of a second
half phenomenon. And so their spending may ramp a little bit slower than normal.

Having said that, we are really focused on getting -- we don't talk a lot about cards, but cards lead to
billed business acquired, which we do talk a lot about. We are really focused on ramping up our acquisition
engine, and we believe there are a lot of good opportunities out there for us to acquire cards.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Sanjay, I'll add 2 things on cards and then talk about reserves. I would point out on cards. We were
really pleased in the fourth quarter to see in the U.S. consumer business our Platinum and Gold new Card
Member acquisition numbers were essentially at 2019 levels. That's a really good sign to us.

The other point I'd make is just to reiterate what Steve said is that it's really a 2022 impact to a great
extent. 2021 is about rebuilding new card acquisition numbers. It won't affect the 2021 results that much
because the 2021 results, then to go to your last question, are all about what happens. It's credit.

And I guess I'd encourage everyone to think about 2 numbers. So I cited in my script that relative to the
beginning of the year, we now end the year with $1.5 billion more in credit reserves. We also, relative to
the beginning of the year, ended the year with $1.2 billion more in delinquent accounts and accounts in
our financial relief programs. And yet I also pointed out that historically, 80% of the dollars that go into
our financial relief programs, we end up collecting and doing fine with.

So what that should tell you is that our credit reserves assume a very conservative economic outlook.
And so you have to see more bad stuff happen in the economy. Small businesses going bankrupt, lots of
consumers being laid off, you have to expect more bad things like that to happen for all of those reserves
to be needed. So we're not making an economic call, Sanjay. We're saying, well, if all that bad stuff
happens, like in the real downside scenario of our economic forecast, then we're going to need all those
reserves we have on the books, and you're probably that's sort of where the low scenario comes from.

Conversely, if, while rocky, there's a fairly steady recovery, we have a lot of excess reserves that you
probably are going to release and that sort of leads you towards the high scenario. So we'll have to see.
But either way, our focus remains rebuilding growth momentum this year because it's all about 2022.

Operator

Our next question will go to the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. So the question I had was around your proprietary card acquisition trends, which you put in the
deck, and I just wanted to get an understanding as to which programs are you seeing drive this kind of...

Operator

Ms. Graseck, your line is still open.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Well, should we just go ahead and answer what we think Betsy was in the middle of asking, Steve, around
new card acquisition?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes, yes. And I think Jeff just really answered it. I mean, when we look at new card acquisition, our
Platinum and our Gold levels were at levels of 2019, and so we feel really good about that. I think our
Cashback cards were actually doing quite well as well. What we have not seen, and this makes all the
sense in the world, is our co-brand acquisition. And our co-brand acquisition, I mean, look, the reason you
do co-brand cards, you do that to combine value propositions between us and our partners, but you also
get tremendous distribution. And right now, not a lot of people stay in hotels, not a lot of people taking
flights. So you lose the distribution opportunities.

Having said that, what our co-brand cards, though, are performing either in the United States or in other
markets at or better than our proprietary cards from a spending perspective because, as I've said all
along, people spend to gather those points to take those trips because they have such a pent-up demand
for travel. And our retention numbers on our co-brand cards are at the same levels they were in 2019.
So we feel good about proprietary acquisition, which again, is being driven by Platinum and Gold and
some Cashback. Our co-brand acquisition is not as ramped up because we depend on our -- the co-brand
channels.

But having said that, our co-brand performance is really, really good. And Ed made that comment, Ed
Bastian made that comment in his earnings remarks as well. So hopefully, Betsy, we provided a little bit
of -- somewhere around the answer you -- I answered the question you were trying to ask before you got
cut off.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Mark DeVries with -- of Barclays.

Mark C. DeVries
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I had some questions about the scenarios. Just clarifying the 2021 scenario. Is the scenario 2, essentially,
Jeff, all the things you kind of outlined for your expectations such as the 70% rebound in T&E spend and
the 8% -- or the 9% to 10% revenue growth and everything from marketing and OpEx as well as benign
credit?

And then second part of that is just 2022 aspiration. Kind of what do you guys need to see to get there?

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Well, maybe I'll take the first part, Steve, and you should take the second. So on 2021, Mark, I guess the
point is the overwhelming driver of a low scenario or a high scenario are what happens or is going to be
what happens with credit, as I said a few minutes ago. Now sure, if credit turns out to be really strong,
your revenue is going to be a little on the strong side and vice versa. But what we're trying to do, if you
go throughout my remarks, is give you a very clear sense of how we're going to manage the company
this year. And that's why I told you what we're going to manage OpEx to and what we might spend on
marketing. And we're going to do those things because we're all about rebuilding growth momentum this
year.

The ultimate credit outcome and just how quickly discount revenues come back is going to be driven by
the external environment. And that's why you have a low and a high scenario, but it really is not going
to impact how we run the company this year, which of those 2 scenarios comes out. So that's what we're
trying to communicate by calling these scenarios as opposed to a guidance range. And then, Steve, maybe
you want to talk about...

Stephen Joseph Squeri

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Chairman & CEO

Yes. Look, I think 2022, 2 top line assumptions: you have consumer T&E fully recovered and you have
a reasonably healthy economy in 2022. So we're not expecting corporate travel to come back. I don't
think that's going to be a driver of it. And so if you have that as your baseline, then I think we're right
within where we want to be. And the key thing that we need to do is -- and we've said this as we went
through both of our remarks, our investment levels will be higher than they've ever been. That's our
plan. We are planning, provided we have and we have light to -- we see light at the end of the tunnel in
terms of investment opportunities, we will continue to invest and take advantage of all those investment
opportunities that are available to us. If they're not there, we'll pull back. But we believe they will be
there. We will look to ramp up our card acquisition. We will look at value injection early on in the year.
We'll look at value proposition refreshes throughout the year. We're going to focus on welcome acceptance
and keeping parity coverage in the United States. We're going to drive really hard at international
acceptance.

I mean, look, we signed 3.7 million merchants internationally last year, not including China. Take China
off the table for a second, but we're going to drive international acceptance, as we've said. We're going to
continue to work and invest in our network. We're going to launch Kabbage in our small business checking
account and get more primacy with our small business customers. And we're going to get some traction
in China as well. So we are really focused in 2021 in investing across all dimensions of our -- each one of
our business lines and preparing ourselves for 2022 by building that strong foundation of retaining card
members, acquiring new ones and building that merchant network and continuing to build up network
capabilities and digital capabilities. We believe with the healthy economy and T&E consumer spending just
about fully recovered, we'll be within our range.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Rick Shane with JPMorgan.

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'd like to start with a question about non-marketing, non-rewards expense. In Q4, that was literally the
only line item that was comparable to 2019 levels. I'm curious if you think that there's going to be better
opportunity for operating leverage on that metric and what sort of drove the normal rate there versus
everything else we saw in the business.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Well, let me, Rick, take it up one level and then come back if you don't think this is responsive. I mean
what we are focused on overall is managing the operating expenses of the company, which is everything
other than the variable customer engagement costs and marketing. And we have a very clear plan in 2021
to manage those to about $11.5 billion. That is below 2019 levels. If you were to look at some businesses
we've sold over the years, it's frankly about where the number was a decade ago, in 2012 and 2013.

So I think -- we think we have a very long track record of being very disciplined about managing what
I think of as the infrastructure cost of the company, which means that as revenues and billings recover
and grow, there's tremendous leverage from holding that a little below 2019 level. There's always a little
bit of quarterly noise, particularly the Q4, some of the lines in OpEx you'll see every year, if you go back
and look at history, go up a little bit. But that's the disciplined approach that we're taking here. So I don't
know if I got to the number of your question, Rick, but that's probably how we think about it.

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. The other thing I would add is that if you look at this number on the face of it, it's pretty much the
same number we've had in 2012 from an operating expense perspective. But yet, the business is very
different than it was in 2012. We're focused on different things. We've acquired a bunch of companies,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

which are in here. And our focus has been completely different. So I think the team has done a really good
job of, on an ongoing basis, taking expense out and then putting in investment back in. And so as you
think about this, what you need to do is constantly look at this operating base. And the way we look at
it, that's providing us leverage. So if we think about the core business that we had, we're getting enough
leverage out that to fund other opportunities within the business, whether that be Kabbage, whether that
be the acquisition of a Mezi or a Resy or a lounge buddy, so forth and so on. And yet, you go back 10
years, we're at the same place. And so we believe, when we look at it as managers of the business, we're
getting tremendous operating leverage because we're able to add these things on without layering on a lot
of operating cost and that's how we look at it.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So maybe a 2-part question. So Steve, you noted in your color that for 2022, you expect T&E to be, on
the consumer side, to be fully recovered and a healthy economy. So maybe first, can you maybe just talk
about what some of the drivers would be in terms of the shortfall from lower corporate travel and then
potentially higher spending? You outlined OpEx and marketing this year could be $4.5 billion. Will there be
a pullback in spending? Or could we see revenues accelerating as card member growth picks up?

And then secondly, you talked earlier in your remarks about attrition being below pre-COVID levels. We're
in this kind of weird transition period right here where consumers have pent-up demand, like myself, but
can't leverage anything in the near term. So can you maybe just expand on the comments about injecting
greater value in and how you're thinking about product refreshes? And does the pandemic at all change
the way you approach refreshes in terms of what's included in the value proposition?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So I think let's talk about the second one first. And if I remember the first question, I'll come back to
it. It seemed like a couple of minutes ago. So I'm just teasing you, Ryan. But when I -- when we look at
sort of value injection, I think because people couldn't travel, what we tried to do was to do 2 things: to
not only provide them value in the short term, but to sort of shift their mindset on how they use the card.
And so when you look at what we did with Platinum and with OPEN Platinum and Centurion, by putting
in things like streaming credits and wireless credits and some shipping credits, we had 78% of our U.S.
Platinum card members take advantage of those -- of that value injection. We had about 50% of our small
business customers take advantage of that.

But the really interesting point, in consumer Platinum, 17% of our base was not putting wireless on
their card. They are now. So we had an uptick of 17%. Now this is something that any of you who have
embedded your card in a payment stream to try and get it out is very difficult. Recurring billing is probably
the stickiest thing you have. And so for the first time, 17% of our Platinum card base actually put wireless
on a card, which is you might think surprising, but people put spending in compartments, and 10% put
streaming on the card.

So the value injection is meant for us to do 2 things: number one, steer people where we want them to
go; and number two, provide real value to them. And we did that. And I think that, that has really helped
us from a retention perspective because, obviously, people want value. We'll continue to do that. And
then we'll look at our overall value propositions just as we've had over the course of the last 3 years and
continue to refresh those. And I think you'll see those refreshed and we'll expand the aperture of that.

So you will expand beyond traditional T&E value proposition enhancements. We'll look at other T&E value
proposition enhancements because safety in traveling will become even more important, I think, to our
premium cardholders. And we'll work with our partners. A lot of the value we put in is either co-funded or
merchant funded, and we'll continue to work with our partners to do that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

So we have -- we feel really good about the retention that we saw, and we feel really good about the value
injection because of the behavioral shift that it drove, and we believe that, that will be sticky, which is why
you see an increase in our non-T&E spending on a sequential basis, and we believe that will continue. So
that's the first part.

As far as the second part of the question, look, we do believe -- the first question was, we believe that
consumer travel will be back because it is the pent-up demand. I just -- I see the vaccines working. We
see herd immunity coming, and we certainly see that happening by the fourth quarter. If, God forbid, the
vaccines, the efficacy proves it doesn't work, we got a whole different issue for the entire economy, and
we're not talking about American Express traveling. We're talking about different things at this particular
point. But all indications are vaccine will work, it will be distributed and off we'll go.

As far as corporate spending, look, our corporate card business, which is near and dear to all of us, drives
about 9% of our overall billings and about 60% of that is T&E. There are companies that are still traveling.
And the T&E piece of corporate spending is across multiple disciplines. It's across lodging, it's across
restaurants, it's across car rental, and it's across air as well. And so we have pharmaceutical sales reps
that travel by car, they stay in hotels and they spend food. That's still going on. Where you see not a lot of
T&E spending is consultants who cannot go actually to their clients. But when you think about industrials
and manufacturing, that is still going on. And you think about local salespeople that still need to get out to
some of their accounts.

But having said that, we don't anticipate that coming back, but we don't believe that's a big driver of our
overall profitability. As we've said, it's not a big driver of our revenue. That 9% billings does not equate
to either 9% revenue or 9% profitability. And we believe that what we will gain from a consumer and our
small business perspective will more than make up for any shortfall that would occur in our corporate card
business.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

And I'd just add 2 other things, Ryan. Sort of the other leg of stool is small business, where travel just
isn't that big a piece of their spending. And those small businesses are already going strong, and we just
need them to continue steady recovery.

The other thing I just want to clarify for everyone is reminding you that when we went into 2020, 12
months ago on a January call, it seems like years ago, we gave you guidance for 2020 of $8.85 to $9.25,
and that's the kind of target that we're aspiring to achieve in 2022.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Chris Donat with Piper Sandler.

Christopher Roy Donat
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

In terms of the merchant discount rate, Jeff, you said that it would depend on the T&E spending. I'm just
wondering where we are taking a longer-term view on OptBlue and some of the downward pressure you'd
seen on the MDR in recent years. Are we basically through that? And can we expect maybe the more likely
scenarios that you see an increase in MDRs? Do you see more T&E spend? Or is there any downside risk to
the...

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

So 2 things. We're completely through any downward pressure from OptBlue. That's in the rearview
mirror. And obviously, if you look at what's happened at discount rate, discount rate has been driven down
by mix. And it's like I've always said, I always focus on discount rate by industry and mix overall because
if you look at sort of where we are right now, at 2.25% or -- I think that's where we are right now, is
2.25%, is "Oh my God, you're at 2.25%." But you're at 2.25% with 65% T&E decline.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

And so as T&E comes back, that MDR will move back up, but OptBlue will not have any pressure at all in
that discount rate. So we expect, as T&E moves up, overall discount rate will go up. But having said that,
if T&E -- if non-T&E winds up going through the roof, and that puts pressure on MDR, that's fine. We're
okay with that. Because, again, we manage this industry by industry, and I can't control mix. But if, in
fact, our non-T&E, which is -- has a lower MDR on average than T&E, if that continues to grow and grow, I
think everybody would be happy with that.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Mihir Bhatia with Bank of America.

Mihir Bhatia
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I didn't want to -- I appreciate 2021, you're looking at it as a little bit of an investment year and
repositioning -- maybe positioning the company for growth. So EPS is not that much of a focus maybe in
2021. But is there another metric that maybe we should focus on, whether it's billings growth, new card
acquisitions, something like that? As we go through the year, I guess, how will you or should -- or do you
think investors should judge American Express' progress towards -- through the year towards the 2022
goal of getting back to, call it, $9 a share. Is there a bogey you could provide maybe on card acquisitions
or something else? Maybe is it 2 million a quarter in new acquisition, something like that? Anything you
could talk about there?

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Well, I think it all comes back, Mihir, as you pointed out, to rebuilding growth momentum. And so that's
a function of watch our success in bringing new customers into the franchise and in putting new products
into the hands of our existing customers, and we'll talk about that every quarter. Watch our success on
some of the longer-term things that Steve talked about, how we're doing with China, how we're doing with
the Kabbage acquisition. Watch externally what's happening with credit and what's happening with the
recovery in T&E spending. And those are the key things that I think you want to watch, and it's what we're
managing the company for and what we'll give you an update on each quarter.

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. And we'll continue to update on those things as well as merchant acquisition, which is also going to
be important. So sort of the things that I talked about in my first answer, exactly what Jeff just said, it --
again, as we said, we don't -- I think as you see more card acquisition momentum, that is a good sign.
You see us put more value propositions in there. But also take a look at our merchant network as well.
And the macroeconomic and the sort of the health -- the state of health, not only in the United States but
in the world in general.

Operator

We'll move on to the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Glad to be joining these calls. My question is on the Biden administration in 2 areas, stimulus and
regulation. On stimulus, just given your overall experience with 2020, how would you expect kind of
the proposed next round of stimulus to effect 2021? Meaning, overall, like good because of the boost in
spending and reduction in delinquencies or more bad because consumers are using a lot of these funds for
debt reduction?

And then second, on regulation, Biden has indicated an increased focus on consumer protection and other
aspects of banking regulations. So what are -- what of his policy areas are you most focused on keeping
an eye out for?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Well, it's kind of hard to figure out at this point what they will do -- what will be done from a consumer
regulation perspective. You don't know if that's going to be done on debt collection, you don't know where
that will be. But look, we've been around 170 years, through lots and lots of administrations. We started
this sort of regulatory journey, I guess, over the last -- really, really focused on our industry over the last
15 years or so. And it all started, I think, with UDAP. And look, we'll comply. We will comply, and we will do
what we need to do. And I don't think it's going to be a major deterrent to us running our business in any
way.

I mean, look, have we added more compliance people over the years? Yes. Do we spend more time with
regulators? Yes. Will -- could that be more? Yes, it could probably be more. But when you think about
the underlying economics of our business, I really don't think it's going to impact our spend. And if you
think about our model, our model is a get the card, have a fee, spend and then we have lend. We're not as
dependent on lending revenues or lending profits as our competitors are, which is probably where a lot of
regulation will come in, if it does come in.

So we'll just see how that all plays out. And we've been through -- I've been through many
administrations since I've been at American Express. We'll do what's required, and we've moved on. We've
demonstrated we can have success under all scenarios. And what they're not talking about is, they're
talking about consumer protection. We're really not talking about discount rate regulation. That has not
been broached at all in any of these conversations.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

The only comment, Lisa, I'd add on stimulus is given the demographic of our customer base, clearly, we
are not -- what we want are healthy consumers and healthy small businesses who are spending. Lending
is not, as you know, a big part of our business model. So the system being awash in liquidity results in
higher pay-down rates. Well, that's -- we're happy to take that trade for a healthier economy and for
more spending and for more recovery. So we feel good about the credit performance and the spend
performance we've had thus far and more stimulus. Should that be the political outcome here? I have to
view as a good thing for us.

Operator

We'll move on to the line of Bob Napoli with William Blair.

Robert Paul Napoli
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Very good call. On the 2022 targets, I think a couple of the keys are the reacceleration of international,
that was your highest growing segment, I guess, geographically, prior to the pandemic. And then also,
I mean, I think the B2B payments. Kabbage, I think there are some comments, Steve, about watching
Kabbage. So just some commentary around your confidence that -- and what you're seeing internationally.
I know you're adding locations, but are you confident you're at least maintaining market share or gaining
share?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Well, here's what I would say. What's interesting, Bob, is that we are adding a lot of locations. Obviously,
international is being a little bit more challenged than the U.S. Our international spending, our
international cards tend to be a lot more T&E focused. And so they're down a little bit more. But we
believe that will come back. And so we haven't run the numbers on sort of market share at this particular
point. But as you know, we were certainly gaining market share in like 8 of the key markets that we
participate in. And we believe, again, that there's that pent-up demand for travel, our attrition numbers
are the same, showing the same sort of signs that they show in the United States. When we talk about

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

attrition, we talk about global attrition, and there really is no difference between international, how
international is performing versus how the U.S. is performing. So we feel good that, that will come back
and both small business and consumer international were 2 of the fastest growing areas.

As far as Kabbage goes, I think the thing that we're really excited about is Kabbage is it gives us a
platform that we can interact with our small businesses. And so to be able to go to one platform to not
only get a working capital loan, to get a term loan, to have now a business checking account, to be able to
have your card product, to do cash flow analysis on the platform, it gives us sort of an all-in-one platform
to serve the needs of small businesses, which is why we did that and what we've been shooting for over
the last couple of years, it was just a very fortuitous time and a very fortuitous acquisition for us. And that
will be -- we'll be rolling that out end of Q1 into Q2 and continuing to make enhancements on Kabbage.

So we're really excited about it and the opportunities that it brings from a small business perspective.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Steve and Jeff, can you discuss how the return on each dollar of investment spending today is trending
versus pre-pandemic levels on the consumer side? How did the acquisition costs and IRR of new accounts
you're acquiring today compare versus historical levels? And on the commercial side, how are you
assessing the profitability of those investments?

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Well, I think what I'd say overall, Bill, is I take you right back to our comments that our investment levels
in '21 are going to be driven by that universe of attractive opportunities, not necessarily by a particular
budget. So we were really pleased with what we saw in Q4, citing the example of the U.S. consumer
Platinum and Gold progress that we talked about earlier, and we also have some non-travel co-brands on
the business side that have been very strong. So we feel good about the returns.

I think you've heard Steve and I say for many years that we always generally have more good investment
opportunities or marketing opportunities with positive returns than we can fund. And we're setting off in
'21 to aggressively rebuild our growth momentum.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Steve, on competition, you've leaned pretty hard into OpEx. Are you seeing the same thing from Chase?
And then is there any significance to their cxLoyalty acquisition? My sense was maybe it was just like
playing catch-up, but was there anything more strategic to that competitively?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Look, I think when we think about competition, you got to think about competition across a wide range of
places that we compete. And there's no more competitive space than the consumer space in the United
States. I mean there's -- obviously, we've got competition in the U.K. We've got some competition,
obviously, for small business here, corporate competition and so forth. So I do think it's just important to
understand, we compete on many, many fronts. And while the consumer business is a large piece of it and
probably the most highly competitive, and it has been for probably 10 years.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Look, we anticipate that not only JPMorgan, but Bank of America, Citi, Capital, everybody is going to be
out there looking to get card members to bring more into the fold and to drive top line revenue. So I don't
think there's been a step down in competition. I think you will see a -- I think Jamie said on his call, he's
stepping up his investments. And I think just pretty much every CEO would say the same thing. So we
anticipate that it's going to be just as competitive as it's been as we have seen over the last few years.

And look, we're -- we look forward to it, and we look forward to competing. And we believe our value
propositions will continue to stand up well to our competitors. Look, I don't know about their acquisition
and what it is that they're trying to achieve. They got a lot of smart people over at JPMorgan. And I think
they do a really great job running their business, and we've got a lot of respect for them. And so I'm sure
they'll figure out how to integrate this into their value propositions to compete in the most effective way
that they deem is the right way to go about it. And we'll continue to do what we do, and we feel good
about the hand that we hold and off we'll go, and we'll see what happens.

But I think for more color on that, I would ask Jamie and Gordon.

Operator

And our final question will come from the line of Craig Maurer with Autonomous Research.

Craig Jared Maurer
Autonomous Research LLP

I wanted to ask quickly about trends you're seeing. U.K., can you discuss how their lockdowns impacted
volume at the end of the quarter and into first quarter?

And secondly, what type of rebound are you seeing in Australia as that country has now become relatively
COVID-free?

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Well, 2 comments. In the U.K. and Europe more generally, as you would expect, Craig, you saw in
December and now into January some significant declines in restaurants and other T&E. But what you
continue to see stability in, though, is the non-T&E spending. So it's an interesting observation that as
Europe has locked down more, it has the expected impact on restaurants and lodging, the people who
were doing locally. But it doesn't have an impact on non-T&E. And to go to Australia, Australia, like many
of our non-U.S. markets, was heavily, heavily -- or more heavily than the U.S. driven by T&E. And of
course, T&E, that country has completely shut itself off from the world in terms of cross-border travel, and
there are also many restrictions on cross-state travel within Australia. So non-T&E spending in Australia,
as it does around the world, looks good. But the T&E spending, while restaurants are a little stronger there
than you might see elsewhere in the world, that's not where the bigger dollars are.

The bigger dollars is on -- are in other parts of travel, and that's going to be slower to come back and is
going to await a lessening of the government lockdowns.

Vivian Y. Zhou
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

With that, we will bring the call to an end. Thank you, Steve. Thank you, Jeff. Thank you again for joining
today's call, and thank you for your continued interest in American Express. The IR team will be available
for any follow-up questions. Operator, back to you.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, the webcast replay will be available on our Investor Relations website at
ir.americanexpress.com shortly after the call. You can also access the digital replay of the conference call
by dialing (866) 207-1041 or (402) 970-0847, access code 7773895 after 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time on
January 26, through midnight, February 2, 2021.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

That will conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Event
Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

