American Tower Corporation (REIT) 

NYSE:AMT
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 25, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.02

1.26

23.53

1.07

4.10

4.29

4.63

4.50

1931.00

1923.70

(0.38 %)

2001.59

7591.07

7580.30

(0.14 %)

8095.60

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-25-2020 12:30 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

0.84

0.90

0.95

0.93

1.01

1.12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10.71 %

12.22 %

17.89 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

FQ4 2019

1.02

1.26

23.53 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

 
AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Igor Khislavsky
Senior Director of Investor
Relations

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Thomas A. Bartlett
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Batya Levi
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Joshua Matthew Frantz
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Michael Rollins
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the American Tower Fourth Quarter and
Full Year 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Igor
Khislavsky. Please go ahead.

Igor Khislavsky
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Thanks, Carol. Good morning, and thank you for joining American Tower's Fourth Quarter and Full Year
2019 Earnings Conference Call. We've posted a presentation, which we will refer to throughout our
prepared remarks under the Investor Relations tab of our website www.americantower.com.

Our agenda for this morning's call will be as follows: First, I'll quickly summarize our financial results for
the quarter and full year; next, Jim Taiclet, our Chairman, President and CEO, will provide a brief update
on our Stand and Deliver strategy and our key priorities for 2020; and finally, Tom Bartlett, our Executive
Vice President and CFO, will discuss our 2019 results and 2020 outlook. After these comments, we will
open up the call for your questions.

Before I begin, I'll remind you that this call will contain forward-looking statements that involve a number
of risks and uncertainties. Examples of these statements include our expectations regarding future
growth, including our 2020 outlook, capital allocation and future operating performance; our expectations
regarding Indian Carrier consolidation driven churn and the impacts of the AGR decision in India; and any
other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts. You should be aware that certain factors
may affect us in the future and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in
these forward-looking statements.

Such factors include the risk factors set forth in this morning's earnings press release, those set forth in
our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, as updated in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2019, and in other filings we make with the SEC. We urge you to consider these factors
and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the information contained in this call to reflect
subsequent events or circumstances.

Additionally, many of our comments around fourth quarter and full year 2019 results will be focused
on growth rates normalized for the impacts of the nonrecurrence of our Q4 2018 Tata settlement and
carrier consolidation driven churn in India. We view these normalized results as important indicators of
the underlying trends of our business. We have included reconciliations of these normalized metrics to
our GAAP results in the back of our earnings presentation, in our press release and in our supplement
package.

Now please turn to Slide 4 of our presentation, which highlights our reported and normalized financial
results for the fourth quarter and full year 2019. During the quarter, our property revenue declined 9.3%
to $1.9 billion, while growing 8.2% on a normalized basis. Our adjusted EBITDA declined by 14.6% to
$1.2 billion, while growing 11.3% on a normalized basis. And our consolidated AFFO and consolidated
AFFO per share declined by roughly 20% to $859 million and $1.93, respectively, with normalized growth
of over 14%. Finally, net income attributable to American Tower Corporation common stockholders
increased by roughly 103% to $563 million or $1.26 per diluted common share.

From a full year perspective, our property revenue grew 2.1% to $7.5 billion or by 9.1% on a normalized
basis. Our adjusted EBITDA grew nearly 2% to $4.7 billion or nearly 12% on a normalized basis. And
our consolidated AFFO declined by 0.5% to $3.5 billion while consolidated AFFO per share declined by
roughly 1% to $7.90. On a normalized basis, consolidated AFFO growth and consolidated AFFO per share
growth were 12% and more than 11%, respectively. Meanwhile, net income attributable to American

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2020

Tower Corporation common stockholders increased by 53.9% to nearly $1.9 billion for the year or $4.24
per diluted common share.

Finally, before I hand it over to Jim, I'll note that we are now reporting operating results in 6 segments
after separating the EMEA property segment into Africa property and Europe property. Historical segment
results are included in our supplemental package on the website.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Igor, and a warm welcome to everyone who's joining us on the call this morning. Given recent
developments with respect to the T-Mobile, Sprint transaction, I'll begin today's remarks with a few high-
level thoughts on the potential effects on American Tower.

Since the proposed merger between T-Mobile and Sprint was announced back in April of 2018, we have
consistently stated that we expect the merger to be net neutral to net positive for our company over the
mid to long term. This optimistic perspective has been driven by our belief that the combination would
speed up the deployment of multiple bands of spectrum, including a number of mid-band assets and that
the accelerated nationwide 5G coverage requirements associated with this transaction will drive further
demand for tower space. In addition, we believe the case for our U.S. business long-term upside is even
stronger with DISH's commitment to building a new fourth nationwide network. We do expect to see
some churn associated with network rationalization, but we anticipate that it will be more than offset by
incremental industry network investments in coverage, capacity and densification over time. We're excited
to partner with all of our tenants, including the new T-Mobile and DISH, to help speed the deployment of
fast, efficient 5G broadband service to consumers throughout the country.

With that, I'm going to focus the rest of my comments on our progress towards our Stand and Deliver
strategy overall as well as our specific priorities for 2020. I'm confident that executing on this strategy
will position ATC even better to support the deployment of 5G networks in the U.S. and advance mobile
broadband networks in all of our markets worldwide. As Igor noted a few minutes ago, we had another
great year in 2019, and we expect to build on our current position of strength by continuing to focus on
our Stand and Deliver strategy's 4 key pillars.

The first of these is to drive operational efficiency throughout our own business as well as the wider mobile
industry. We believe that optimizing application cycle times, improving the tenant experience and driving
operational efficiencies throughout our internal regions and functions will lead not only to faster and more
efficient deployments for our tenants but also higher margins and better returns for our company over
time. We're making tangible progress on a number of dimensions and efficiency. For example, we've
invested around $100 million in green energy solutions such as advanced batteries, solar installations and
other initiatives, primarily in our African and Indian markets as part of our commitment to reduce our
fossil fuel usage. These advanced energy management solutions may also reduce the pass-through fuel
cost to our tenants over time while enhancing their network reliability.

Meanwhile, in the U.S., we've worked closely with our tenants to optimize service levels to support their
ongoing 4G and accelerating 5G investments, leading to reduced cycle times and more efficient network
deployments for them. Among the contributors to this are our master lease agreements that provide for
more streamlined administrative processes for site applications and our highly capable in-house zoning
and permitting and structural engineering teams. And throughout our global footprint, we continue to
drive down our run rate SG&A expense as a percent of revenue, while we add scale, grow revenues and
improve business processes.

Growing our portfolio and capabilities across our served markets is the second pillar of Stand and Deliver,
and we've added more than 38,000 sites through acquisitions and new builds since we unveiled this
strategy in 2018, while expanding into 3 new markets. In 2019 specifically, this included the acquisition
of nearly 5,800 sites through our recent Eaton Towers acquisition, another 2,400-or-so sites in Chile and
Peru, and more than 400 in the U.S. We continue to see attractive acquisition opportunities globally and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2020

are pursuing those within the context of our proven capital allocation strategy. In addition, we've seen
demand for new builds accelerate across a number of our markets as incremental network densification
becomes a necessity in many more places. With highly attractive returns on new build towers even on day
1, we expect to see our new build program playing an even more prominent role in our Stand and Deliver
strategy going forward.

Our focus on innovation, the third pillar of Stand and Deliver, is continuing to gather momentum. In 2019
for example, we acquired an interconnect facility in Atlanta to help optimally position ourselves in and
better understand the elements and demands for edge computing. We've also made strides in the CBRS
space and continue to believe that the market opportunity there is likely to be concentrated in indoor
venue-based facilities, at least initially. In addition, we're in the process of ramping up our own use of
drone technology internally, particularly in the U.S. to help us better survey our sites and optimize power
maintenance. And as I alluded to earlier, we're also helping lead the way on renewable energy solutions in
the African and Indian telecommunications industries, working with technical experts, both in the U.S. and
abroad, as we do so.

Finally, we continue to evaluate a number of other innovative opportunities, looking for business models
that are either based on or complementary to our existing macro towers. A critical component of these
models is that they are secured by owning or controlling local franchise real estate rights, a characteristic
that has made our existing business so durable and profitable over the last 20-plus years. Our focus
remains on commercially shareable assets supported by long-term contracts with high operating leverage.

Our commitment to enhancing American Tower's industry leadership is the final pillar of Stand and
Deliver, and we're pursuing this in numerous ways today. This commitment starts with our dedication
to sustainability and being a constructive force in the communities in which we operate. To this end, we
continue to enhance our sustainability program, governance practices and our commitment to diversity
and inclusion throughout the business. Further, in August 2019, we signed on to the business roundtable
statement on the purpose of a corporation, as we believe we have the ability to deliver sustained value
across the range of our stakeholders.

From an operational perspective, our work with leading universities and academics in the field of
distributed power generation continues, with the goal being a material reduction in carbon emissions
and a corresponding leap in efficiency in our African and Indian operations. And at the same time, we're
expanding the presence of our digital village initiative and now have installations in 5 different countries
where underserved populations are gaining access to critical broadband connectivity and the resources
and opportunities that come along with it. Most notably, this includes e-learning for both children and
adults that enhances their educational opportunities beyond what can be offered by the local village
schools.

Further, we're members of the NAREIT Executive Board, the World Economic Forum Digital Communication
Board of Governors and I co-chair the U.S.-India CEO Forum, which has the goal of improving economic
collaboration and increasing employment in both the U.S. and India. We're also participants in numerous
other industry, government and NGO interactions designed to enhance our understanding of the world
around us and position American Tower to continue to make a positive global impact through the
transformative nature of access to wireless technology. These interactions include in-depth dialogue
with existing tenants and potential new tenants, both in the U.S. and overseas. And in 2020, executing
on the key elements of Stand and Deliver across the board will be the priority of our dedicated
employees throughout our global operations. A few specific items stand out to me as some of the biggest
opportunities.

First, on the operational efficiency front, we continue to explore and identify new and more efficient ways
of driving our business forward, while enhancing the levels of service we're providing to our tenants. We
expect to continue to improve our margin performance in 2020 as we simultaneously integrate newly
acquired portfolios in Africa and Latin America.

We're also creating shared service centers to support much of the lease extraction and other
administrative elements of our business, which we believe will further drive down our SG&A as a
percentage of revenues over time. We expect that our increasing use of drones and continued investment

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2020

in fuel and power solutions will also help reduce costs while simultaneously providing a better overall value
proposition for our tenants.

Expanding our portfolio is another key focus for 2020, and our new build program is perhaps the biggest
point of emphasis. We constructed a record of more than 4,500 sites in 2019, and we expect to exceed
that by around an additional 2,000 sites in 2020 at the midpoint of our outlook. Importantly, we expect
average day 1 NOI yields on these new builds to continue to be in the double-digit range.

On the innovation front, we expect to see more near-term momentum in the deployment of commercial
5G in the U.S. As more cell sites, antennas and spectrum bands are optimized for 5G, the surrounding
ecosystem should become incrementally more dynamic, which is likely to present us with additional
commercial opportunities. From our vantage point today, the use of CBRS spectrum and edge compute are
2 areas that may be especially interesting for us in 2020. We also expect to continue to make meaningful
investments in clean energy and fuel innovation this year, concentrated mainly in India and Africa.

Finally, in terms of industry leadership, we expect to augment our current positioning throughout 2020
by building on existing relationships with numerous NGOs and industry groups. At the same time, we set
a target to build another 15 to 20 digital villages this year and look forward to publishing an even more
comprehensive sustainability report to better reflect the many initiatives we have underway in this area.

In closing, we're excited about what the future holds, and we're fortunate to find ourselves in a very
solid position as we enter 2020. Our Board of Directors, senior leadership team and dedicated employees
around the world are all committed to executing our Stand and Deliver strategy and are energized by the
dynamic growth trends in mobile technology.

So with that, let me turn it over to Tom for a review of our 2019 results and our detailed expectations for
2020.

Thomas A. Bartlett
Executive VP & CFO

Hey, thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. As you can see, 2019 was another very strong year for
American Tower where we generated double-digit normalized consolidated AFFO per share growth and
leading U.S. organic tenant billings growth rates, while building a record number of 4,500 new sites,
acquiring over 9,000 more, and entering 2 new markets. We also grew our common stock dividend by
20% again and drove our average cost of borrowing down, while extending our average tenure by over
a full year. In addition, as Jim just discussed, we continue to execute on our Stand and Deliver strategy,
expanded our normalized margins and made tangible progress with regards to our innovation initiatives.
Before we discuss our 2020 outlook, let me first highlight some of our financial and operating results for
Q4 and the full year of 2019.

Turning to Slide 6. You can see that our underlying Q4 growth trend showed continued strength across our
operations. We generated consolidated normalized organic tenant billings growth of 6.5%, including 6.2%
in the U.S. and nearly 7% in our international markets, led by Africa at 10% and Latin America at 8%. As
expected, the U.S. growth rate decelerated from prior quarters as new business commencements continue
to pull back from the record levels we generated earlier in the year. This is largely due to the slowdown of
new business from Sprint and T-Mobile as they navigated their merger approval process. For the quarter,
offsetting a portion of this was an increase in gross new business generated across our international
markets, particularly in Brazil and Mexico. And as we expected, our international operations returned to
positive organic tenant billings growth in Q4 as the impacts of Indian Carrier consolidation churn largely
subsided. For the quarter, our consolidated normalized property revenue growth rate was more than 8%.
In addition, and again, on a normalized basis, we generated adjusted EBITDA growth of more than 11%
in the quarter, expanding our adjusted EBITDA margin by over 200 basis points. And finally, we converted
nearly 90% of that adjusted EBITDA growth to consolidated AFFO, resulting in normalized consolidated
AFFO per share growth of 14.5%.

Moving on to Slide 7. For the full year, our overall normalized property revenue growth was over 9%,
driven by normalized organic tenant billings growth of 7.4% on a consolidated basis. About 6% of this

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2020

was driven by volume growth from gross new colocation and amendment activity, with another 3.4%
being generated from escalators. Normalized churn was around 2%. For the year, we commenced globally,
over $30 million in new monthly recurring revenue across our tower and DAS assets, on par with 2018
for both organic colo and amendment activity as well as newly built sites. Our reported U.S. property
segment revenue growth for the year was nearly 10%, supported by organic tenant billings growth of
7.3% and around $167 million in straight-line benefits from the U.S. MLA we signed in the third quarter.
Volume growth from colocations and amendments contributed 5.7% for the full year growth rate, while
pricing escalators contributed just over [ 3% ]. This was partially offset by churn of about 1.5% and a
negative impact of roughly 20 basis points from some other items. Industry experts suggest wireless
carriers, again, spent upwards of $30 billion in capital during the year to support their wireless network
performance as mobile data usage grew by more than 30%.

Our reported international property revenue declined by about 6%, given the nonrecurrence of last year's
Tata settlement, while growing nearly 9% on a normalized basis. Normalized international organic tenant
billings growth was about 7.7%, driven by significant network spending in key markets like Mexico, Brazil
and South Africa. Colocation amendment revenue drove roughly 6.5% of the growth, while escalators
contributed nearly 4%. Other run rate items added 70 basis points, while normalized churn for the year
was around 3%.

Finally, the day 1 revenue associated with the over 38,000 sites we've added over the course of the last
2 years, contributed more than 2% or $120 million to our global tenant billings growth. These new assets
included the construction of more than 4,500 sites in 2019 as well as 9,000 acquired sites in the U.S.,
Latin America and Africa, roughly 8,000 of which closed in late December and therefore, do not really have
any impact on our 2019 operational results.

Turning to Slide 8. We also generated double-digit normalized adjusted EBITDA and AFFO growth in 2019
driven by strong underlying revenue growth and diligent management of our operating costs. For the
year, normalized adjusted EBITDA grew by nearly 12%, with the corresponding adjusted EBITDA margin
increasing to roughly 63%, a year-over-year expansion of nearly 200 basis points. On an FX-neutral basis,
we exceeded our initial 2019 outlook for normalized adjusted EBITDA by over $300 million. These adjusted
EBITDA results included significant progress in our fuel management operations, particularly in Africa,
where we saved over 20 million liters of diesel fuel for our tenants over the last 2 years. As of the end of
the year, we had around 3,600 sites with lithium-ion batteries and more than 800 with solar.

We also grew normalized consolidated AFFO by 12% and the corresponding AFFO per share by over 11%
for the year, reflecting our 12th straight year of generating double-digit consolidated AFFO growth. In fact,
since 2009, our consolidated AFFO per share has grown at a CAGR of 14%. As with our adjusted EBITDA
performance, we outpaced our initial outlook expectations for normalized consolidated AFFO by around
$120 million on an FX-neutral basis or over $0.25 per share.

Moving to Slide 9. Let's now take a look at our expectations for 2020. Before we dig into the numbers,
I'd like to summarize a few of the key high-level assumptions we've included in our outlook. First, as
expected and as I mentioned earlier, we saw a deceleration in our U.S. new business commencements
and pipeline in the back half of 2019, and that has carried over into the early part of 2020. Much of this
deceleration was attributable to lower activity levels from T-Mobile and Sprint as they progress through
their merger approval process. Given the recent court affirmation of the deal, we have now assumed
that for the purposes of our 2020 outlook, activity levels with the new T-Mobile will reaccelerate, but not
until the back half of the year. We expect the exact timing of the reacceleration to depend upon when
the merger closes. But at this point, we view it unlikely that a significant rebound in activity will occur in
the first half of the year. And again, as Jim highlighted, we believe the current lower activity levels in the
marketplace are temporary as all of the carriers will need to continually invest in their networks to meet
the expanding usage patterns of their customers. In addition, we haven't assumed any new activity from
potential new entrants into the market.

Meanwhile, in India, while Indian Carrier consolidation driven churn has largely subsided as anticipated,
from a planning perspective, we've layered in some additional churn for 2020 as a result of the uncertainty
created by the recent India Supreme Court ruling on the definition of adjusted gross revenue and the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2020

corresponding incremental liabilities being placed on the legacy wireless carriers. I'll note, however, that
to the extent an incrementally positive solution is reached with respect to the AGR issue, it is possible
that this included churn will not materialize. Additionally, for the same reason, we've assumed lower levels
of gross new business in India for 2020, as we expect the carriers may be less able to make near-term
network investments. Taking these assumptions into account, at the midpoint of our outlook, we expect
consolidated property revenue to grow by 7.8% or 9% on an FX-neutral basis, supported by solid overall
levels of new business, lower churn and contributions from new assets, both acquired and built.

Our U.S. property revenue is expected to grow in the mid-5% range, while we expect our international
property revenue growth to be more than 11%, despite an anticipated 3% or $85 million negative impact
from FX translation.

Turning to Slide 10. We expect organic new business to again be a critical component of our overall growth
in 2020, driven by significant network investments being made by our large, multinational tenants. In the
U.S., we're projecting organic tenant billings growth of around 5% as carrier spending on 4G continues
and 5G-related activity picks up. There are a few principal factors driving our U.S. organic tenant billings
lower than we have seen over the last few years. First, as I alluded to earlier, and as we expected, our
new business commencements and pipeline trending down in Q4 of 2019 attributable primarily to T-
Mobile and Sprint's activity levels. Given that trend and similarly slower activity levels expected in the
first part of this year, our U.S. organic tenant billings growth rate is expected to be lower than last year.
Also impacting the growth rate is the fact that our base of business is now significantly larger, creating an
overall drag on 2020 growth rates.

And finally, churn in 2020 is expected to be 1.8% or around 30 basis points higher than in 2019, although
still well within our historical 1% to 2% range. For the year, total monthly commenced organic new
business in the U.S. is expected to be a bit lower in '20 than 2019. As I mentioned, the timing of the new
business in 2020 is expected to be more back-end loaded in the year.

With all that said, we remain incredibly constructive on the long-term demand trends for tower space in
the U.S. and anticipate that new business activity will ramp up to higher levels in the back half of this
year and into '20 and '21 given the forecasted demand growth, anticipated spectrum deployments and
opportunities associated with 5G.

Moving on to Latin America, we expect organic tenant billings growth of around 7% for the year, broadly
consistent with what we saw in 2019. Demand trends are solid with carriers increasingly focused
on improving and extending 4G networks as mobile data usage accelerates. After incurring some
decommissioning in Brazil last year with elevated churn in the region, we expect our Lat Am churn to
decline to around 1.7% in 2020. Partially offsetting this positive trend, our initial gross new business
expectations for the year, which is slightly lower as compared to 2019. Escalators are also expected to be
down nearly 1% given lower inflation rates.

Over the longer term, we believe we'll have excellent opportunities to grow our Latin American business
as carrier investments continue. In that regard, we continue to see strength in our new build program in
the region as network densification initiatives take hold and consequently expect to build between 400 and
500 sites in 2020. Overall, we expect Lat Am tenant billings to grow by close to 12% in 2020.

Switching to Africa, 2020 organic tenant billings growth is expected to be around 11%, up from 9% in
2019. This is being driven primarily by our expectation that given our significantly expanded regional
portfolio, gross new business contributions to growth will be up substantially as compared to 2019. In
addition, escalators are expected to be slightly higher at around 6%, while churn is projected to remain
steady at around 1.8%. On the new build side, given continued strong demand, we expect to construct
up to 1,000 sites in the region in 2020 as compared to around 700 in 2019. This would represent a record
level of new builds for us in Africa.

Meanwhile, in Europe, we expect organic tenant billings growth of between 1% to 2%, down slightly from
2019 based primarily on high levels of churn due to some carrier consolidation in Germany. For the longer
term, particularly in France, where we recently signed a deal with Orange to acquire up to 2,000 sites

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2020

over the next few years, we would anticipate higher levels of activity as 4G and 5G coverage initiatives
accelerate and the corresponding necessary spectrum is allocated.

Finally, in India, we expect organic tenant billings growth to be essentially 0 in 2020 versus a roughly
20% decline in 2019. This includes churn assumptions of around 12% for the year as compared to 33% in
2019, given that the impacts of the carrier consolidation process are largely over. With that said, we still
anticipate churn in India to be quite a bit higher this year than historical levels and what we would expect
in future years as a result of a few legacy ICC impacts, provisions we've made for the potential impacts
of the recent AGR decision, as I mentioned earlier, and the last tranche of contractual churn associated
with our 2018 acquisition of the Vodafone and Idea sites. Gross new business activity is expected to be
quite strong at about 9%, and in fact, would be the highest of all of our international markets, although
not quite at historical levels, again, given some of the likely funding challenges facing certain carriers due
to the Supreme Court AGR decision.

Longer term, we continue to expect India mobile network operators to deploy significant levels of capital
into their networks as 4G penetration grows and mobile data usage continues to expand. And again, to the
extent of a more favorable resolution of the AGR issue is reached, it is possible that we may outperform
our current expectations.

Overall, on a consolidated basis, our outlook assumes commencing more than $27 million in new monthly
recurring business across our tower and DAS assets, of which between [ $4 million and $4 million ] will
be from newly constructed sites with the balance coming from more traditional organic colocation and
amendment activity. So while our organic tenant billings growth in certain regions may be under pressure
due primarily to broader industry events and timing issues, we have the ability to supplement that growth
through our global build-to-suit growth engine.

Moving on to Slide 11. At the midpoint of our outlook, we expect adjusted EBITDA to grow by $390 million
or 8.2%. This includes continued high margin flow-through of organic growth as well as the impacts of
accretive M&A transactions, build-to-suit activity and a full year of our new MLA agreement with AT&T.
We expect to target areas in our business where we can take additional efficiencies, including power and
fuel, where we're continuing to invest in more efficient equipment and renewable energy solutions. In fact,
we expect to save upwards of 40 million liters of fuel utilized by our tenants in 2020, leading to reduced
emissions and costs. Our cash SG&A expense as a percentage of revenue is expected to be around 7.6%,
down from over 8% in 2019. We anticipate being able to further reduce that metric over time. And finally,
our adjusted EBITDA expectations include an estimated negative impact of around $45 million from
unfavorable FX translation effects.

Turning to Slide 12. We expect to convert our adjusted EBITDA growth and the strong consolidated AFFO
growth as well. Before taking into account the onetime previously disclosed $65 million cash interest
expense impact of purchasing MTN stake in our Ghana and Uganda joint ventures, consolidated AFFO
is expected to grow by 9.5% or 9.4% on a per share basis. Including that onetime MTN-related cash
interest expense payment, at the midpoint of our outlook, we expect consolidated AFFO to grow by a
total of nearly $270 million or roughly 7.6%. As compared to 2019, this includes a contribution of $413
million from FX-neutral cash adjusted EBITDA. Offsetting this increase is $23 million or so in higher cash
taxes, a roughly $41 million drag from unfavorable FX translation and $15 million in other items. On a
per share basis, we expect consolidated AFFO growth to be over 7% for the year and are projecting AFFO
attributable to American Tower common stockholders share to grow by over 8% at the midpoint. This
per share growth rate would be over 10% without the one-time $65 million cash interest expense impact
triggered by the MTN buyout.

Looking at Slide 13. We remain committed to our consistent, diverse return-based capital allocation
strategy. In 2019, we deployed over $1.7 billion for our growing common stock dividend while spending
over $1 billion on CapEx, with nearly 85% of that spending being discretionary in nature. Around $367
million of that discretionary spend was to fund the construction of more than 4,500 sites throughout our
global footprint, a new record for American Tower. Finally, we spent around $3.3 billion, including the
assumption of debt to acquire new assets and another $426 million on the first set of puts in India earlier

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2020

in the year. Total, we deployed more than $6 billion throughout the year, while staying well within our
leverage targets and simultaneously strengthening the balance sheet.

We expect to deploy capital in a consistent, balanced manner in 2020, including allocating just over $1.1
billion at the midpoint of our outlook for capital expenditures, with roughly 85% of the spend, again, being
discretionary. Approximately $200 million of that CapEx is planned to be spent investing in our business
on innovation-related initiatives, including further additions of lithium-ion batteries and solar in certain
international markets, as well as selective expansion of our fiber infrastructure, largely in Latin America.

Once again, we expect to grow our common stock dividend by 20% or so to more than $2 billion,
subject to Board discretion. In addition, we've allocated roughly $523 million to buy MTN's minority
stakes in our joint ventures in Ghana and Uganda in the first half of the year, and also expect to spend
roughly $348 million at year-end 2019 exchange rates to pay for the final Tata put in India. Our latest
expectation is that the Tata put will be completed in the first half of 2020 but the process remains subject
to regulatory approval. Pro forma for these transactions, we will own roughly 92% of our India operations
and 100% in both Ghana and Uganda. What this will mean going forward is that in the absence of any
additional transactions impacting our minority interest, the gap between our consolidated AFFO and AFFO
attributable to American Tower common stockholders will shrink.

As you can see on this slide, our comprehensive asset base, investment discipline and ability to deploy
capital to attractive opportunities around the world has helped us drive compelling mid-teens growth and
consolidated AFFO per share over the last decade. Further, despite adding more than 150,000 sites to our
portfolio since 2009, we've also been able to increase our return on invested capital over that time period
to 10.6% as of year-end 2019. We continue to believe that growth across the combination of consolidated
AFFO per share and ROIC is critical to our creation of long-term sustainable stockholder value.

Turning to Slide 14. I want to spend a few minutes on our international build-to-suit program, which,
as I alluded to earlier, had a record year in 2019. We expect to raise the bar to an even higher level of
activity in 2020. Most of our new build sites continues to be focused in our international markets. And as
you can see, we've ramped the program from building around 2,000 sites back in 2017 to an expected
6,500 sites in the midpoint of our outlook for 2020. We have purpose-built this global engine to support
significant tenant-driven inorganic growth. Importantly, not only are we building more sites but we're also
maintaining the attractive day 1 economics that we've generated historically. With one tenant, our initial
average NOI yield on international new builds over the last 3 years has been around 11%, increasing
further over time as we generate additional colocations. To give you a sense of our historical colocation
success, we've added roughly 0.5 tenant on average to sites built in 2015, 0.4 to sites built in 2016
and around 0.3 to sites built in 2017. Given this growth profile, we continue to deploy significant capital
towards our new build initiatives and expect to spend almost $400 million at the midpoint of our 2020
outlook on development CapEx.

And finally, as you can see in the chart on the right side of the page, newly constructed sites is contributed
meaningfully to our overall book of monthly run rate additions over the last 3 years, with a total of nearly
$7 million added. We expect to add another $4 million or so in 2020 as our new build activity accelerates.

Turning to Slide 15. And in summary, 2019 was another strong year for American Tower with solid organic
growth, accelerating new build activity, meaningfully accretive M&A and continued strides and increasing
margins are driving operational efficiency throughout the business. The underlying secular growth trends
in mobile on a global basis continue to act as a catalyst for consistent, sustainable growth in our revenues
and cash flows. And we are dedicating resources to ensure that we are optimally positioned to take
advantage of those trends.

Looking to 2020, we expect another solid year of revenue and cash flow generation, fueled by new
business growth and margin expansion across our portfolio, complemented by a record year of new builds,
with consistent growth in our common stock dividend and our continuing capacity to fund opportunistic,
accretive M&A. In the U.S., we're well positioned to benefit from a revised wireless industry structure
and look forward to working with our existing, potentially new tenants to accelerate the deployment of
5G throughout the country. In our international markets, underlying trends are solid, with the increasing
smartphone penetration and mobile data usage continuing to drive strong demand for our tower space.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2020

Looking slightly longer term, we are fully committed to our Stand and Deliver strategy and are confident
that we are on the right path to deliver attractive, sustainable, long-term total returns to our stockholders
for years to come.
And with that, I'll turn the call over to the operator so we can take some questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Rollins from Citi.

Michael Rollins
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Curious if you could talk about the significance of segmenting the European business from the African
business. And based on your historical aspirations to be a leader in each of the regions that you serve,
how does this segmentation play into the goals of what you might want to achieve in Europe versus Asia --
sorry, Europe versus Africa?

And then just secondarily, if you could talk a little bit more about how we should think about the flow
of growth over the year in the domestic business given the commentary for the activity to be back-half
weighted and the annual growth goal that you provided?

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Mike, it's Jim. I'll take the first one, and Tom can speak to the trend on the second. As far as Europe and
Africa separating, we essentially took the opportunity with the Eaton transaction to really focus more
transparency on both markets, given the significant differences that they have. And then secondly, as I
suggested, with Eaton coming on, Africa is actually a sizable region in and of itself now. So it was just high
time to separate them just for those reasons. There's really nothing else behind it.

As far as leadership aspirations, they take sometimes years or many years to achieve. And for us, it has
to do with the discipline of our investment program. Right now and for the last couple -- few years, I'd
say, the match of asset pricing and growth rates has not met our investment criteria and so we haven't
felt the need or really the attractiveness to buy a large asset portfolios in Europe at those prices. But
things change and whether the growth rate surges or the asset pricing moderates, those are the times
you'll see us act more decisively. But we think it's really important to have the beachhead in that part
of the world, in France and Germany, the 2 largest continental economies. And so we think that it's an
important business for us, but just asset pricing and growth need to come better into line for us to act
more decisively.

Thomas A. Bartlett
Executive VP & CFO

And Michael, in the U.S., on the second one, versus kind of last year, I probably see kind of a 40-plus
percent in the first half of the year and kind of a 60% in the second half of the year. With the new MLAs
that we have in place, there could be -- the organic tenant billings growth rate might be a bit higher in Q1
actually. But overall, we would expect kind of the new T-Mobile, we'll spend roughly the same that we had
generated last year, but this is all kind of second half of the year-driven, which will prove to be positive
actually heading into '21, we believe. I'll also remind you that we haven't assumed any activity from any
new entrants, including DISH, into the outlook for the year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Barden from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Joshua Matthew Frantz
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

It's Josh in for Dave. Two, if I could. Can you just provide any additional commentary on the Indian
Supreme Court ruling and when you think this will all be behind us? And any thoughts you have on reports
that government has been intervening in the market to raise prices.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2020

And then secondly, what are your expectations for the growth-related impact, related to the AT&T
Telefónica deal? And do you think there are other markets where this type of relationship could evolve?

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure, Josh, it's Jim again. And I'll go ahead and start, and Tom can add additional commentary. So as
far as India, the Supreme Court there in that country is taking its independent action as independent
judiciaries tend to do. For us to predict what those actions are going to be and how they roll out is
something we're not going to do. But I will tell you that part of the history of this company is to adapt
to changing conditions. And it's not by accident. We built the company that way through our portfolio
diversification, our long-term contracts, our comprehensive MLAs and the 4-dimensional strategy that
we sort of call Stand and Deliver in the current time frame. So we'll adapt to this as it unfolds. And so to
predict how it will unfold, I can't offer much in the way of content, but our adaptability, I can assure you,
will be put into play however it evolves.

As far as the government intervening, we just see what happens in the market. We're not involved
in those discussions or internal government decision-making processes in India. But the pricing
rationalization, I would call it, was long due. There's no way to continue to provide the kind of gigabit --
multi-gigabit service per month, the kind of prices that we're being charged. And now that some common
sense has come into the market, that was just overdue.

Secondly, on -- in Mexico, with AT&T and Telefónica under a new arrangement, we've got a significant
amount of Telefónica leases with long-term lease commitments that will -- we expect will be honored. And
we are also having about 4 years on average with those leases. And as far as AT&T, it's a large and well-
integrated customer with us in Mexico as well as the U.S. And whatever traffic moves from the Telefónica
network over time into the AT&T network is going to have to be served. And I think we're in a great
position as a partner with AT&T in Mexico to meet that demand with them. So I -- we don't expect this to
be a materially adverse scenario to our Mexico business.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Batya Levi from UBS.

Batya Levi
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

A question on India. Can you provide more color on the 12% churn assumption you have? Is that based
on some early notification from the carrier? Or your -- just assumption that as the year progresses, they
could take off some equipment?

And on the gross activity side, it looks like it was still strong throughout the end of last year. Have you
seen a slowdown since then? And does the 9% assume activity from all players?

And maybe just finally, in the event that there is a restructuring there, can you talk about what kind of
protection you have?

Thomas A. Bartlett
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Batya. On the first couple of questions, we had a little bit higher churn in Q4, which is -- I consider
-- it got Indian Carrier consolidation churn, which is kind of kicking in into 2020 at a couple of percent.
The kind of the overarching planning provision that I've put in place relative to the AGR decision is
probably another 4% or so. So when you kind of back out this, I kind of look at the kind of the normalized
churn rate is probably in that 4% rate for the year. It's still a little bit higher than I would expect longer
term, but that kind of gives you a sense of what we think as being the -- kind of the normalized rate.

Relative to the kind of the gross new business, yes, it's around 9%. And again, because of the AGR
decision, we've kind of scoped that back a little bit for 2020 planning purposes. As the carriers continue
to work through a lot of these AGR decisions, we thought that it might slow down a bit, the overall rate

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2020

of growth. The build program continues to be very, very strong and it's -- 70%, 80% of our total build
program will be in India. You have seen the kind of the really terrific NOI yields that we've had in that
marketplace. So again, as I mentioned, while the overall growth is a bit slower than last year, it's still our
highest across our international footprint at that 9%. So we're really positive, constructive longer term on
it. We just need to kind of get through kind of this AGR process.

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

And Batya, it's Jim. Just to add to that, in a larger context, we're going through, in India, in the mobile
industry, a reordering of that industry. It was long overdue. That's where the consolidation came in. And
now the actions of certain government agencies and courts and the impact of those, which will be, we
hope, fairly short-lived. But at the end of the day, we look at the long-term technical demand for tower
space and every market that we're in, and if you just step back and look at India as a market for mobile
service, there's 1.3 billion people plus there. At the end of this decade, if not sooner, they'll be using
probably 10 gigabits a month on 4G, if not 5G across that population. The network infrastructure that's
there today is woefully inadequate to do that. So there's a reordering of the industry and some shaking
out has happened. But at the end of the day, no matter what carriers are serving that population, they're
going to have to have a significant amount of equipment added to sites in that country and a significant
amount of sites added over time. And we'll be there for that. And again, we'll adapt to the industry
structure, who the customers are, who the customer's ownerships are, what the competition is, to get our
fair share of that and monetize it in the way we've typically done.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Simon Flannery from Morgan Stanley.

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just coming back to the Sprint, T-Mobile. Is it your hope to sign a holistic MLA here to sort of flatten out
some of the churn on the Sprint network? And how long do you think that would take to execute?

And then just on the new builds, perhaps you could just give us a little bit more color about the key
markets that you're targeting in 2020?

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Simon, it's Jim. I'll take the T-Mobile, Sprint, and Tom can talk to the build program. As far as our
negotiations with T-Mobile or other carriers, they're ongoing constantly at various levels. We found ways
with all of our major customers to, at the end of the day, come to an arrangement with them, whether
it's retail or wholesale, you could characterize it, that allows us to have a strong growth rate and then to
feel like they have an efficient way to deploy their network. I am extremely confident that we'll continue
to have those kinds of interactions with the T-Mobile management. And at the end of the day, if it's a
holistic or a wholesale-type agreement that is best for both parties, we'll enter into that as we've done
with others. And if it's a more retail establishment with more flexibility, we'll work within that as well. The
remaining term is 2 years. So that gives us time on the Sprint leases to work with T-Mobile, Sprint closely
to figure out what the best answer is for all of us on that. So I'm very confident that we're going to find an
arrangement that works for both.

Thomas A. Bartlett
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And just in terms of the split of the 6,500 sites, probably looking at upwards of 1,000 in Africa, 600-
plus in Latin America, and about 5,000 in India.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Colby Synesael from Cowen.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2020

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Great. 2 questions. Jim, you mentioned in your prepared remarks, as part of your strategy, that you'll
focus more on CBRS and edge in 2020. I was wondering if you could expand on that.

And then just, Tom, one question as it relates to just, I guess, the numbers a bit. U.S. straight line, your
assumption now for 2020 is $185 million. Last quarter, in your supplemental for 2020, it was $103 million.
The AT&T MLA happened in early September. So I assume that was already reflected. Just curious what
the explanation is for that delta versus what you guys were guiding for last quarter.

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure, Colby. On the innovation initiatives, they're in early stages. We actually hope to be a pioneer in both
of these in our industry, but unclear how they're going to develop and at what rate but we're out in front,
we think, with the right partners. So as far as CBRS goes, we expect that in the next few years, that will
be mainly an indoor small cell solution that will reduce the cost of delivery of service inside of venues. And
that would, therefore, widen dramatically the number of venues that a DAS system, if you will, makes
economic sense. So that's the path we're on there.

As far as edge compute, my vision long term is that there is incredible sense, and there'll be a lot of value
and being able to interconnect at the cell site, at the tower site, multiple mobile operators and multiple
cloud providers to really enhance the latency improvements and the throughput and responsiveness of
5G in the future. And again, we're working, we think, with some of the very best partners in trialing this.
We've set up, really a lab, if you will, with Colo Atl in Atlanta, and we'll have 6 sites up and running at
tower locations in the Southeast U.S. this year, to go ahead and test this out with a few very well regarded
parties in those fields that I discussed. So I think that we're, again, in the front of this. We hope to help
lead the infrastructure definition of what it's going to take to do these kinds of edge compute solutions and
we'll keep updating you all as we go forward.

Thomas A. Bartlett
Executive VP & CFO

And Colby, on the second piece, you're right. I mean, we had some adjustments that we made on the
straight-line calcs on the MLA. And then we just have -- we have natural extensions in our other kind of
non-related leases right across the portfolio. And then --

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Is there anything specific? I mean, it seems like a fairly large jump versus last quarter. I was wondering if
there's anything you can point out.

Thomas A. Bartlett
Executive VP & CFO

No, nothing specific. And I'd just point out and -- yes, this is really a true up. In 2020, I'd just remind you
that we do expect, again, another pickup of around $30 million of straight-line in our outlook. But relative
to Q4 and finishing up the year, nothing specific. Just kind of further landing on that calculation.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs.

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Firstly, I just want to follow up on the question about your outlook for India. If I heard Tom's answer
correctly, it sounds like your pipeline for gross new activity may indeed be better than the 9% growth, but
in light of the uncertainty market, you're choosing to take a degree of conservatism. And it sounded like

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2020

that's also the way you're thinking about churn. So I just wanted to clarify whether it's what you actually
see in your funnel for both of those metrics that caused you to guide as you did or if it was also heavily
influenced by an appropriate degree of conservatism.

And then just secondly, we're starting to see the C band process move ahead, and we might get an FCC
authorization on that reasonably soon. What's your latest updated thinking in terms of the impact you'd
expect that to have in your business? Meaning, are you mostly assuming this could be a huge amendment
cycle from your existing customers? Or do you think that this could be a catalyst for a significant amount
of new site deployments owing to the propagation differences in the frequency?

Thomas A. Bartlett
Executive VP & CFO

Brett, I'll take the first one, and then Jim will take the second one. On your question on India, I think
that to the extent that the AGR decision is resolved quickly and appropriately, the pipeline could increase.
But relative to my comments on the conservatism, it's more largely in the churn side. And so I don't -- I
wouldn't expect -- I don't know that we have significant increases on the growth side, but there very well
could be possibly benefits on the churn side.

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

And Brett, on the C band spectrum availability. First of all, just as a reminder to everyone, it's probably
going to be a few years to allocate through auction or otherwise and then clear that spectrum and really
get it ready to deploy. So we're looking forward to that because as you sort of suggested that certainly
for our existing customers, if that spectrum is available, and you want to have the same sort of signal
strength using that spectrum as you have in 600, 700, the sites absolutely have to be closer together,
which requires densification. The other issue is that, that spectrum won't go through obstructions such
as walls and foliage and things like that quite as well. So that's going to kind of add to the densification
requirement.

And for new customers, we're working with a number of industries in a preliminary fashion. The fact that
this spectrum might be available and if you see them active in auctions, I think we're in well -- a very
good position to carry that forward. But it's hard to predict right now. But the existing customer base, we
expect is going to need to use the spectrum, and we'll deploy it in a denser fashion over the next number
of years.

Operator

Last question comes from the line of Ric Prentiss with Raymond James.

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

A couple of follow-up questions. On the CBRS spectrum side, Jim, would you imagine yourself participating
in the spectrum auction? Or just acting as the host of spectrum?

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

We expect Ric, to act as a host of spectrum and allow our customers and other industries to secure the
spectrum and go ahead and deploy it within their plans. Now there is some general access spectrum that's
out there too and that's a kind of band that anyone can use and low-density venues might make a lot of
sense to use because the availability of the spectrum for large, significant quantities of volume is not going
to be required, but just having enough availability of spectrum to augment the outdoor network would be
valuable. So the general is available to all and some of our customers and other clients may come with the
more prioritized spectrum, but we don't intend to necessarily bid in auctions.

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2020

Makes sense. And Jim, you mentioned -- or Tom, you mentioned 5,000 of the new builds in India. Who's
your anchor tenant there? Just so we can understand kind of as the industry rationalizes there what you
might be exposing yourself with.

Thomas A. Bartlett
Executive VP & CFO

Ric, it's largely Airtel.

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And a couple of, obviously, quick ones here. The AT&T new MLA, what was it that got addressed in
that one? Was it FirstNet project? Was it preparing? Just trying to think, that was a fairly large one. What
drove the new MLA there with AT&T?

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Ric, it's Jim. Our practice is we don't speak to specifics of any customer agreement. But what I can say is
that, look, we've been working with AT&T and its predecessors since SpectraSite bought the SBC towers
in the late 1990s, I believe. So this is just another cycle in the pattern of collaborative agreements with
that executive team as it's evolved over time. And we're the largest tower company in the country, and
they're one of the largest mobile operators in the country, and it's just a natural cycle evolution of how we
do business together.

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

And last one for me is, obviously, you mentioned that no new ones like DISH in the guidance. What would
it take if DISH wanted to take over some of the decommissioned Sprint sites, if they found that, as DISH
said on their earnings call, that some of the RAD centers are at good heights? What would be involved in
just taking a look at the -- some decommissioned Sprint sites?

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Ric, it's Jim. Broadly, there are obligations on the part of T-Mobile, Sprint on those sites already. Varying
terms. We try to work closely with both DISH and T-Mobile, Sprint to figure out what makes the most
sense, really, for the industry and for the companies to put each site in the proper hand so that this
deployment can be successful for really all -- both of those customers. So we've sorted out, but it'd be a
very detailed negotiation based on the facts and the volumes and the locations.

Igor Khislavsky
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Great. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining this morning, and have a great day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and
for using AT&T conferencing services. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

