American Water Works Company, Inc. 

NYSE:AWK
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 07, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.66

Revenue  (mm)

837.39

0.67

844.00

1.52

0.79

0.91

3.86

4.24

947.32

3935.95

3977.98

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-07-2020 8:09 AM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

0.91

1.30

0.74

0.66

0.94

1.33

0.73

0.67

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3.30 %

2.31 %

(1.35 %)

1.52 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Edward D. Vallejo
Vice President of Investor
Relations

M. Susan Hardwick
Executive VP & CFO

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jonathan Garrett Reeder
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Richard A. Verdi
Coker & Palmer Investment
Securities, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. And welcome to American Water's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. As a
reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation
through the company's Investor Relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio
archive of the call will be available through May 14, 2020. U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll-
free by dialing 1 (877) 344-7529. International callers may listen by dialing 1 (412) 317-0088. The access
code for replay is 10142727. The audio webcast archive will be available for one year on American Water's
Investor Relations website at ir.amwater.com/events.

I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr.
Vallejo, you may begin.

Edward D. Vallejo
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Sean. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for today's call. At the end of our
prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions.

During this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may
make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or
other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates
and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially
different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these
risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important
information is provided in the earnings release and in our March 31, 2020, Form 10-Q, each as filed with
the SEC.

Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this conference call including adjusted
income, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted return on equity and our adjusted regulated O&M efficiency
ratio can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. Also, the slide
deck has been posted to our Investor Relations page on our website. All statements in this call related to
earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share.

I should also note that consistent with our efforts to ensure the safety and health of our team, we're
conducting this call while practicing social distancing and from remote locations. As an example, Walter
and Susan are in separate locations. We don't anticipate any technical issues but if for any reason
technical issues do arise, Walter will take over and lead us through the full presentation.

That being said, I will now turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Walter Lynch.

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Ed. Good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us. Today, I'll start by giving you a brief
update on our COVID-19 response and then provide key updates on our business. Susan Hardwick, our
CFO, will cover the first quarter financial results and provide a few additional comments related to the
implications of COVID-19.

As you know, American Water provides clean, safe, reliable water and wastewater services and has
continued to do so throughout this pandemic. American Water has established clear priorities across
our organization focused in 3 areas. The first is the care and safety of our employees and their families.
The second is the safety of our customers and the communities we serve. And the third area of focus is
the execution of our preparedness plans, so we can continue to provide essential services and help our
communities get through this crisis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Let me give some examples of the measures we've implemented. Because safety is our top priority,
we've implemented a required work-from-home policy where possible as well as social distancing and
other enhanced safety measures for employees and customers. For example, we've suspended all
nonemergency and home appointments and limited the amount and nature of contact with customers
during field appointments. We've also worked hand in hand with labor across the business and supported
our employees with paid leave for COVID-19 diagnosis, quarantine and childcare.

We suspended building-related service shutoffs, suspended late fees and have restored service to
customers who were previously shut off for nonpayment. We're also working with customers who are
experiencing financial hardships by offering customer assistance programs and access to low-income
programs. Susan will cover this a bit more later but we've implemented actions to strengthen our liquidity
and ensure access to capital.

We also continue to execute on our core strategies such as making needed capital investment. We
increased communications with public service commissions, customers and public officials. As the
COVID-19 impact continues to be assessed, American Water will work constructively with public service
commissions as they look to address utility response measures, customer protection and cost recovery for
all regulated utilities in their jurisdictions.

Finally, we provided a $500,000 donation to the American Water Charitable Foundation to help fund
COVID-19 relief efforts across the United States. This was in addition to a $100,000 donation made to
Feeding America to help support food banks.

We understand we have a very important role during this crisis. We provide water and wastewater services
for hygiene, hospitals, sanitation and fire protection. We thank all our employees for continuing to provide
these essential services.

Moving on to first quarter results. The employees of American Water delivered solid results and further
strengthened our low-risk profile and predictable growth story. Our first quarter 2020 adjusted earnings
per share increased 9.8% compared to first quarter 2019. We invested capital of $457 million in the
first quarter of 2020, which is a 36% increase over the same period last year. This increase is driven
by the continued investment in our systems and the communities we serve along with more favorable
construction weather this year versus last.

As you know, we work hard to minimize the customer bill impacts of these investments through a
continued focus on controlling O&M costs. I'll talk more in a moment about our regulated operations, our
continuing progress on regulated acquisitions and their contributions to our long-term growth story.

Our Market-Based Businesses were up $0.01 in earnings per share. This was due primarily to growth in
customer contracts from Homeowner Services. As a reminder, in the third quarter of 2019, our Military
Services Group was awarded 2 military contracts: Joint Base San Antonio in Texas and the United States
Military Academy at West Point, New York. We're on track to assume operations by the second quarter of
2020.

Moving to Slide 7. The foundation of our earnings growth continues to be the capital investment we make
in our regulated operations to provide clean, safe and reliable service to our customers. We believe that
long-term financial success depends on effectively executing the fundamentals of our business every day.
We plan to invest $20 billion to $22 billion in capital over the next 10 years to ensure the quality and
reliability of our services and to bring water and wastewater solutions to communities across the country.

We're affirming our long-term EPS compound annual growth rate in the 7% to 10% range. We also
expect our 2020 adjusted earnings to be in the range of $3.79 to $3.89 per share. This is the same range
we communicated in February, which should have been identified as an adjusted EPS range. Our GAAP
earnings are expected to be in the range of $3.85 to $3.95 per share. In her comments, Susan will provide
additional information about the difference between our GAAP and adjusted guidance ranges.

Also consistent with our previous dividend guidance, on April 29, our Board of Directors increased
our quarterly cash dividend payment from $0.50 per share to $0.55 per share, a 10% increase. We

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

understand that a secure and growing dividend is important to our shareholders, while striking the right
balance with continued investment in our regulated operations.

Turning to Slide 8. Let's walk through some of the regulatory highlights of the first quarter of 2020.
Pennsylvania American Water filed a general rate case last week, requesting $92 million in the first year
and $46 million in the second year. Since our last case in 2017, Pennsylvania American Water will have
invested $1.64 billion in infrastructure upgrades for the 4-year period of 2019 through 2022, including
replacing more than 427 miles of aging water and sewer pipes. The case also includes enhancements to
our customer assistance program. Traditionally, the Public Utility Commission's review of the filing may
take up to 9 months and new rates would not be effective until 2021.

Also in Pennsylvania, the Public Utility Commission approved the company's revision to its wastewater
DSIC. This action allows the DSIC to be applied to another 50,000 wastewater customers effective May 1.

We also have 3 pending rate cases in New Jersey, Virginia and California. New Jersey American Water filed
a general rate case in December 2019 requesting an overall revenue increase of approximately $88 million
excluding the revenue from DSIC. Since our last rate case, we've invested more than $1 billion in system
upgrades.

Virginia American Water filed a general rate case requesting an overall revenue increase of $5.6 million in
November 2018. This case was driven by approximately $98 million in infrastructure upgrades since April
2017. Interim rates became effective on May 1, 2019, and we expect a decision later this year.

Moving west, California American Water filed for new rates in July 2019. The case covers 2021 through
2023 and requests an increase in authorized revenue of $46.6 million over 3 years. The request seeks
$197 million for infrastructure improvements planned for 2021 and 2022. Due to COVID-19, the
evidentiary hearings were moved from April and May to early June with final hearing dates expected in
late August. We now expect a decision on this case as early as first quarter of 2021. In addition, we filed a
motion for interim rates to be effective back to January 1, 2021.

On the legislative front, during the quarter, Indiana Governor Holcomb signed 2 bills. The first one
authorizes recovery for aboveground infrastructure without a full rate case. And the second establishes an
appraisal process for nonmunicipal utilities to establish fair value and a reasonable purchase price.

In West Virginia, Governor Justice has signed the Water and Wastewater Investment and Infrastructure
Improvement Act. Effective June 5, this legislation creates a voluntary process to use fair value
assessments to determine the value of the water or wastewater systems, enables combined water and
wastewater ratemaking, and expands how municipalities can use the proceeds they receive from selling
utility assets to better address needs in their communities.

Finally in Virginia, Governor Northam signed fair market value legislation, which will go into effect on July
1. This is now the ninth state that has adopted fair market value legislation across our footprint.

All this legislation is focused on helping communities and utilities address water and wastewater
challenges.

Moving on Slide 9. Customers remain at the center of every decision we make today and into the future.
This means smart investments balanced by efficient operations and capital deployment. As I mentioned
earlier, in the first quarter, we invested $457 million with a majority in our Regulated Businesses, including
$432 million in infrastructure investment and $21 million in regulated acquisitions.

As we make these critical investments to maintain reliable service, we must also ensure affordability for
our customers. We'll continue to focus on O&M efficiency and work toward our O&M efficiency goal of
31.3% by 2024. For the 12-month period ended March 31, 2020, our O&M efficiency ratio improved to
34.5% compared to 35.5% for the 12-month period ended March 31, 2019.

Now to put this into perspective, our adjusted O&M expenses are just slightly higher today than they
were in 2010. Since then, we've added approximately 276,000 customer connections while expenses
only increased at a compound annual growth rate of 0.7%. We're very proud of our employees' focus and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

commitment to controlling costs on behalf of our customers, especially given the current situation and
economic challenges some of our customers are now facing.

Moving on to Slide 10. We believe our commitment to putting customers first is a key to growing our
regulated footprint. So far in 2020, we've closed on 5 acquisitions in 4 different states, adding about 6,200
new customer connections. We've also added more than 3,200 customer connections through organic
growth in the first quarter. We look forward to adding another 45,800 customer connections through
currently signed agreements in 8 states, most of which we expect to close this year in 2020. These new
agreements reflect our commitment to provide water and wastewater solutions to communities across our
footprint.

And with that, let me now turn it over to Susan.

M. Susan Hardwick
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Walter. And good morning, everyone. Let me first start on Slide 12 with a bit more detail on
results for the quarter. First quarter 2020 consolidated GAAP earnings were $0.68 per share compared
to $0.62 per share in 2019. In the first quarter of 2020, GAAP earnings were adjusted for depreciation
expense that would have been recorded in the quarter related to the New York subsidiary assets having
not been classified for accounting purposes as assets held for sale. Also 2019 GAAP earnings were
adjusted for a reduction in the settlement liability related to the Freedom Industries chemical spill.
Excluding these 2 adjustments, earnings per share as adjusted increased $0.06 per share or 9.8% driven
primarily by growth in the regulated business.

The regulated business segment results increased $0.08 per share or an increase of 13.6% compared to
2019 earnings. The market-based business results increased $0.01 per share. And the parent company
decreased $0.03 per share compared to 2019 primarily reflecting higher interest expense to support
growth in the business.

Moving on Slide 13. Regulated operations increased $0.08 per share in total. We saw a $0.14 per share
increase from additional authorized revenue and surcharges to support infrastructure investment,
acquisition and organic growth.

O&M expense increased $0.06 per share and depreciation increased $0.03 per share, both to support
regulated acquisitions and growth. Also, results reflect a $0.03 per share benefit primarily related to lower
pension expense from a higher assumed return on assets used to set expense for 2020.

The Market-Based Businesses first quarter result increased compared to 2019 primarily by the Homeowner
Services Group's organic growth and contract price increases. Also, as Walter already mentioned, we
expect Joint Base San Antonio and the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York to resume
operations by the second quarter of 2020.

And finally, the parent results decreased $0.03 per share primarily reflecting higher interest expense to
support growth in the regulated business.

Moving on to Slide 14. The Regulated Businesses received $53 million in annualized new revenue in 2020.
This includes $18 million from step increases and $35 million from infrastructure surcharges. We have also
filed requests and are awaiting final orders on 4 rate cases and 3 infrastructure surcharge proceedings for
a total annualized revenue request of $224 million. The continued successful execution of our regulatory
strategy is a key element of our ability to consistently deliver on these financial results.

And before I wrap up on Slide 15, let me add a few additional thoughts related to the expected
implications of COVID-19. First, as it relates to demand for our services, American Water has a
predominantly residential customer base. Residential revenues including bulk sales are about 69%.
Commercial is 21% mostly in the food and beverage sector. And industrial is only 4% of our total revenue.
Our very early indications are that our residential load is higher, and our commercial and industrial loads
are trending down as business close -- businesses closed and certain other slowdowns occur.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Disconnections and late fees have been suspended and disconnection notices have stopped as Walter
mentioned earlier. We have also reconnected customers previously disconnected for nonpayment and
suspended reconnection fees. This is critical to our customers as they work through this difficult situation,
and we currently don't expect the impact of this temporary measure to be material. It's too early to tell
how customers' overall ability to pay will be impacted by COVID-19, so estimating uncollectible accounts
exposure to this risk is not yet possible.

As is evidenced by regulatory actions across the country to date, we expect issues like this will be
addressed timely and certainly in future rate cases at the very least. We will work closely with regulators
in our jurisdictions on how the cost of this pandemic will be treated for recovery purposes.

As Walter mentioned, we invested capital of $457 million in the first quarter of 2020 to better serve our
customers. At this point, we believe our regularly scheduled capital projects will continue as planned,
perhaps with some slowdowns that could be made up later in the year. So I don't believe we'll have any
adjustments to our 2020 CapEx levels at this time.

We continue to monitor our key suppliers and today have had no major disruptions to our supply chain.
Our key distributors are reporting an excess inventory of materials like pipes, valves, hydrates, couplings.
And our chemical providers are meeting our needs and are reporting those shortages as of this point.

As we think about the impact of COVID-19 on our Market-Based Businesses, for military services, O&M
operations currently continue as normal subject to each installation's individual requirement. As you know,
our services are deemed essential. So we continue to do what the Department of Defense has hired us to
do, which is to deliver safe, clean and reliable water to our military-based partners.

For Homeowner Services, while development of new partner relationships may be delayed for a while, we
believe we can maintain our customer base during periods of economic downturn. And that homeowners
really do see value in these products that protect them against large unexpected expenses.

And perhaps maybe one final comment before I talk about how we've addressed liquidity. I'd simply
mention that our pension plans were funded at just over 80% as of year-end 2019. And though there has
been much volatility in the equity markets as you all know, I'd remind you that the pension obligation
remeasurement will be done at the end of 2020.

Moving to Slide 16 as it relates liquidity. Obviously, the COVID-19 pandemic has caused a great deal
of uncertainty and volatility in the debt capital markets. And like many others, we experienced some
constraints in the commercial paper market, and we have now seen a large -- a general loosening in that
area. We've been focused on liquidity since the situation really accelerated. In addition to our existing
$2.25 billion revolving credit facility that supports working capital needs and capital spending, on March
20, we entered into a $750 million 364-day term loan at a very favorable rate of LIBOR plus 80 basis
points. And we have drawn on that term loan at $500 million, and we're holding that amount in cash
currently.

As part of our planned financing for 2020, we executed on the issuance of $1 billion in long-term debt on
April 14. The issue consisted of $500 million in 2.8% coupon senior notes due 2030 and $500 million in
3.45% coupon senior notes due 2050. The proceeds from the long-term debt issuance were used primarily
to repay outstanding commercial paper obligations and outstanding draws against our revolving credit
facility. We're confident we have sufficient liquidity available for the foreseeable future, with $2.8 billion
available at the end of April.

Moving on to Slide 17, let me summarize now. As Walter said, we expect our 2020 adjusted EPS to be in
the range of $3.79 to $3.89 per share, which is consistent with the guidance range we last announced in
February 2020 and which should have been identified as an adjusted guidance range at that time. Our
2020 GAAP earnings guidance range is $3.85 to $3.95 per share. The difference of $0.06 relates to the
expected annual depreciation on the New York subsidiary assets, which have been presented as assets
held for sale. With the accounting treatment of assets held for sale, GAAP requires the depreciation fees
on those assets, and the only adjustment currently anticipated between our expected GAAP results and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

our expected adjusted earnings per share result is that $0.06 of depreciation expense. We have reflected
$0.01 per share of that in the first quarter reconciliation of GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS.

As Walter also mentioned, we are affirming our long-term earnings compounded annual growth rate
expectation on an earnings per share basis of a range of 7% to 10% while investing capital in the range
of $8.8 billion to $9.4 billion over the next 5 years. The decades of capital investment need continue and
drives our $20 billion to $22 billion of investment over the next 10 years.

The fragmented water and wastewater landscape continues to provide what we see as a growing pipeline
for acquisition. The capital-light Market-Based Businesses continue to increase customer experience
and generate cash. And simply put, our business model and resulting investment thesis is built on
fundamentals. And though all segments of the economy are being impacted by this crisis, we see our
business as quite resilient, and we have built it in a way to endure challenges like this.

Finally, moving on to Slide 18. While working through these very difficult and turbulent times, we continue
to deliver strong consolidated results. Our total company consolidated actual return on equity is 10.6%
for the 12 months ended March 31, 2020. Regulatory execution, along with strong results from our
market-based businesses, allows us to consistently deliver on our earnings commitment. We believe that
delivering on results combined with our strong earnings growth and superior dividend growth expectations
continue to provide excellent value for our investors.

We continue to be a top leader in dividend growth. With our announced increase in the dividend of 10%,
we have grown our dividend at a compound annual growth rate of approximately 10% or more over the
last 5 years. And we expect to continue that growth well into the 7% to 10% range. Also, we continue to
target a dividend payout ratio of 50% to 60% of earnings.

And with that, let me simply turn it back to Walter for a few additional remarks.

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Susan. It’s been a month since I've had the honor of leading this company as CEO. I want to
take a moment to thank all the employees of American Water. Their response to the current health crisis
has been simply incredible. Not only are we providing essential services while keeping safety as our top
priority, we've invested in our water and wastewater systems; welcomed new customers through closed
acquisitions; and worked with state leaders, regulators and other key officials. We've also had a significant
increase in customer satisfaction. We've achieved all this since the beginning of the year.

Our company will emerge strong from this COVID-19 pandemic. How we've worked together throughout
this crisis will have a lasting positive impact on our culture of trust and teamwork. I personally can't wait
to once again get out to our business, to our plants, to our operating centers, to our call centers and say
thanks to our employees. They're simply the best.
And with that, we're happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Maybe -- I appreciate all the color. Just any quantifiable trends? I know it's early on the regulated side
in terms of -- you mentioned residential demand being higher, and commercial and industrial perhaps
slower. But any quantifiable trends on the -- into April in your regulated subsidiaries? And then also are
you seeing any nonpayments or no payments in your Market-Based Businesses? I know it's early on, but
any color you could provide, I'd appreciate it.

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Okay, Durgesh. Susan, you want to take that? And then I'll jump in at the end.

M. Susan Hardwick
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Let me make just a few comments, Durgesh. And again, I would reiterate it is early. And as we think
about across all of our jurisdictions, the various states implemented restrictions and stay-at-home orders
at different times. So obviously depending on when that occurred in each of our jurisdictions, that's going
to impact when we really started to see a shift in demand expectations.

I'd again reiterate what I said in our prepared remarks. Roughly 70% of our load is residential. And as
you can imagine, obviously folks are at home. So we are seeing in our early data that residential sales are
up. And again, I hesitate to quantify it because it's still so early. In some cases, we may have 6 weeks'
worth of demand data. In other cases, we may only have 3 or 4 weeks, again depending on when those
measures were put in place. And in some cases, we have real-time meters, some cases we don't, so we
have to wait until we have actual billing data. But we certainly are seeing residential usage up.

On the commercial side, again it depends on the jurisdiction and it depends on the mix of customers in
a particular state. But as you can imagine, commercial is trending down because of business closures,
restaurants closing, et cetera.

And on the industrial side, while in a particular state it could be a material change, and I'll give you an
example in Kentucky. We've got a large plant there, an auto manufacturer. So in the state of Kentucky,
we're seeing a pretty substantial decline in industrial sales because of the concentration there. But overall,
our industrial sales makeup is only about 4% of our total.

So again, as you sort of roll all that together, residential is up. The other 2 are down. Our current thinking
is that they may tend to offset each other. But I think it also depends on how long this goes. It depends on
sort of a variety of factors in each of the jurisdictions. So again, I'm not getting direct until you quantify it,
but hopefully a bit more color there is helpful.

On the collections side, again I'd say it's too early to really see much on the regulated side. And we
certainly haven't seen anything on the market-based side either that gives us immediate concern about
collection. On the market-based side in particular, I don't think we expect much in the way of difficulties
there. Again, we think customers appreciate and are willing to sort of stay with these programs because
it helps them avoid unexpected future expenditures. So we're quite confident we'll be able to retain
customers, and with that goes the ability to collect on the fees under those contracts.

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Yes. And I think the key to the usage, again back to what Susan was talking about is when do these states
get back to normal, when do they start opening up a lot of the commercial establishments and industrial.
And obviously we're tracking that very closely as we work with the governors' offices and our plans and
working with them.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. That's super helpful, guys. And then maybe just can you update us on the timing of the New York
American Water sale? Is that still expected to close, I believe it is late this year? Is that still on track?

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We're still moving forward with the sale. There's no delay in the regulatory process. We're working
very well with Liberty. And we expect to close on that late this year or early in 2021, Durgesh.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. And then just final one for me, I apologize. In terms of just some of your peers have talked about
O&M savings, Walter and Susan, just folks staying home, less mileage expense, less expenses in general
travel, meals, et cetera. Are you seeing that? And is it sort of what was the experience, I guess? Maybe
it's still early to tell but any color into what you might have seen versus your original plan year-to-date in
terms of those expense savings?

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Well, let me start and then I'll hand it off to Susan. I mean Durgesh, as you know in my prepared remarks
and over the years, we focus very closely on O&M expenses. And so that's part of our culture. We're going
to continue to do that. We're going to continue to drive O&M expenses down, so that when we invest,
we're asking our customers to pay for that investment and not the O&M cost. So again, it's part of our
culture, we just -- it's embedded. Everybody understands it. And that's again the continued focus that
we're going to have in this business, just -- not just during the pandemic as you know. So I'll ask Susan
for additional comments.

M. Susan Hardwick
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think Walter, you're right on target. The only thing I would add maybe just as a specific example,
and you mentioned travel was one, obviously we've implemented no travel across all of our jurisdictions.
But what you might not be thinking about is added PPE that we've added for all of our employees,
including office employees. So there's added expense there while we may have saved in other areas.

So the bigger picture is we are still on target for our earnings expectations for the year. And I think our
ability to navigate all the variables and the result is our expectations remain the same. I think that gives
you a pretty good indication of how we're managing.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Super, guys. And Walter, your first quarter as CEO, congrats on a very solid quarter.

Operator

Our next question will come from Richard Verdi with Coker & Palmer.

Richard A. Verdi
Coker & Palmer Investment Securities, Inc., Research Division

Walter, I just wanted to say congrats on your first call as CEO of the company. I think it was great so far.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Rich.

Richard A. Verdi
Coker & Palmer Investment Securities, Inc., Research Division

Sure, my pleasure.

I just wanted to start very quickly with the military operation. Typically, a turnaround on new contracts can
take 12 to 18 months, and it's the same with your peers obviously. And so it just seems kind of quick of a
turnaround that we're going to start to see work being done here in the second quarter of 2020. And I was
just wondering if you could talk a little bit about what made that turnaround so quick, and when we could
start to maybe see positive impact on the financials from such turnaround?

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Yes. On our 2 new bases, we've been in transition services since we got the award. And we work very well
at both installations with Joint Base San Antonio and West Point showing the value to the communities.
And we're going to be starting full operations, as I said in my prepared remarks, in the second quarter.
So I think it's the trust and confidence that they have in our Military Services Group to take over their
water and wastewater systems and do it in a professional and an amazing way as our group does with our
Military Services Group.

So again, we're really proud to have those 2 new installations, particularly West Point, one of the most
important military installations in the country. I'm a graduate of West Point, right? I'd like to say that.

But no, we're really proud of our Military Services Group. They've developed a tremendous reputation in
brand with the government. And I think it's the confidence that they have in our group that has moved
those forward as quickly as we have.

Richard A. Verdi
Coker & Palmer Investment Securities, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then kind of a follow-up to that. What sort of indication has the company received on potential
delays in new awards in new bases being awarded because of the COVID crisis? Has there any at all? Or
what's kind of going on there?

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So we're in 5 active solicitations right now, and we expect still this year to hear on 3 of those. So
we're not seeing any measurable delay on behalf of the government in moving those forward.

Richard A. Verdi
Coker & Palmer Investment Securities, Inc., Research Division

Okay, okay, perfect. And then for the municipal acquisition front, do you think that COVID could cause --
I mean what's the feeling internally there where COVID causes municipalities to somewhat become cash
strapped and maybe accelerate the sale of their water systems to American Water?

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Well, we believe looking at the impact that COVID-19 crisis is going to have on communities, that there
are going to be a lot of municipalities that are facing financial challenges. And so when you look at
the efforts that we've put in already over the years of building our pipeline, and again our pipeline is
650,000 customer connections, we've worked on fair market value legislation. We worked on water quality
accountability legislation. And when you really add this COVID-19 crisis in, we think it will have an impact

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

on the number of communities that we're having discussions with so we're being able to show what we
can do in providing solutions for them. We do think it's going to have an impact on those discussions,
absolutely.

Richard A. Verdi
Coker & Palmer Investment Securities, Inc., Research Division

Okay, great. And then just -- driving on just the last question here, when you look at the guidance for the
year of $3.79 to $3.89, and you look into the model and you also think back to the Analyst Day of how the
company now intends to issue equity at some point over the next 5 years, debt to capital is targeted to
come down to the 59% to 61 -- to 60% range over time. And then we have a CapEx plan and then there's
also COVID now.

And at least in my model when you start to bring down diluted earnings per share below that $3.79 figure
into the low $3.70s, the flow-through impact of that is that your cash, your operating cash drops. And you
either need to make up for that by issuing debt which will increase your debt to total capital, before you
issue more equity which could possibly dilute the EPS growth rate, or you peel back on Capex. And no one
knows what -- I mean you guys are doing a great job obviously so far, but no one knows, right? It could
go on for a long time. It could be really unfavorable.

So let's just assume a doomsday scenario. What would be the -- where would the company look to try
to remedy the situation but also try to keep the long-term growth guidance in range? Does the company
say, okay, we're going to let our debt ratios maybe kind of list at risk of further credit downgrades? Why
don't we issue more equity? Do we peel back Capex? I mean I'm sure you guys have kind of ran scenarios
internally there. What's kind of a doomsday scenario, what would a strategy if that were to occur?

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Okay. I think Susan, you want to take that one?

M. Susan Hardwick
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Rich, there's a lot in that question obviously, and I'd start with just simply saying that where we are
today we are confident in our ability to hit all of the various targets we've laid out. And I think we said
that sort of throughout our remarks, we, like I'm sure everyone has done a variety of scenarios in sort of
worst-case, best-case types of analysis. And that's just good financial planning.

I would say to you that as you outlined them in all of your remarks, we would have many levers to pull.
And I'm probably not going to comment beyond that. I just think the strength of the balance sheet and
the strength of our credit, the diversity of our operations, there's a whole variety of things about our
business model that are set up in a way that makes it possible for us to navigate through situations like
this. I made the comment in my remarks that, again we're built on fundamentals and believe this is a very
resilient business, and I believe that to be absolutely true. So to the extent we've got to look at different
approaches to manage whatever crisis come along, I'm confident in our ability to do so.

Richard A. Verdi
Coker & Palmer Investment Securities, Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's great color. And I just actually have one more question. I'll wrap it up with this. Can you guys
just refresh my memory again, please? With the $3.79 to $3.89 guidance, assuming that was created
around a magic number of an expectation of $3.84 for the end of the year, the midpoint of the guidance,
what must happen for -- from that $3.84 for actually $3.79 to be reported? What would need to happen to
have that low-end of the guidance to be reported?

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Susan, you want to take that? I mean mostly, it's a weather impact as you know.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

M. Susan Hardwick
Executive VP & CFO

Right. Yes. That's all I would say. Yes, I just think just variables like that, that are beyond our control.
And that's why we give a range to be able to account for things like that. So I think weather would be the
largest potential impact.

Operator

Our next question will come from Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo.

Jonathan Garrett Reeder
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

It was nice for Susan to step aside, right, when a pandemic was coming down the pike towards you, right?

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Timing is everything, isn't it, Jonathan?

Jonathan Garrett Reeder
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

It is, it is. I know you said you expect constructive treatment. But are any of your largest states like PA or
New Jersey, Illinois taken concrete action with respect to the treatment recovery of incremental COVID-19
costs?

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Susan, you want to...

M. Susan Hardwick
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, and I'm going to get to sort of an analysis here. We've done -- we've actually obviously been active
with regulators across all of the jurisdictions monitoring their actions. And then we've certainly developed
our own strategy on how we would approach. But we know for certain that California, Maryland, Virginia
have addressed. They've already issued orders on cost deferrals. We had pending proceedings in Illinois
and Iowa to do similarly. And we have discussions ongoing in every state but Hawaii. It's easier to
probably say the ones that we don't have. So active discussions or actions already taken across our
jurisdictions.

Jonathan Garrett Reeder
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's great. And then, Walter, can you maybe talk about the calculus on your end as well as the
feedback in the states where you have major rate requests pending? I think your plan on filing another
major rate case yet this year, and I forgot if it's Missouri or Illinois. But any apprehension with being in for
rates when many customers are facing these economic hardships? You've seen some companies kind of
defer filing requests or extend out the time line, stuff like that. But it sounds like for you guys, it's kind of
full steam ahead in some regards.

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Jonathan, let me say first that we're very sensitive to the situation that our customers are facing right
now. We've been investing, as you know, significant amounts in our systems, and this is really getting a
recovery in that investment. And if you look to Pennsylvania, I know we did file last week, but those rates
will not be effective for 8 to 10 months. So we took that into consideration as we made that decision. New
Jersey was already filed in December, so we continue to work with the commission on that. And in Virginia
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

and California, the same. But we did look at that very closely. But again because of the timing, we felt like
filing now for an outcome that's in 2021 is a reasonable decision on our behalf.

M. Susan Hardwick
Executive VP & CFO

And Walter, I might just add to that we certainly are working closely with regulators around this very
question. And we have not received direction or signals really from regulators that we should not proceed
sort of as usual. So that's a different answer than customer considerations. It's really just also taking into
account what regulators are expecting, and we've not really been pushed to delay the normal process so
far.

Jonathan Garrett Reeder
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

That's helpful information. And then the last question, really just on the military front, do you expect
any new bases will be awarded through the RFP process later this year to either AWK or one of your
competitors?

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Yes, that's right, Jonathan. We -- of the 5 that we're pursuing, all indications are they'll award 3 this year.

Jonathan Garrett Reeder
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. Well, good luck on getting those and looking forward to the update. And stay safe and strong
through the pandemic.

Operator

This will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to
Walter Lynch for any closing remarks.

Walter J. Lynch
President, CEO & Director

Well, thank you all for participating in our call today. Please know that we value you as investor-owners
and as the financial analysts who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their futures.
We always want to be open and transparent in all our discussions and dealings with you, so you have the
confidence in your decisions around our company and investments in our stock. If we've not been able to
address your question or if you have additional questions, please call Ed and Ralph, and they'll be happy
to help.

Stay safe, and thanks again for listening. Have a nice day, everybody.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. And you may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

