Amgen Inc. NasdaqGS:AMGN
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 30, 2020 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

3.75

4.17

Revenue  (mm)

6006.32

6161.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-30-2020 10:13 PM GMT

11.20

2.58

3.91

15.34

16.96

6238.80

25205.21

26290.36

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.58

3.53

3.42

3.75

3.97

3.66

3.64

4.17

10.89 %

3.68 %

6.43 %

11.20 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Arvind Sood
Vice President of Investor
Relations

David M. Reese
Executive Vice President of
Research & Development

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial
Operations

Peter H. Griffith
Executive VP & CFO

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

ANALYSTS

Evan David Seigerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Geoffrey Craig Porges
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Jay Olson
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Kennen B. MacKay
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Michael Werner Schmidt
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Yaron Benjamin Werber
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Carter Lewis Gould
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christopher Joseph Raymond
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Cory William Kasimov
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Dane Vincent Leone
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Mohit Bansal
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Nicholas M. Abbott
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Salim Qader Syed
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

My name is Ian, and I'll be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's First Quarter 2020 Financial
Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now
begin.

Arvind Sood
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Thanks, Ian. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our Q1 call. I hope you and your
families are staying safe. We are

[Audio Gap]

with the COVID-19 pandemic. I know I speak on behalf of all my colleagues at Amgen when I say that it's
a source of great pride that we work in an industry that can be a part of the solution.

Before we start, I would like to recognize those who are new in their coverage of Amgen, including Tim
Anderson of Wolfe Research, Carter Gould of Barclays and Michael Schmidt of Guggenheim. Welcome.

Over the past few weeks, I've talked with many of you, and you have expressed concerns and posed
questions about how this COVID pandemic will impact our business, including supply chain, clinical trials,
commercial operations and growth outlook. As our growth outlook will be defined by how these variables
unfold in the future, we have modified the order of presenters today, so you can get a good sense of how
we are dealing with the uncertainties and remedial actions we are taking to run our business effectively.

Our CEO, Bob Bradway, will commence the call with some opening comments, followed by our Head of
R&D, Dave Reese, who will provide a pipeline update. Our Head of Commercial operations, Murdo Gordon,
will give you a state of the business. And then our CFO, Peter Griffith, will bring it all together by helping
you understand what all this means in terms of our growth outlook.

By the way, consistent with the recommendations for social distancing, we are all in different locations
today. So please bear with us as we are doing the best we can.

Just a quick reminder that we'll use non-GAAP financial measures in today's presentation, and some of
the statements will be forward-looking statements. I would direct you to our 10-K and subsequent filings
which identify factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially.

So with that, I would like to turn the call over to Bob. Bob?

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Okay. Good afternoon, everyone. I want to acknowledge upfront that this has been an extraordinary
quarter for all of us: global pandemic, economic disruption like none of us have seen before and, of
course, financial volatility that has been dizzying at times. But I hope you're keeping well, and we're
certainly grateful to you for joining the call.

[Audio Gap]

results. We're managing through the COVID disruption quite well and feel we're operating from a
position of strength with a healthy balance sheet, a strong portfolio of products, and an organization
that has proven itself time and again to be innovative, resilient and able to adapt quickly to changing
circumstances.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

I want to take a few moments to share how we've been responding to COVID-19, and then we can dive
into the details of the first quarter and what we see for the remainder of the year. And we've mobilized
our company around 4 priorities: first, taking care of our staff, our 23,000 staff around the world; second,
continuing to serve patients with an uninterrupted supply of our commercial and clinical medicines; third,
leveraging our core genetics, immunology and antibody expertise in the fight against COVID-19; and
finally, supporting the communities where we live and work.

Our first priority from the beginning of the pandemic has been to ensure the safety of our people and their
families. To encourage social distancing, Amgen staff worldwide are mostly working from home now. We're
encouraged that in a few markets, conditions have improved to the point where we've begun returning our
people to the workplace, and we hope to expand our back-to-the-workplace activities in the coming

[Audio Gap]

I would also note that about 1/4 of our staff are engaged in essential manufacturing and R&D activities
that have required them to continue coming to the workplace every day. We're taking every possible
measure to keep these employees safe, and we're grateful to them for their commitments to patients and
to our business. All our staff are performing really well, as you can see from our results.

At a time when health care systems around the world are being stretched to their limits, we're committed
to working collaboratively with our partners in the health care ecosystem. We need to make sure that
we're both responding to COVID-19 and meeting the ongoing needs of other seriously ill patients

[Audio Gap]

health care crisis that we as a society never intended. From a supply chain perspective, we've not
experienced any significant disruptions, and we don't currently anticipate any shortages of our medicines
due to COVID-19.

With respect to clinical trials, our pivotal studies, including for AMG 510, Otezla, tezepelumab and
omecamtiv mecarbil are fully enrolled and expected to read out this year, as previously announced.
Other programs such as our BeiGene oncology have also continued to progress, and we're encouraged
by the accumulating data there. Where programs have been interrupted by the COVID pandemic, we're
busy making plans to get them restarted as soon as appropriate from a patient safety and regulatory
perspective.

By now, it's clear that overcoming this pandemic will require innovative science. While the virus may have
gotten the jump on us at the outset, the good news is that the community of innovative biopharmaceutical
companies is moving at a speed and scale never seen before, and we're gaining ground on the virus with
each passing day. While our research does not include antivirals, we have a role to play in this battle,
leveraging our genetics, immunology and antibody expertise to do so.

As previously announced, we're harnessing the molecular epidemiology work done by our deCODE
subsidiary and working with our partners at Adaptive Biotechnologies to develop an antibody to prevent or
treat COVID-19. If we're successful, our industry-leading manufacturing capabilities will play an important
role in helping us meet the needs of patients.

In addition, based on its mechanism of action, Otezla might help prevent the respiratory distress seen in
late-stage COVID patients. As Dave Reese will explain in a moment, we'll be exploring this question in
clinical trials imminently.

We've long prioritized being a good citizen within the health care ecosystem and within the communities
where we live and work.

[Audio Gap]

by COVID-19 has been devastating for many. While we certainly have been impacted by the pandemic at
Amgen, we recognize that we're in a fortunate position, and we're committed to doing our part to help
during this time of need. Toward that end, the Amgen Foundation is supporting COVID-19 in a variety of
ways, with a focus on communities where we have a significant presence. To give you just one example,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

we donated testing equipment in Ventura County, our home county, that effectively has doubled the
testing capacity for COVID-19 here.

Looking forward, we're confident in the future. We were in a strong position heading into the COVID-19
pandemic, and we expect to stay strong as we come through the other side of this. We remain focused on
delivering sustained long-term growth, and we're confident in our outlook for that. As I've already noted,
we have a number of important innovative medicines advancing in our pipeline, and the key programs
remain on track from a timing perspective.

Our integration of Otezla has been seamless. In Japan, we have now successfully completed the
integration of our Astellas partnership. And we're already well advanced and collaborating effectively with
our colleagues at BeiGene in China. All this gives me confidence that we're executing effectively around
the world despite the challenges of COVID-19. Finally,

[Audio Gap]

a fact that will enable us to continue our capital allocation principles, which to remind you are to invest in
innovation internally and externally while returning significant capital to our shareholders.

Though the pandemic is still very fluid, and to be sure, the first few weeks of April have clearly shown
some signs of disruption, the combination of our results from the first quarter and our expectation of an
improving outlook for global health care activity give us confidence that the guidance we provided earlier
in the year still incorporates the likely range of outcomes for our business in 2020. Peter will give you
more color on this shortly.

Amgen's strength has always come from its people. Like me, they believe in the power of science to make
a difference in the world. We often talk about this being the biocentury, the golden age of innovation for
biology. We may have met our challenge of the century in SARS-CoV-2, but I hope, however bleak this
pandemic may seem at times, that all of you share our optimism that this virus will ultimately yield to
the relentless efforts of the biopharmaceutical industry and wrestle it to ground. I'm proud of the team at
Amgen for coming together to support each other and all those we serve during such a challenging time.
I'm proud also of the work we are doing with our industry colleagues to tackle the COVID-19 challenge.

With that, let me turn over to Dave Reese, who will provide a pipeline update. Dave?

David M. Reese
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone.

In light of the evolving COVID-19 epidemic, the structure of today's R&D update will differ from my usual
approach. Some of the first quarter highlights can be found within our press release and accompanying
presentation, and, of course, I'll be happy to address questions on any other aspects of our pipeline
following our general comments. I don't have to tell you that we're in the midst of the biggest public
health crisis of our lifetimes, which presents unprecedented challenges in patient care and clinical
development. Therefore, today, my comments will focus primarily on our R&D operations and clinical trial
execution in the current environment, where our first principle is to ensure the safety and well-being of
patients and health care providers taking part in our clinical trials.

With respect to key late-stage trials that are scheduled to read out this year, we have been working
closely with our collaborators at AstraZeneca and Cytokinetics on the execution of our pivotal studies
for tezepelumab and omecamtiv mecarbil, respectively, both of which have completed enrollment. We
currently do not expect any significant delays and continue to expect completion of these studies this year.
We believe we will have high-quality data from both of these trials.

This is also the case with our potentially pivotal Phase II monotherapy study for AMG 510, now known as
sotorasib, in advanced non-small cell lung cancer, which is also fully enrolled. As I mentioned last quarter,
we will be collecting at least 6 months of response data in these patients and continue to expect these
results later this year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

I would note that the Phase III trial of Otezla in mild to moderate psoriasis also remains on track, and we
expect data from that study in the coming weeks.

As previously disclosed, we have temporarily paused enrollment in clinical trials where there is uncertainty
around the ability of sites to ensure subject safety or data integrity. Patients already enrolled in our
studies continue to receive study drug, and we remain focused on supporting our clinical investigators
to ensure appropriate care of these patients in a safe manner consistent with clinical site and agency
guidelines. We're actively working with regulators and implemented study procedures as appropriate
that are consistent with the recent FDA guidelines, including remote monitoring, virtual follow-up,
alternative locations for assessment and home delivery of investigational product. We continue to make
decisions study-by-study and site-by-site to minimize risk to the patients and facilities and to maintain
trial integrity.

For example, enrollment continues in certain studies where there is the potential for significant benefit in
a serious life-threatening conditions and where site resources allow new patients to be safely enrolled and
closely monitored. Such trials include but are not -- certainly not limited to our HL, or half-life, extended
BiTE programs targeting BCMA, DLL3 and PSMA. And we look forward to sharing data from these studies
later this year.

In other studies, such as our sotorasib Phase I combination study with KEYTRUDA and the Phase III
confirmatory study, where we have paused enrollment to ensure patient safety, time lines may be
impacted, and I'll provide updates as the situation develops and we gain more clarity. There is ongoing
interest from investigators to provide their patients' access to investigational therapies with potential for
significant benefit. And we are working to continue study start-up activities for sotorasib and across our
entire portfolio to allow rapid site activation. We look forward to resuming enrollment in past studies and
initiating subjects enrollment in new studies over the coming weeks and months as soon as it is safe and
feasible to do so.

As we look forward to this year's clinical study readouts, we will be working with representatives of
medical conferences and journals to ensure continued dissemination of important data to the medical
community in a peer-reviewed environment as we anticipate that many congresses will be virtual through
the end of 2020. In any case, we have provided -- we are committed to providing data updates in a timely
manner. We're also continuing to prioritize programs across our preclinical and clinical portfolios, as you
might expect. For instance, based on the progress of our half-life extended BiTE molecules, we have
stopped development of the first-generation continuous infusion, PSMA and BCMA BiTE programs.

In research, essential work has continued, and we are beginning to ramp laboratory activities across the
organization as the situation safely permits in various geographies. I'm also pleased to report that our
BeiGene collaboration is on track. And this quarter, we have begun to transition certain functional activities
to BeiGene, including nonpromotional activities on the 3 in-line products and some local regulatory
responsibilities in China.

I'd like to close by saying a few words about how we are leveraging our expertise in therapeutic antibody
development and immunology in the fight against COVID-19. Our recently announced collaboration
with Adaptive Biotechnologies to identify and develop neutralizing antibodies to the coronavirus from
the recovered COVID-19 patients is now actively underway. We view Adaptive's world-class expertise
in immune profiling, combined with Amgen's expertise in immunology and antibody engineering and
manufacturing, as a unique opportunity to contribute to what is an unprecedented industry response to
this pandemic. We are working intently to identify the highest-quality therapeutic candidates as fast as we
can, and we'll take advantage of frequent interactions offered by regulatory authorities. In our view, there
will likely be more than one generation of antibody therapeutics, and our aim is to develop the highest
possible quality candidates.

In addition to our efforts to develop a therapeutic antibody, we have also been engaged in discussions
with multiple groups conducting platform trials in COVID-19 and anticipate that Otezla will enter the clinic
in the coming weeks to be investigated as a potential immunomodulatory treatment in adult patients
with the disease. Finally, we are contributing actively to collaborative efforts to advance therapeutics for
COVID-19, including ACTIV, the public-private partnership with the NIH.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

I want to close by acknowledging our staff who are working tirelessly and selflessly under these
challenging circumstances to deliver for our patients. Their commitment and execution have been
exemplary, and I can't thank them enough.

I'd now like to turn things over to Murdo Gordon.

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone.

We started the year with strong volume-driven growth of 15% on a global basis, with 10% in the U.S. and
32% ex U.S. Growth was generated broadly across our portfolio of newer products, more than offsetting
declines in our mature brands. Given the unprecedented nature of the COVID-19 pandemic, I want to start
by sharing our views on how disruptions in the global health care system may impact our business, and
then I'll walk through what we're seeing at the product level and what actions we are taking.

Like others in our sector, we're seeing varying degrees of impact from COVID-19 across our portfolio
as physician-patient interactions are interrupted. These reduced interactions have led to some delays
in diagnosis and treatment, which in turn reduces new patient starts. Data from IQVIA suggests that
patient office visits have declined by over 50%, although some of this is being offset by telemedicine and
telehealth services. Data also show that some patients refilled prescriptions early and that there was a
modest benefit of approximately $100 million from inventory in the quarter. Finally, increased utilization
of patient affordability programs and changes in segment mix due to increased U.S. unemployment could
negatively impact U.S. net prices.

Treatments like Prolia that require in-office administration by a health care provider have been negatively
impacted. On the other hand, the product like Otezla may benefit given that it provides a convenient oral
option for patients compared with injectable or IV biologics, some of which require monitoring. Despite
this disruption, our teams are responding to customer needs via remote interactions. We're identifying
innovative solutions to help patients, and we're supplying products reliably and consistently.

Now let me review some product details, beginning with Prolia on Slide 12. Prolia grew 10% year-over-
year from higher volume. Strong demand growth in January and February was consistent with prior years.
In March, we began to see a negative impact on Prolia in-office injections and have since observed a
substantial step-down in utilization versus prior years. In more recent weeks, we're beginning to see
signs of stabilization, and we'll be able to provide more clarity on this when we report our Q2 results in
July. The importance of treating osteoporosis in patients who are at high risk of fractures is critical. Our
teams are working to address continuity of care issues and exploring novel solutions such as alternate
sites of care, mobile nurse-administered injections, prescription fills at specialty and retail pharmacies.
We're also working with policymakers and advocacy organizations to address treatment challenges in this
environment.

Moving to Evenity, which launched in Japan and the U.S. in the first half of 2019. Evenity posted $100
million in sales during the first quarter driven by continued uptick. In Japan, which represents roughly
2/3 of Evenity sales, we've attained shares similar to those of established anabolic therapies. In the U.S.,
we saw an acceleration in demand trends with improvements in persistence in Q1 as clinics gained more
experience. As patients complete their 1-year cycle of therapy with Evenity, we will work with health care
providers to help transition these patients to Prolia. Evenity and Prolia are a complementary set of options
to address the 9 million fractures that occur worldwide in postmenopausal osteoporosis patients. And our
teams are focused on ensuring these patients are not compromised during this pandemic.

Moving to Repatha, we're off to a strong start in 2020. Our efforts over the past 18 months to improve
access and affordability have yielded strong results as Q1 sales grew by 62% year-over-year driven by
98% volume growth versus the same period last year. New-to-brand prescriptions in the U.S. steadily
improved in Q1, growing 51% year-over-year, and we held 80% market share exiting the quarter. As we
presaged in our last earnings call, Part D contracting to improve access and affordability resulted in a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

step-down in Repatha's net selling price in Q1. We expect net selling price to be relatively stable for the
remainder of the year.

On to Aimovig on Slide 15. On a year-over-year basis, net sales grew 20% with underlying volume growth
of 46%. Aimovig remains the market leader with 48% total prescription share. To date, almost 330,000
patients have been prescribed Aimovig by more than 33,000 prescribers. With the recent addition to CVS
national preferred formulary, we now have access to 93% of covered lives, which led to a 19% growth
quarter-over-quarter in new-to-brand prescriptions. Net price was sequentially lower due to expanded
access with CVS and higher co-pay utilization that occurs each year in the first quarter. These factors were
partially offset by the proportion of paid prescriptions increasing to almost 90%, up from 81% in Q4 of
2019.

Next to our inflammation portfolio, starting with Otezla. Integration has been seamless, evidenced by 23%
year-over-year growth driven by volume. These results, coupled with planned label expansion, give us
confidence in our ability to realize the full global potential of Otezla as an affordable option with a very
well-defined efficacy and safety profile. In the current COVID environment, Otezla provides a convenient
oral option for patients. It's conducive to telemedicine and does not require lab monitoring.

Moving to Enbrel. Sales were $1.2 billion in Q1 and included a $70 million year-over-year benefit from
favorable changes in accounting estimates related to sales deductions. Consistent with prior trends,
prescription volumes declined 5% year-over-year. We continue to expect a limited benefit from net selling
price in 2020 versus 2019. In this environment, we're supporting Enbrel's strong continuing base of
patients in maintaining their course of therapy through disruptions and out-of-pocket cost barriers. As you
know, Enbrel has been on the market for over 20 years and does not require routine lab monitoring.

Now to Slide 18. Another contributor to our inflammation franchises, AMGEVITA, which for 3 consecutive
quarters is the #1 adalimumab biosimilar in Europe, recording $86 million of sales in Q1.

Switching to our hematology and oncology business, our innovative portfolio of 6 brands collectively
totaled $1.3 billion in the quarter, growing by 11% year-over-year. Certain products like XGEVA may be
impacted in the current environment due to disruptions in physician-patient interactions. Although others,
including Neulasta's Onpro and our oncology biosimilars MVASI and KANJINTI provide greater value.

Let me highlight some of our larger products. KYPROLIS grew 14% year-over-year, led by a 21% increase
in U.S. sales which was driven by expanded use in second- and third-line multiple myeloma. Neulasta
declined 40% year-over-year. Recall that Q1 of 2019 benefited from a $98 million BARDA order which did
not repeat this quarter.

Onpro continues to be the preferred choice and has held quarter-over-quarter share at 54% despite facing
an additional competitor. The revised NCCN guidelines recommend increased use of G-CSFs to minimize
the risk of febrile neutropenia in cancer patients. Onpro provides a unique value proposition particularly
now as patients can receive their G-CSF treatment without having to return to their site of care.

Our 2 oncology biosimilars, MVASI and KANJINTI, generated $234 million in sales globally in the first
quarter. In the U.S., they sold $108 million and $96 million, respectively, with market shares exiting
Q1 at or above 27%. We continue to see encouraging adoption rates in clinics with hospital adoption
accelerating. These biosimilars are increasingly valuable given the cost savings they provide.

Switching to nephrology, starting on Slide 24. Given the serious nature of end-stage renal disease,
patients require dialysis treatments 3 days per week. Therefore, we're not seeing a meaningful impact on
the use of Amgen medications in these patients that would attribute to COVID-19.

In Q1, EPOGEN sales declined 29% primarily due to lower net selling price from our contractual
commitment with DaVita and approximately $20 million of unfavorable changes in accounting estimates.

Sensipar sales declined 42% year-over-year due to the impact of generic competition. As a reminder,
supplemental patent protection certificates for cinacalcet have now expired in major EU markets, which
could result in a significant decline in ex U.S. sales in 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Parsabiv grew by 39% year-over-year in the first quarter. Independent and midsized dialysis providers
already utilize Parsabiv for a majority of their calcimimetic patients, while FMC and DaVita continue to
increase adoption.

In summary, I'm truly inspired by the entrepreneurial spirit of our employees who are helping patients and
health care providers in this unprecedented time.

And with that, I'd like to turn over to Peter.

Peter H. Griffith
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Murdo. Good afternoon, everyone.

Before reviewing our results and guidance, I would like to take a moment to build on Bob's comments
regarding the unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic and provide additional insights into how we are
responding to and navigating through the associated macroeconomic challenges.

First, we confront these challenges from a position of strength. Our fundamentals are strong. With over
$8 billion of cash and investments and a business that generated $2 billion of free cash flow in the first
quarter, we are in a strong financial

[Audio Gap]

We remain committed to our capital allocation principles, shown on Slide 28, which start with investing in
internal innovation. We will patiently evaluate external business development opportunities that clear our
hurdle rate and are consistent with our areas of therapeutic focus. Our capital expenditures remain a high
priority, including our industry-leading, environmentally friendly, next-generation biomanufacturing facility
in Rhode Island. We will continue to return capital to our shareholders. Our capital allocation principles will
continue to build on our efficient capital structure, which results in an optimal weighted average cost of
capital.

Now I will briefly walk through our first quarter financial results before discussing our 2020 guidance.
The financial results are shown on Slide 29 of the slide deck. The first quarter marked another period of
solid performance as we grew volumes 15%, increased investments in the business and delivered 17%
year-over-year non-GAAP EPS growth. Q1 revenues at $6.2 billion increased 11% year-over-year. In the
quarter, we saw worldwide product sales increased 12% to $5.9 billion as our portfolio transitioned with
strong growth from our newer products outpacing declines in our mature products.

Now onto the rest of the P&L. Total operating expense for the quarter increased 7% year-over-year. For
the full year, we now expect total operating expenses to grow in the high single-digit percentage range
year-over-year on an absolute basis. On a non-GAAP basis, cost of sales as a percent of product sales
decreased by 1.6 percentage points to 13.1% driven primarily by lower manufacturing costs, partially
offset by an increase in milestone expense. For the full year, we continue to expect cost of sales as a
percent of product sales to be generally consistent with 2019.

Research and development expenses of $927 million were 8% higher due to higher spending on Otezla
and AMG 510 partially offset by cost recoveries from our collaboration with BeiGene. For the full year,
we also expect R&D spend on an absolute basis to increase as we invest in our innovative pipeline and
new Otezla indications, with these increases partially offset by R&D recoveries received from our BeiGene
collaboration.

SG&A expenses increased 12%.

[Audio Gap]

Otezla. And for the full year, we continue to expect SG&A spend to increase primarily due to Otezla spend.

Our Q1 non-GAAP operating income at $3.2 billion increased 15% from prior year. Non-GAAP operating
margin was 53.9% for the quarter compared to 52.4% in Q1 of 2019. Other income and expenses were a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

net $335 million expense in Q1. This is unfavorable by $177 million on a year-over-year basis. This year-
over-year change was due to lower interest income on cash balances as well as market fluctuations of
publicly traded securities held in our venture portfolio. We anticipate non-GAAP other income and expense
to be a net expense toward the upper end of the $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion range we previously provided.
Recall that we will begin recording under the equity method of accounting our share of BeiGene's profit or
loss beginning in Q2.

The non-GAAP tax rate decreased 1.8 percentage points versus Q1 2019 to 12.8%. Non-GAAP net income
was [ $2.5 billion ]

[Audio Gap]

17% year-over-year for the first quarter, supported by a 5% reduction in share count versus Q1 2019.

Turning next to cash flow and the balance sheet on Slide 30. During Q1 2020, we generated strong cash
flow, reflecting a diversified portfolio of products coupled with an industry-leading cost structure. Free
cash flow was $2.0 billion in Q1 2020 versus $1.7 billion in Q1 2019. In Q1 2020, we returned a total of
$1.9 billion to shareholders through dividend payments totaling over $900 million and over $900 million
to repurchase 4.3 million shares at an average price of $219 per share. For the remainder of the year,
we plan to maintain our quarterly dividend of $1.60 per share, and we'll execute opportunistic share
repurchases that will result in an amount at the lower end of our previous guidance of $3 billion to $5
billion for 2020.

Cash and investments totaled $8 billion at the end of Q1 2020, a decrease of $18.3 billion from the end
of Q1 2019. This decrease was primarily driven by the Otezla and BeiGene transactions, cash returned to
shareholders in the form of share repurchases

[Audio Gap]

as well as net debt repayments partially offset by free cash flow generated during the period. Additionally,
I note in Q2 2020, we plan to make $1.75 billion payment in debt payment -- debt maturity payments.
We issued $5 billion of long-term debt in February in order to take advantage of market conditions, for
refinancing our long-term debt maturities in 2020 and partially those in 2021. We will continue to be
opportunistic with strong access to capital markets. Debt outstanding at the end of the quarter totaled
$31.8 billion and carries a weighted average interest rate of 3 point --

[Audio Gap]

years.

Turning to the outlook for the business for 2020, starting on Slide 31. Our guidance provided in January
contemplated a broad range of outcomes. Due to the uncertainty related to the COVID-19 impact, we
expect some degree of uncertainty in quarterly revenue and earnings over the year. We currently expect
that we will see the greatest impact later in Q2, with stabilization and then partial recovery occurring
during the second half of the year.

And now turning to Slide 32. We are reaffirming our guidance with a revenue range of $25.0 billion to
$25.6 billion and a non-GAAP EPS range of $14.85 to $15.60. We will be monitoring the business as the
dynamics underlying these assumptions evolve across Q2, and we'll review our latest perspectives with
you at our next earnings call. We are now guiding to capital expenditures of $600 million versus our
prior guidance of $700 million, reflecting a change in the timing of spend rather than a change to our
investment plans. Additionally, we are reaffirming our non-GAAP tax rate guidance of 13.5% to 14.5% for
the full year. This concludes the financial update.

I've been with Amgen a little over 6 months, and it's a privilege to serve patients every day here by
supporting and enabling the Amgen difference. And each day during this COVID-19 disruption, I'm
reminded that innovation is the miracle drug.

With that, I'll turn it back over to Bob for some closing remarks.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President
Well, before my closing remarks, we'll go to Q&A. So let's -- Ian, let's open it up for Q&A and remind our
callers of the process that we'll follow. Thanks.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Jay Olson with Oppenheimer.

Jay Olson
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

And thank you for the work that you're doing to fight the COVID-19 pandemic. I wanted to ask about
the non-GAAP operating margin. It ticked up nicely in the first quarter. And I noticed that you lowered
the OpEx expected growth rate slightly. So I was wondering, how do you expect the operating margin to
evolve over the course of 2020? And do you expect that higher operating margin to be sustainable in a
post COVID-19 world?

Peter H. Griffith
Executive VP & CFO

Jay, thank you for the question. It's a good question. As I indicated, we do project that for the full year,
our total OpEx will grow in the high single-digit percentage range. We are confident in our cost structure
and our productivity work here at Amgen. So I think our operating margin speaks for itself, and we expect
it to be an industry-leading cost margin going forward in 2020. And, of course, we don't give any guidance
beyond 2020 on the margins.

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Just to state the obvious, Jay, we would have liked to have spent more in Q1, but we were getting a little
bit disrupted there, as you know, at the end of the quarter. So we'll see what it's like for the remaining 3
quarters of the year.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research.

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

My question is something that's probably a thorn in your side, which is the ongoing Enbrel patent
challenge, and that's one of the bigger events for the company in 2020, the Appeals Court ruling. And
I'm sure you're confident in your positioning on how that will play out. But these things are never certain,
so I'm wondering if you can just help us describe what plan B would be in the event that Sandoz actually
prevails. As your largest product, I'm guessing you had some sort of contingency plan in place. I know it's
a low probability event, but any perspective would be helpful.

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, Tim, we're not going to go into details on that. Obviously, we continue to feel confident in the
intellectual property around Enbrel, so let's leave it at that for now. Thanks.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Chris Raymond with Piper Sandler.

Christopher Joseph Raymond
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

So I know you guys have talked about the collaboration with Adaptive in your antibody program. But just
there are a lot of folks, I think, that are working on similar sort of purpose-built products, Regeneron,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

[ Sanofi ] and others. I wonder if you could give a little bit more color on what differentiates what you
guys are doing. And maybe also a little more color on time lines in terms of being in the clinic, et cetera.

David M. Reese
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Thanks, Chris, Dave Reese here. I'll take that question. Yes. So as you know, there are a number of
efforts going forward to develop therapeutic antibodies. What we're trying to do, I think, that is potentially
unique here is, number one, combine Adaptive's capabilities in immuno profiling with our immunology and
particularly our genetics work based out of deCODE. Our goal also is to really identify a very high-quality
therapeutic candidate. And it's my belief that there may well be more than one generation of antibody
therapeutics entering the clinic. So as we think about this, we want to balance speed of development,
which, of course, is important, with generating the highest quality candidate. And as work progresses, we
are up and running in the laboratory, but we will provide guidance as -- in terms of clinical time lines as
that work unfolds. But that collaboration is actively proceeding right now.

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Chris, maybe I could just add a comment about manufacturing. Obviously,

[Audio Gap]

protein. We have great expertise, manufacturing at scale. And we think one of the things we can bring to
the party here is our ability to supply a vast number of patients with our antibody.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I guess one for Bob. When you had the first full quarter of Otezla in the mix, and now it looks like you
have a pretty competitive growth profile in the industry from a top and bottom line perspective, so I know
that's obviously fully expected, but does either the growth acceleration or the volatility from COVID affect
your attitude towards BD? I'm just thinking about maybe a step-up in the number of deals or maybe
increasing appetite for larger ones in this environment.

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

I think the environment is pretty fluid still, Geoff, so I wouldn't try to -- I'm not sure I'd like to declare
an answer to your question at the moment but other than to reiterate that -- and we think we're in a
strong position. We've talked about our balance sheet, and we talked about our desire to allocate capital
to our internal innovation as well as the external innovation. And as you know, we're pretty focused on
our strategy, and we'll look to see whether there are things externally that can help us strengthen our
chosen areas. But maybe the other thing I would add just as a way to reiterate my appreciation of my
Amgen colleagues is we had 3 very significant and successful integrations in the first quarter. So it was a
priority for us as a company to get off to a good start with Otezla and with BeiGene and with our Japan
transaction. And we really feel we've done that over the first 4 months of the year, so I feel good about
that.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies.

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Congrats on all the progress and appreciate the color during this tough time. My question was for David.
On AMG 510, of course, you didn't mention you have an update at ASCO. Can you just remind us how to
think about colorectal cancer as a monotherapy? I guess, what was new there? And then excluding lung
and colorectal, there's an update there. Can you just remind us what would be the relevance there? And
then the timing on the combos, which is -- which are not at ASCO, what to think about there and timing?
Appreciate the update.

David M. Reese
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Thanks, Michael. Yes, a series of questions regarding AMG 510. We're continuing to enroll monotherapy
patients with colorectal cancer. And as I've indicated before, we're going to look at those data, I would
say, over the coming few months to determine whether we feel there's an appropriate monotherapy path
forward in colorectal cancer or whether combination therapy is most appropriate. With respect to other
non-lung cancer, non-colorectal cancer indications, we will -- we are -- there are other malignancies such
as a small percentage of pancreatic cancer, appendiceal cancer, endometrial cancer, and we will be able to
provide updates at ASCO on some of those tumors and response data.

And then finally, in terms of the combination therapy trial, these are some of the trials that we -- some of
them we paused because they were either just initiating or had just initiated. We're getting ready to ramp
back up, so I would expect first data, at the earliest, later this year or perhaps the very first part of next
year on those. But we're confident that we're not experiencing significant disruptions across the program
in totality, and we're happy -- we're quite happy actually with its progress.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Maybe a follow-up from me on AMG 510. I know you guys have guided to the Phase II lung cancer data
in the middle part of this year. Just wondering, now as we're closer to the data, if you could share any
perspective on what you view as kind of the efficacy bar here. Is Cyramza the right bar? Or should we
think about higher efficacy here given it's a targeted drug?

David M. Reese
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Thanks, Terence. This is Dave. Yes, in terms of the timing of the data, I'd point out that what we've
indicated is that we want at least 6 months of response data on all patients. And given that the last
patients were enrolled towards the end of the last year, that it takes a month or 2 typically for responses
to develop. You can see that, that pushes it into the second half of the year in terms of when we expect
the data readout. We're absolutely on track, and we're not experiencing any, I would say, substantial
hiccups in the Phase II monotherapy study. We do want robust duration of response and progression-free
survival data as part of that package. And I think those endpoints, along with response rate, to address
the second part of your question, will be an important part of the package in this Phase II monotherapy
study.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Yaron Werber with Cowen.

Yaron Benjamin Werber
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Great. I have an AMG 510 question as well. The Phase III, David, the study obviously is fairly sizable.
It's 650 patients, head-to-head against docetaxel. And I think it kind of drew some questions as to why
was that docetaxel really used as the control and not Cyramza in combo. And maybe give us a little bit of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

sense why is this study so sizable. Is it -- should we read into your expectation on OR? Or is it really about
trying to power for survival?

David M. Reese
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Yes. Thanks, Yaron, for the question. In terms of the comparator arm, this was -- this choice was based on
what remains one of the standards of care, docetaxel, in around the world, the discussions with regulatory
authorities and investigators. And we feel that, that's an appropriate comparator here. The sample size
calculations were driven by the desire to be able to robustly test for overall survival. And so the second
part of your statement there is correct, that this was powered on overall survival.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. I just wanted to ask a question around stocking dynamics for the quarter. I know you've called out
a couple of onetime items and what you thought was the benefit from COVID. Could you maybe just put
that in context? Obviously, normally, in the first quarter, you see a lot of destocking across the product
lines. Did you not see that typical destocking? And so could that be also a potential benefit that's going to
come out through the year? Maybe you could just comment on that.

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Yes. Matthew, it's Murdo. Yes, as I mentioned, we saw about $100 million of stocking inventory build,
I should say, in the first quarter which happened across markets. The only other element that I would
maybe compare and contrast to some other companies that are reporting, our business, given that
it's predominantly specialty biologics, I know a fair amount of physician administration products didn't
necessarily have the same extent of early prescription fills and patient 90-day fills that would have been
an additional pull forward for some other companies. As they reported, they blended that dynamic with
end customer and wholesale inventory build. So the $100 million refers to end customer and wholesaler
inventory specifically. On products like Otezla, we may have had some pull forward from some early fills
and maybe 90-day scripts, and we'll just have to wait and see how that works through in Q2.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with SunTrust Robinson.

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Great work on running the business in this time. So can I take a broader step-back question? I know
we've been focused on a lot of specific questions. You guys have had a lot of experience intended to
financial crisis and people switching from a commercial payer to a Medicare or government payer. Help
us think about how you managed that, how you get people quickly to switch and how you managed the
impact of that. And then secondly, for telemedicine, how comfortable are prescribers writing scripts for
Evenity? And how do you think that telemedicine really impacts your business? I know that's a new one for
you.

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Robyn, before Murdo answers, let me make sure we heard that you said how comfortable are we writing
or are doctors writing, did you say, Evenity prescriptions on telemedicine?

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Yes. Yes. Like the telemedicine aspect is new for all of us, so trying to understand how that will impact
businesses. And obviously, you have many products that could maybe prescribed on telemedicine. So
those are 2 aspects of

[Audio Gap]

would be great.

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Right. Thanks.

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Yes, Robyn, and if I could just clarify further on the first part of your question, is your question related to
opening up government access like we've done over the last little while? Or is it the transition of people
potentially from commercial to a government benefit because of COVID-19?

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

It's really transition. So what a lot of people are asking is what -- if we transition given potentially a lot of
people are out of work, they're going to transition to a government-based plan.

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Yes.

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

You've been through this before. So you're one of the few companies that can probably tell us how you
managed that and how you'll run the business and you think the impact might be.

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Okay. No, that's helpful. Thanks for the clarification. So let's start with that topic on the -- first off, our
overall Medicaid portion of our business right now is quite low. It's less than 10% of our total revenue. And
the majority of our products beyond that are reimbursed through Medicare Part B and D, with about 50%
of our total business being reimbursed through commercial. So it's that commercial piece, as you rightly
point out, that is likely -- or a portion of that is likely to transition to a government channel. Now the thing
that's harder to predict is at what rate. So as people become unemployed, and an important distinction is
furloughed, they retain benefits for a period of time if they opt into COBRA, and furloughed employees are
often still on their self-insured company employee plan, sponsored plan. So there's a time lag that's going
to occur before people transition to either a state exchange or a Medicaid benefit. So I think the impact
could be a delayed one, more like towards the end of this year and into 2021. And, of course, trying to
pin down the actual numbers of Americans that are going to end up on unemployment benefits is hard
to peg right now. So those are the 2 things. It's the total bolus and the rate of change. I've heard some
commentary and read some things that would appear to indicate people expect it earlier. Our perspective
is that some of these patients and people will transition over time, and it will more likely be a delay to any
effect into 2021.

On telemedicine, I would just say that, yes, there's a variety of maturity of how telemedicine is used by
therapeutic area. If you think about mental health and, I would argue, even in neurology, telemedicine
is already used quite extensively even pre-COVID. And I would say that the uptake for telemedicine
and evaluating someone like a migraine patient is going to be relatively straightforward as it would be
perhaps for a dermatology patient. So in the case of neurology migraine would be Aimovig. And then for

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

dermatology, it would be Otezla. You mentioned Evenity. Of course, Evenity is primarily prescribed post
fracture, so patients are likely to be in a clinic or a hospital setting, and so the ability for the physician
to evaluate the patient and prescribe Evenity is probably pretty straightforward related to that acute
event. But we're watching it closely. We -- actually, because of Aimovig and other brands that -- where
telemedicine was already being used fairly extensively, we've had some experience here that goes back
over a year, and we've been scaling our experience there now. So I think Amgen will be on the front foot
when it comes to building out our capabilities in that area.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Ronny Gal with Bernstein.

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Let me add my thanks to [ David ] for all the work you're doing on COVID-19. Two, if I may. First, for
David, the PD-1, and you expanded on that vertical a couple of times. You started at about 40 patients.
Now you have about 270 patients. What -- given that you're originally a little bit skeptical at Amgen about
PD-1, is this just looking for ways to leverage the same protocol to do more? What does that mean about
your ability to bring this product to market and timing?

And then to Murdo, you've done fabulously well with the biosimilars, right? It might contribution about
$320 million this quarter. Now you have [ 5 ] that's coming in, in the United States. They've taken a bit
more extra price decreases. What is that -- what's your expectation for the rest of the year? And if you
can also mention what you guys are doing with your Remicade biosimilar, kind of an interesting product.

David M. Reese
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Well, thanks, Ronny. This is Dave. I'll start with the PD-1 question for AMG 404. We continue to develop
AMG 404 primarily as a combination partner for our pipeline agents. This is a Phase I umbrella study,
and we added cohorts to study additional indications where the tumors in question have well-described
PD-1 sensitivity that will limit the need, we hope, for single-arm data in future trials. And ultimately, we
think we'll probably need on the order of 200, give or take, monotherapy patients to support the standard
safety package for AMG 404. So all of that put together, expansion of the Phase I trial allowed us an
efficient way to generate appropriate data.

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Yes. And when it comes to our biosimilars business, we are pleased with the run rate of over $300 million
in the quarter. I would say, I would attribute our success, first and foremost, to Amgen's reputation as a
high-quality biologics manufacturer. I think that is something that differentiates us and is perceived well
by our customers. Our experience in Europe was a very positive one. We applied those lessons learned
to our U.S. launches of the 2 oncology biosimilars. And I think it shows you that the biosimilars market is
functioning well in the United States. I would also say that the biosimilar business model for Amgen is very
much integrated with our innovative products. So the same people who are defending Neulasta, the same
account managers who are defending Neulasta day in, day out and making sure that the benefit of Onpro
is understood by our customers are the same people who are establishing the uptake curve for MVASI
and KANJINTI. So those account relationships that we've cultivated over many, many years in oncology
have been extremely valuable. And our relationships at the payer-provider level, I think, have helped us
extend that trajectory nicely. I would also say that our patient services are exemplary, and we have the
very same patient services that we have for a product like KYPROLIS or XGEVA we apply to our biosimilars
business as well.

And then you mentioned, I think, AVSOLA, which is our Remicade biosimilar. We do intend to launch that
this year. And that product will help strengthen what is already a strong immunotherapy portfolio for us
and will help us broaden out that customer perspective. And again, that product will be integrated with our
innovative autoimmune portfolio.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Arvind Sood
Vice President of Investor Relations

And it's getting -- and as it's getting late on the East Coast [Operator Instructions].

Operator

Our next one is from the line of Evan Seigerman with Crédit Suisse.

Evan David Seigerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Kind of a follow-up from what you were just talking about, Murdo. So how has the pandemic impacted
the uptick of biosimilars? Have you seen an acceleration in adoption to save cost? Or have centers really
delayed uptake given potentially overwhelmed systems?

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

So it's a bit early to tell, so take my comments with a very few weeks of experience here. I would say,
so far, we have not seen a negative effect on our uptake. If anything, we're seeing a steepening of
our uptake curve. The one thing I will say that we haven't yet assessed that could happen is the total
cycles of bevacizumab or the total cycles of trastuzumab could be impacted. So from a share of molecule
perspective, we're very pleased. What we're watching is the total number of infusions of each of the
molecules going forward.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Dane Leone with Raymond James.

Dane Vincent Leone
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

I just want to ask a business development question, and I'll just keep it to one here. When you're thinking
about ramping up your efforts of KRAS, obviously, the initial data set is great for how you're thinking
about the target oncology space. Thinking about that and then also thinking about the bolt-on with Otezla
that you did to start broadening out how you think about immunology, where do you want to go in those
respective areas from a biz dev perspective? I mean there's a lot of room you guys still have to work with
especially in target oncology. Should we be expecting more bolt-on acquisitions within these 2 areas over
the course of 2020?

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

I don't know about the course of 2020, Dane. We're -- those are 2 areas of keen interest for us for sure,
oncology and inflammation. And we will continue to look for attractive, innovative assets that we think we
can add value to. The trick is always to be able to license or acquire molecules at a price that leaves return
for our shareholders. And we're pretty comprehensive in the way we assess the marketplace, and we'll
continue to keep an active watch and see whether there are some things that might be a good fit.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore ISI. Umer, you may have us on mute.

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Let's come back to him.

Operator

And moving on to the next question, it's from Alethia Young with Cantor Fitzgerald.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

Congrats on all the progress. I guess I just wanted to know, when you think about the Otezla and some of
the benefit you're seeing with the orals, maybe in light of COVID, do you think that might be a sustainable
trend?

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Yes. Alethia, I just want to clarify -- it's Murdo here. You're talking about the natural demand, you're not
talking about clinical trial activity with Otezla, correct?

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

No, not clinical trial, commercial activity, please.

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Yes. Okay. Yes, we're -- look, we continue to watch the weekly trends. We're listening to what our
customers are telling us. And we definitely think that we've got a little bit of buffer supporting Otezla right
now because it is a convenient oral option. It's got great market access coverage. It's affordable. We're
-- obviously, also, we mentioned at the end of last year that we were putting in additional primary care
effort to broaden the promotional effort behind Otezla, and I think that's also helping. So we're feeling
good about it. And I think just it's the ideal kind of product for a time like this where a lot of patients are
concerned about visiting a health care professional.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Geoffrey Porges with SVB Leerink.

Geoffrey Craig Porges
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

A follow-up, Murdo, another question. You highlighted some of the softness that you were seeing in March
and then continuing into April for some of the office-administered injectables. Could you give us a sense
of which products you think are most likely to be most significantly affected? I think you particularly
highlighted the Prolia visits that might be down as much as 50% of those relevant specialties. Is that the
sort of effect that we should be expecting for Prolia in Q2?

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Yes. I think -- thank you, Geoff. I think what I mentioned was the patient visits were down 50%. So Prolia
and -- we're -- maybe not as impacted yet on Evenity are definitely the products that we're seeing most
impact in our portfolio. If you think about the physician-administered products for Amgen in 3 buckets, we
have our bone business, we have our nephrology business, and we have our oncology business. Bone is by
far the business that is being impacted the most. Obviously, it's partly to do with the age and vulnerability
of patients. And we're spending a lot of time working on alternate sites of care, improving continuity
of care, setting up mobile programs where nurses can visit patients' homes and administer. And we're
working -- continue to work with the administration, CMS, policy, advocates to try and improve the buy-
and-bill access to that home injection channel as well. Nephrology is holding up well. Obviously, in end-
stage renal disease, these patients have to have -- their dialysis is life-sustaining. So those volumes are
holding up well. The providers there have been very good at collaborating and providing safe, isolated
sites of care for patients. And then oncology, it's down but not nearly as much as the bone. So that gives
you a relative order of understanding of how we're seeing it.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

And our next question is from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.

Cory William Kasimov
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. Given the importance of this growth portfolio to the overall business, I wanted to better understand
the underlying dynamics for Aimovig. When we look at it, I mean, despite the leading share position
and an increase in paid prescriptions, sales have seemingly fallen short of expectations for the last few
quarters. Is this just a function of lower net price with the broader access? Or is there something else
going on that we're all missing?

Murdo Gordon
Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Yes. Thanks, Cory. Look, we're very pleased with Aimovig's share performance. And we did have to do
quite a bit of work over the course of the year to get to that 90% paid level. And now we have 93%
of covered lives. So we're pretty pleased about that basis. I think what we're counting on for growth
going forward, because we expect price to stabilize throughout the course of the balance of the year, is
we're counting on unlocking additional patient volume. We've got over 4 million potential CGRP patient
candidates out there. Physicians tend to persist with older oral products and aren't yet adopting CGRP
products at the rate that we think that they could and should be to help ease the suffering of chronic
migraine sufferers. So that's where we're focused. We're focused on unlocking the future potential volume
now that these products and particularly Aimovig has a very affordable access coverage in the market.

Operator

And it appears that we have Umer Raffat from Evercore ISI back on.

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I just learned how to unmute myself, so thank you so much. David, one question for you, if I may. I
think it will be very helpful for investors to understand if you're optimistic on the durability of response
with KRAS monotherapy and if you're starting to develop a view whether a MEK or a PD-1 is a better
combination partner.

David M. Reese
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Thanks, Umer, for the question. Yes. I mean I think duration of response is one of the critical questions,
and that's why I indicated that the Phase II trial, I think, is going to give us the definitive answer there.
That will -- and we wish to have enough follow-up to very robustly address both duration of response
and progression-free survival. In terms of the combinations, I think it's perhaps a little too early to pick
favorites. We are looking at a number of combinations, which is typical for oncology programs. All of those
are based on an underlying biologic rationale. And as I indicated, we'll be generating data in that program
in combinations over the course of this year.

Operator

And next, we have a question from the line of Michael Schmidt with Guggenheim.

Michael Werner Schmidt
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

I had a high-level question on the biosimilar business, which has been going really well for Amgen. I'm
just wondering, as we see sort of the biosimilar market mature longer term and as we see potentially
more products launch within these markets, I guess, what is your view on the long-term price erosion
relative to brand? And how should we think about a potential floor relative to the manufacturing and
development costs in the biosimilar area?

Murdo Gordon

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations

Yes. Thanks, Michael. The one thing I mentioned earlier in response to the question on biosimilars was
the Amgen experience in knowing how to make biologics at scale in a very efficient way. So we have
really good margins on this business. And I think going by our experience in Europe, where I would
argue that the price degradation has probably been faster than it will be in the U.S. even with multiple
competitors, we've been able to compete effectively for volume, and we've been able to retain a very
profitable business there. We obviously don't have a lot of analogs in the U.S. to understand the rate
of change, so I'm going to hold back from speculating on what the future will hold. But there are clear
things here that the more competitors you have compressed in the early phase of a biosimilar launch path
and the more likely there is to be some precipitous price erosion. We're fortunate that we were early in
the U.S. with both MVASI and KANJINTI and able to establish a very strong foothold in the market. I'll
also repeat it, I said it earlier, but I do think that the biosimilar market is alive and well in the U.S. and
functioning as you would hope free markets would.

Operator

And our next question is from the line of Carter Gould with Barclays.

Carter Lewis Gould
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I guess maybe just a bigger picture question around sort of the lasting impact of COVID. When you guys
think around either shift to manufacturing strategy, location, bigger-picture questions on footprint and,
I guess, as well as commercialization models, I guess, it's just a really kind of a bigger-picture question,
when we return to normal, would that look different to sort of your infrastructure and business model is
how you had set it up historically?

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. That's a really interesting question, Carter, and one that I think we'll get a lot of attention once things
have settled down a little bit. It's still awfully fluid to be trying to predict how the experience of COVID-19
will affect our industry or our business model. But we'd be happy to engage with you on that topic at
greater length, again, when the dust has settled a little bit.

But fundamentally for us, our supply chain is in great shape. We, unlike some of our peers in the industry,
predominantly manufacture in the U.S., obviously

[Audio Gap]

the people who work for us there are U.S. citizens. And so we have the benefit that the vast majority,
nearly all of our manufacturing is done in the U.S. So that supply chain question is a little bit less relevant
for us than some of our industry peers. But I do think that this isn't going to be the last viral challenge
that we face as a society. And I think we'll all be trying to improve our business continuity planning and
thinking when we come out of this to make sure that we're in as strong a position as possible to avoid
interruptions from events like this. But I think there'll be a lot of learning across the whole economy,
including the biotech economy. So we look forward to talking to you about that at the right time.

Operator

And next, we have a question from the line of Mohit Bansal with Citi.

Mohit Bansal
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Congrats on all the progress. I have a quick question regarding your IL-2 mutein program. What is your
level of excitement around this program? Seems like you have 2 fully enrolled trials at this point. Should
we expect to see any data from this program later this year?

David M. Reese

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Thanks, Mohit. Dave here. Yes, so we remain keenly interested in AMG 592, the IL-2 mutein. We're
enrolling trials going forward, and we'd expect data over the course of the year or perhaps early next year.
Some of those trials we did temporarily pause because of the reluctance of investigators to start patients
on new immunomodulatory agents in the course of the epidemic. But we remain quite interested in that
program, and we'll provide our guidance as to when we're going to get data readouts as we move forward.

Operator

And next, we have a question from the line of Kennen MacKay with RBC Capital Markets.

Kennen B. MacKay
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Maybe for Peter or Bob or -- actually, I'd even love to hear Dr. Reese's perspective. I was wondering where
are you seeing the most opportunity for M&A right now and really where your focus there. And, Dave, I
had hoped to include you in that question really just to get your perspective on where some of the most
interesting biology and chemistry is taking place now and what Bob had referred to so eloquently as the
golden age of biotechnology.

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, Dave, since I've talked a little bit about M&A and business development already on the call, why
don't we let you take a crack at this? So what areas -- what mechanisms are most intriguing to you in
your R&D colleagues at the moment?

David M. Reese
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Yes, I think it is a golden age, and I would approach it from 2 perspectives. There are new platforms.
And our Head of Research, Ray Deshaies, has published a very -- a great article in Nature a week or 2
ago. I'd encourage all of you to read about what we call an induced proximity platform. This is a new
suite of technologies that we think can open up much of the undruggable space. So that sort of business
development remains of great interest to us. And then as we've said before, I think there's a ferment of
activity across the therapeutic areas of great interest to us, and that will continue to be a focus going
forward.

Operator

And next, we have a question from the line of Salim Syed with Mizuho.

Salim Qader Syed
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Bob, maybe just one for you, just a high-level one. Given your discussions with folks in Washington,
obviously, the rhetoric in biotech and pharma as well has been pretty negative over the last few years
especially around drug pricing, et cetera. And I'm wondering with -- given this COVID-19, has that
changed the rhetoric at all in your view? And is there anything sustainably positive that can carry on post-
COVID in terms of rhetoric coming out of Washington in your view?

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, I think everybody recognizes that we're going to need science and innovation to lead us out of this
challenge that we find ourselves in globally. So

[Audio Gap]

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

importance of innovation, a little bit of humility perhaps in all camps about how hard it is to have the
right innovation available for the world at the right time. So the good news is that the government, the
innovators, academia, everybody are working together at a speed and a scale that I've never seen in my
career. So I think that's a good sign, and hopefully, we'd be able to look back on this one day and say
that it worked. We've got a special ecosystem, in particular, in this country. And hopefully, we'll be able to
look back and say, when we faced the biggest challenge of our lifetimes, the industry came through and
delivered what we needed. And if we're able to do that, I think it inevitably will help remind everybody
that we haven't generated all the innovation we need as a society. There are still lots of areas of unmet
medical need. And again, the more we can do to address it the better. But the question of drug pricing is
not going to go away, but hopefully, there'll be some respect for how profoundly important innovation is.

Arvind Sood
Vice President of Investor Relations

And let's take one last question if there's a quick one, after which I'll ask Bob to make some concluding
comments.

Operator

Very well. Our final question is from the line of Jim Birchenough with Wells Fargo Securities.

Nicholas M. Abbott
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

It's Nick on for Jim. You had mentioned earlier in your prepared comments about Otezla, the trial of
Otezla in COVID. Can you just elaborate on that? And is this in the acute setting? Or perhaps is there an
opportunity for patients who have ongoing organ dysfunction after they leave the hospital maybe due to
inflammation?

David M. Reese
Executive Vice President of Research & Development

Thanks, Jim (sic) [ Nick ]. This is Dave. Yes, we think it's actually -- there will be utility in studying Otezla
in a variety of settings, ranging from, for example, hospitalized patients but those that are not yet in
the ICU to attempt to prevent progression to more serious disease as well as those with more serious
disease. And so again, we're in active discussions or have committed to platform trials. The one real
guiding principle we have here is that we want these to be rigorous studies to provide the highest quality
answers.

Robert A. Bradway
Chairman, CEO & President

Okay. Let me just wrap up, recognizing that it's pushing on 7:00 on the East Coast. Again, let me reiterate
our appreciation for you joining the call. I hope what you take away from the call is that we delivered a
solid quarter 1. We feel we're executing the business well. Our objective will be to remain an effective
steward of the business through the short term. We want to be a leading corporate citizen through this
challenging period as well. And we will remain focused on delivering long-term growth by advancing
innovation in those areas that you're familiar with at Amgen.

So thank you all. Keep safe. Look forward to catching up with you on the next quarterly call.

Arvind Sood
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, everybody. Myself and the IR team will be around for some time, so feel free to reach out to us.
Thanks again.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you greatly for joining us for Amgen's First Quarter 2020 Financial
Results Conference Call. This does conclude the call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

AMGEN INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

