Amphenol Corporation NYSE:APH
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, January 27, 2021 6:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.02

1.13

10.78

0.93

3.63

3.74

3.03

4.28

2224.04

2426.00

9.08

2094.22

8396.18

8598.90

2.41

9075.75

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-27-2021 2:02 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.74

0.62

0.88

1.02

0.71

0.81

1.09

1.13

SURPRISE

(4.05 %)

30.65 %

23.86 %

10.78 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Christopher M. Snyder
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Lee Kelley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

David Neil Williams
Loop Capital Markets LLC,
Research Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

William Stein
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Joseph Craig Giordano
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Luke L. Junk
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Hello, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call for Amphenol Corporation. [Operator
Instructions] At the request of the company, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any
objections, you may disconnect at this time.

I would now like to introduce today's conference host, Mr. Craig Lampo. Sir, you may begin.

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Good afternoon, everyone. This is Craig Lampo, Amphenol's CFO, and I'm here together with Adam
Norwitt, our CEO. We would like to welcome you to our fourth quarter 2020 conference call. Our fourth
quarter and full year 2020 results were released this morning. I will provide some financial commentary,
and then Adam will give an overview of the business as well as current trends. Then we will take
questions.

As a reminder, during the call, we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures and may make
certain forward-looking statements. So please refer to the relevant disclosures in our press release for
further information.

The company closed the fourth quarter with record sales of $2.426 billion and record GAAP and adjusted
diluted EPS of $1.15 and $1.13, respectively. Sales were up 13% in U.S. dollars and up 11% in local
currencies and organically compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. Sequentially, sales were up 4% in U.S.
dollars and 3% in local currencies and organically.

Breaking down sales into our 2 segments. The interconnect business, which comprise 96% of our sales,
was up 14% in U.S. dollars and 11% in currencies compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Our cable
business, which comprised 4% of our sales, was down 4% in U.S. dollars and 2% in local currencies
compared to the fourth quarter of last year.

For the full year 2020, sales were $8.599 billion, which was up 5% in U.S. dollars, 4% in local currencies
and 2% organically compared to 2019. Adam will comment further on trends by market in a few minutes.

From a segment standpoint, in the interconnect segment, margins were 22.5% in the fourth quarter of
2020, which increased from 22.0% in the fourth quarter of 2019 and 22.4% in the third quarter of 2020.
In the cable segment, margins were 10.3%, which increased from 10% in the fourth quarter of 2019 and
decreased from 10.7% in the third quarter of 2020.

For the full year, 2020, adjusted operating income was $1.650 billion, which was slightly up from 2019 and
resulted in a full year 2020 adjusted operating margin of 19.2% compared to 20% in 2019. This 80 basis
point decline reflects the challenges and resulting impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic, primarily in
the first half of the year.

Given the unprecedented challenges we saw this year, we are extremely proud of the company's
performance. Our team's ability to effectively manage through this crisis is a direct result of the strength
and commitment of the company's entrepreneurial management team, which continues to foster a high-
performance, action-oriented culture, which has enabled us to capitalize on opportunities and maximize
profitability in an uncertain market environment.

The company's GAAP effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 21.7%, which compared to 20.3% in the
fourth quarter of 2019. On an adjusted basis, the effective tax rate was 24.5% for both the fourth quarter
of 2020 and 2019.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

For the full year, the company's GAAP effective tax rate for 2020 and 2019 was 20.5% and 20.2%,
respectively. On an adjusted basis, the effective tax rate for both the full year 2020 and 2019 was 20.5 --
24.5%.

On a GAAP basis, diluted EPS increased by 12% to $1.15 in the fourth quarter compared to $1.03 in the
prior year period. Our adjusted diluted EPS increased by 15% to $1.13 in the fourth quarter of 2020 from
$0.98 in the fourth quarter of 2019.

For the full year, GAAP diluted EPS was $3.91, a 4% increase from 2019 GAAP diluted EPS of $2.75.
Adjusted diluted EPS was $3.74 for 2020, which was unchanged compared to 2019. The was a strong
performance considering the significant challenges and related to incremental costs resulting from the
pandemic. Orders for the quarter were $2.512 billion, which was up 14% compared to the fourth quarter
of 2019 and up 10% sequentially, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.041.

The company continues to be an excellent generator of cash. We are proud that operating and free cash
flow for both the fourth quarter and full year 2020 were all records for the company. Cash flow from
operations was a strong $441 million in the fourth quarter or 124% of net income. Net of capital spending,
our free cash flow was $371 million or 104% of net income.

Cash flow from operations for the full year was $1.592 billion or approximately 132% of net income. And
net of capital spending, our free cash flow for 2020 was $1.328 billion or 110% of net income.

From a working capital standpoint, inventory days, days sales outstanding and payable days were 79, 72
and 61 days, respectively, all within our normal range. During the quarter, the company repurchased 1.5
million shares of common stock for approximately $182 million under the $2 billion open market stock
repurchase plan, bringing total repurchases for the year to 6 million shares or $641 million. Total debt at
December 31 was $3.9 billion, and net debt at the end of the year was $2.1 billion.

Total liquidity at the end of the quarter was $4.2 billion, which included total cash and short-term
investments on hand of $1.7 billion, plus the availability under our credit facilities. Fourth quarter and
full year 2020 EBITDA was approximately $600 million and $2 billion, respectively, and at December 31,
2020, our net leverage ratio was 1.1x. Lastly, the company announced a 2-for-1 stock split, which will be
effective as of March 4, 2021.

I will now turn it back to Adam, who will provide some commentary and current trends.

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Well, Craig, thank you very much, and I'd like to extend my welcome to everyone here on the phone
today. And I hope it's not too late to wish everybody a happy new year as we're still here in the month of
January. First, I just want to express my hope that all of you on the call here today, that you, your family,
your friends and colleagues are all staying safe and healthy throughout the pandemic.

I'm going to highlight our achievements in the fourth quarter and the full year. As Craig mentioned, I'll
discuss our trends and progress across our served markets. I'll then make some comments on our outlook
for the first quarter. And then, of course, we'll have time at the end for questions.

Now with respect to the fourth quarter and amidst what has, no doubt, been an unprecedented and
volatile year, I'm truly proud that we finished 2020 with record sales and adjusted earnings per share
in the fourth quarter, both of which were significantly above our guidance. Sales grew 13% in U.S.
dollars and 11% organically, reaching a new record $2.426 billion. This organic growth, which was very
strong, was driven by growth in mobile devices, industrial and automotive end markets, in particular. The
company booked a record of $2.512 billion in orders in the fourth quarter, and that's a strong book-to-bill
of 104:1.

Despite continuing to face some operational challenges related to the ongoing pandemic, adjusted
operating margins were strong in the quarter, reaching 20.6%, a 10 basis point increase from third
quarter levels and 60 basis points from prior year. Craig already highlighted the operating and free cash

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

flow of the company, very strong at $441 million and $371 million, respectively, in the fourth quarter, both
just excellent reflections of the quality of the company's earnings.

I just want to say, with this fourth quarter, how proud I am of our team around the world. And our
results this quarter, once again, reflect the discipline and agility of our entrepreneurial organization as we
continue to perform well amidst an environment that still has continued challenges.

Our small acquisition team was also very busy in the fourth quarter and here in the last few weeks of
January. As we announced on December 9, we're very pleased to have signed an agreement to acquire
MTS Systems, a leading supplier of advanced test systems, motion simulators and precision sensors,
for $58.5 a share. The MTS acquisition continues to be subject to MTS shareholder approval, certain
regulatory approvals as well as customary closing conditions.

In addition, last week, we announced that we had entered into an agreement with Illinois Tool Works,
under which ITW will acquire MTS' test and simulation segment following the closing of our acquisition of
MTS. This sale is also subject to certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. We
continue to expect that both the acquisition of MTS as well as the follow-on sale of the test and simulation
business to ITW will both occur approximately in the middle of 2021.

I can just say that we've long been attracted by the outstanding technology and deep entrepreneurial
culture of MTS Sensors, and look forward to welcoming this wonderful team of people into the Amphenol
family. This acquisition, which is highly complementary to our current sensor offering, represents a further
broadening of our high-technology sensor offering to customers across the automotive, industrial, military
and commercial air industries. We expect the addition of MTS Sensors to add approximately $350 million
in revenues and to generate approximately $0.10 per share of earnings accretion in the first year post-
closing.

Now here in the last few weeks of January, we're also pleased to have closed 2 additional acquisitions
of outstanding entrepreneurial companies, which we purchased for a combined price of $160 million.
First, Positronic is a provider of high reliability, harsh environment connectors for customers primarily in
the military, aerospace, IT datacom and industrial markets. Based in Springfield, Missouri, and with also
operations in France, India and Singapore and with annual sales of approximately $80 million, Positronic
represents a great addition to our harsh environment product offering.

Next, El-Cab, which is based in Poland, is a manufacturer of cable assemblies and related interconnect
products, primarily serving the industrial market, and with annual sales of approximately $55 million.
What I'm very pleased by is that both Positronic and El-Cab are private, family-owned companies, with
rich histories, leading technologies and excellent positions with customers in their target markets. As we
welcome the outstanding Positronic and El-Cab teams to the Amphenol family, and as we look forward to
eventually welcoming the talented MTS Sensors organization in the coming months, we remain confident
that our acquisition program will continue to create great value for Amphenol. Our ability to identify and
execute upon acquisitions and successfully bring these new companies into Amphenol remains a core
competitive advantage for the company.

Now if we just look back on 2020 and some of the highlights from the year, despite the many challenges
we all faced in 2020, from both a personal and a professional standpoint, Amphenol's dedicated
entrepreneurial team performed just incredibly well. And I just could not be more proud of our
performance this year. Sales reached a record $8.6 billion, growing 5% in U.S. dollars and 2% organically,
and actually surpassed our pre-pandemic outlook that we had given back a year ago.

Our full year adjusted operating margins of 19.2% did decline 80 basis points from prior year, but this
decline was due to the significant cost challenges we experienced in the first half of 2020, after which,
our team was able to return to more typical profit levels in the second half. And that enabled us to
achieve adjusted diluted EPS of $3.74, which was the same level as we achieved in 2019, no question, an
impressive result given the circumstances.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

We generated record operating and free cash flow of $1.592 billion and $1.328 billion, respectively,
excellent confirmations of the company's superior execution and disciplined working capital management
even in these most unprecedented times.

Our acquisition program remains strong despite the challenges related to the pandemic with 2 new
companies added to the Amphenol family in 2020, Exa Thermometrics and Onanon as well as Positronic
and El-Cab here in January and the signing of MTS that we already discussed. These acquisitions expand
our position across a broad array of technologies and markets while bringing outstanding and talented
individuals into the Amphenol organization. We're particularly excited that these acquisitions represent
expanded platforms for the company's future performance.

In addition, in 2020, we bought back over 6 million shares under our buyback program, and increased our
quarterly dividend to 16%. And as Craig mentioned, we're announcing today a 2-for-1 stock split of the
company's shares.

So while the overall market environment in 2020 was highly uncertain, our agile entrepreneurial
management team is confident that we have built further strength from which we can now drive superior
long-term performance.

Now turning to the trends and our progress across our served markets. I would just comment that we
remain very pleased that the company's balanced and broad end-market diversification continues to
create value for the company, with no single end market representing more than 22% of our sales in
the year 2020. We believe that this diversification mitigates the impact of the volatility of individual end
markets that was particularly important here in 2020, but while also exposing us to leading technologies
wherever they may arise across the electronics industry.

The military market represented 11% of our sales in the fourth quarter and 12% of our sales for the full
year. Sales in the quarter grew modestly from prior year, increasing by approximately 1% in the fourth
quarter, with growth in naval, space and avionics applications offset in part by moderations in ground
vehicles, rotorcraft and airframe.

Sequentially, our sales increased as we had expected, coming into the quarter by 3%. For the full year
2020, our sales grew by 3% in U.S. dollars and 2% organically, reflecting our leading market position and
strong execution across virtually all segments of the military market, offset in part by the impact of the
pandemic-related production disruptions that we experienced in the first half of 2020. Looking ahead, we
expect sales in the first quarter to decrease modestly from these fourth quarter levels.

I just want to say that our organization working in the military market has worked long and hard for
many years to strengthen our broad technology position, while increasing our capacity to serve customers
across all segments of this important market. Our performance in 2020, especially given the many
disruptions related to the pandemic, is a great reflection of the results of those efforts. Given the ongoing
and favorable military spending environment, our team continues to solidify our leadership position by
ensuring that we execute on the demands of our customers by supporting the many next-generation
technologies that are required for modern military hardware.

The commercial air market represented 2% of our sales in the fourth quarter and 3% of our sales for the
full year. Not surprisingly, fourth quarter sales were down significantly, reducing by approximately 50%, as
the commercial air market continued to experience unprecedented declines in demand for new aircraft due
to the pandemic-related disruptions to the global travel industry.

Sequentially, our sales were a little bit better than expected, declining 10% from the third quarter. And for
the full year 2020, sales declined by 34%, reflecting the significant impact of the pandemic on travel and
aircraft production. Looking into the first quarter of 2021, we expect a sequential moderation in sales from
these levels.

Look, there's no doubt that these are difficult times for the entire travel industry, which is seriously
impacting the market for commercial airplanes. Nevertheless, our team, who's just been so resilient
over the course of this year, remains committed to leveraging the company's strong technology position

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

across a wide array of aircraft platforms as well as next-generation systems that are integrated into those
airplanes. And we remain well positioned when this market, ultimately, returns to growth.

The industrial market represented 22% of our sales in the quarter and in the full year 2020. Our sales in
this market significantly exceeded expectations that we had coming into the quarter, increased by a very
strong 29% in U.S. dollars and 24% organically from prior year. This robust growth was driven especially
by the battery and electric vehicle, instrumentation, heavy equipment, factory automation and medical
segments of the industrial market. On a sequential basis, sales increased by 4% from the third quarter.

We're really pleased with our results in industrial for the full year, with sales growing 15% in U.S.
dollars and 11% organically as we saw strong demand in really those same markets, battery and EV,
instrumentation, heavy equipment, also alternative energy and, of course, medical, which was a very
strong segment in the year. Looking into the first quarter, we expect a slight moderation from the strong
fourth quarter sales levels.

I'm truly proud of our team working in the industrial market. Whether enabling the growth in volumes of a
wide array of medical equipment or managing through significant increases in demand for semiconductor
capital goods and next-generation batteries, our global organization has reacted quickly to ensure that our
customers are fully supported regardless of the many operational challenges that have arisen during the
pandemic.

The automotive market represented 20% of our sales in the fourth quarter and 17% of our sales for
the full year 2020. Sales in this market were also much stronger than we had expected coming into the
quarter, with revenue growing by 24% in U.S. dollars and 19% organically in the fourth quarter, and that
was really driven by broad-based growth across all geographies in the automotive market. Sequentially,
our automotive sales increased by a very strong 22% as we continue to benefit from the broad recovery in
the global automotive market.

For the full year 2020, our sales declined by 6% in U.S. dollars and 8% organically, and that really
reflected the significant challenges and factory shutdowns experienced by the auto industry in the first half
of the year related to the pandemic but was partially offset by our strong recovery that we drove in the
second half. Looking into 2021, we do expect a sequential moderation from these high sales levels in the
first quarter.

Look, no doubt about it. The automotive industry faced one of the most difficult periods in recent memory
during the first half of 2020, in particular, in the second quarter. And that was followed by an unexpectedly
robust recovery here in the second half. I'm just so proud of our team working in this important market,
who has clearly demonstrated their agility and resiliency through these most turbulent times and, thereby,
secured the company's position with our customers across the automotive market.

Regardless of this most dynamic of years, we have continued to expand our range of interconnect, sensor
and antenna products, both organically and through acquisitions, to enable a wide array of onboard
electronics across a diversified range of traditional fuel and electric-powered vehicles made by auto
manufacturers around the world. This consistent strategy will continue to benefit us long into the future.

The mobile devices market represented 18% of our sales in the fourth quarter and 15% of our sales
for the full year. Our sales in the quarter to mobile device customers increased by a much stronger-
than-expected 32% from prior year, with strength in all product types, but particularly in wearables and
laptops. Sequentially, our sales increased by 15%, and that was driven by higher sales to smartphones
and wearable devices.

For the full year 2020, sales in the mobile devices market increased by a very strong 16% as we continue
to benefit from our agility in reacting to changes in demand in this dynamic market. For the full year, we
saw particularly strong sales growth in products Incorporated into laptops, tablets, wearables and other
accessories as well as production-related products, and that was offset in part by a slight moderation of
sales of products incorporated into smartphones.

Looking into the first quarter, we anticipate a typically significant seasonal sequential decline of
approximately 40%. While mobile devices will always remain one of our most volatile markets, our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

outstanding and agile team is poised as always to capture any opportunities for incremental sales that
may arise in 2021 and beyond. Our leading array of antennas, interconnect products and mechanisms
continues to enable a broad range of next-generation mobile devices, all positioning us well for the long
term.

The mobile networks market represented 5% of our sales in the quarter and 6% of our sales for the full
year 2020. Sales in the quarter decreased from prior year by 8% in U.S. dollars and 9% organically, with
declines in sales to both equipment manufacturers as well as operators.

Sequentially, our sales did increase by a bit less than we had expected, 12%. For the full year 2020, sales
declined by 16% from prior year, which reflected the impact of the U.S. government restrictions on certain
Chinese customers that had been imposed in 2019 as well as other impacts related to the COVID-19
pandemic. Looking ahead, we expect sales in the first quarter to increase from this quarter's levels as
operators expand their investments in next-generation mobile networks.

Regardless of the challenging demand environment in the mobile networks market in 2020, we're
confident in the company's long-term position in this important and exciting industry. Our team continues
to work aggressively to expand our opportunity with next-generation equipment and networks. And
as customers ramp up investment of these advanced systems, we look forward to benefiting from the
increased potential that comes from our unique position with both equipment manufacturers and mobile
service providers around the world.

The information technology and data communications market represented 18% of our sales in the quarter
and 21% of our sales for the full year of 2020. Sales in the quarter were stronger than expected, rising
by 3% in U.S. dollars and 2% organically from prior year as stronger sales of networking equipment and
server-related products were offset by lower sales of storage-related products. Sequentially, our sales
declined by 8% from our very robust third quarter.

We're very pleased with our performance for the full year for IT datacom, with our sales growing a very
strong 15% in U.S. dollars and 11% organically as we capitalized on increased demand from our OEM and
service provider customers as they work to accelerate bandwidth capacity expansions, in particular, to
support home-based work, school and entertainment. Our team working in support of these customers
has clearly distinguished themselves this year, reacting quickly to capitalize on unprecedented demand for
our industry-leading high-speed and power products. At the same time, we've not slowed down our efforts
to further develop that broad range of leading interconnect products in support of data communication
networks around the world.

Looking into the first quarter of 2021, we expect a typical seasonal moderation of sales here in the
quarter. But nevertheless, we remain very encouraged by the company's strong technology position in
the global IT datacom market. Our customers around the world continue to drive their equipment to
ever-higher levels of performance in order to manage the dramatic increases in bandwidth and processor
power. In turn, our team remains singularly focused on enabling this continuing revolution in IT datacom.

The broadband communications market represented 4% of our sales in the quarter and 4% for the full
year. Sales increased by 3% in the fourth quarter from prior year, driven by stronger demand for home
installation-related equipment from our broadband operators. On a sequential basis, sales decreased as
expected by 9% and from the third quarter. For the full year 2020, sales were flat, and that's despite the
significant disruptions to production and demand that we experienced in the first quarter offset by the
accelerated investments in support of bandwidth later in the year.

Looking into the first quarter, we expect sales to moderate from these levels. And we remain encouraged
by the company's position in the broadband market. With our expanded range of products, together with
strong relationships with customers around the world, we look forward to benefiting as operators increase
their network investments in the future.

Now just to summarize, there's no question that 2020 was one of the most challenging years we've all
experienced. But in the face of these challenges, I am just so proud of the entire team of Amphenolians

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

around the world who have managed extraordinarily well throughout the pandemic and the related
disruptions to the economy.

Through our dual-pronged approach of growing both organically and through our acquisition program,
the company continues to expand our market position, while strengthening our financial performance.
Amphenol's superior performance is a direct reflection of our distinct competitive advantages, our leading
technology, our increasing position with customers across our diverse end markets, a worldwide presence,
a lean and flexible cost structure, a highly effective acquisition program and, I can say, most importantly,
in this pandemic-impacted 2020, an agile and entrepreneurial management team.

Now turning to our outlook. And regardless of our strong performance in the fourth quarter, there still
remains significant economic uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Accordingly, we will not be
providing full year guidance at this time.

Assuming no new material disruptions from the pandemic as well as constant exchange rates, for the first
quarter, we now expect sales in the range of $2.120 billion to $2.180 billion and adjusted diluted EPS in
the range of $0.90 to $0.94. And I would just note that on a post-split basis, this adjusted diluted EPS
guidance would be $0.45 to $0.47. This guidance represents sales growth in the first quarter of 14% to
17% year-over-year and adjusted diluted EPS growth of 27% to 32%, again compared to the first quarter
of 2020.

I remain confident in the ability of our outstanding management team to adapt to the continued
challenges in the marketplace and to capitalize on the many future opportunities to grow our position
and expand our profitability. Our entire organization remains committed to delivering strong financial
results, all while prioritizing the continued safety and health of each of our employees around the world.
Most importantly, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the entire Amphenol team for their truly heroic
efforts here in the fourth quarter and throughout the entirety of 2020.
And with that, operator, we'd be very happy to take any questions if there may be.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Mark Delaney of Goldman Sachs.

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I was hoping to better understand the orders that the company reported and the strong book-to-bill 1.04.
To what extent do you think those orders are to help serve true end demand? And do you think any of the
orders that the company is receiving are potentially customers placing longer-dated backlog because of
some of the supply chain challenges that have really impacted semiconductors but perhaps is impacting
orders to electronics companies more broadly, potentially including Amphenol or any other factors that
maybe influencing the orders other than some of the more typical drivers like increasing content per unit?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Thanks so much, Mark. Look, customers place orders to us, and we can't always exactly pinpoint what
the demand is, except we know that when they tell us they want the product. And I wouldn't tell you that
we've seen any dramatic lengthening of lead times or longer-dated orders per se.

You mentioned the widely reported discussions around semiconductor availability in a variety of markets.
I think our customers are pretty smart. And while they may be chasing lots of semiconductors or trying
to put orders on those kind of products, they know that our products are available for them. And we
haven't disappointed them throughout this year, even with the disruptions early in the year, even with
the significant increases in certain of our markets in the second half. So I wouldn't necessarily say that
customers are lumping us into that kind of semiconductor category.

I think that customers are looking to us, no question about it, on the basis of the fact that we were there
for them when they needed us most, in particular, as many of our customers coming out of the pandemic
had certain -- some parts of their supply chain, which still had a lot of disruptions. And the excellent
job that our team did in recovering from those disruptions, whether that was early on in the year with
bringing all of our factories in China back to full production substantially earlier than many or continuing
into later part of the year with the recoveries that we saw, for example, in automotive, in industrial and
other markets.

So I think that our team is doing a good job of making sure that we get more than our fair share of our
customers' bandwidth and orders, and we're going to keep driving for that.

Operator

Our next question is from Amit Daryanani of Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I wanted to follow-up on what Mark was talking about and maybe, more specifically, Adam, on the
industrial and automotive, kind of the non-tech markets where growth rates have been extremely strong.
I think the concern is starting to become that are we starting to over ship versus end demand, and
certainly, 20%, 24% organic growth is much better than what the underlying end demand is. So just on
those 2 segments, I'd love to understand how does one get conviction -- how do you get conviction that a
strong first half may not result in a bigger correction in the half of the year?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Yes. I mean, look, it's a fair question, Amit. I think we had just outstanding performance in the fourth
quarter in both of those markets. As you know, 29% and 24% organic growth in industrial, 24% and 19%,
respectively, in automotive. I think that we are outperforming by any measure, I would say, the various
markets.

But does that mean that they're taking our product and putting it on the shelf? No, I mean, we don't
see that whatsoever. But at the same time, there is still uncertainty in the marketplace. We're not giving
guidance for the full year. We have done an outstanding job of supporting our customers when they
needed us in the ramp-up after the various disruptions. And regardless of what happens in end demand, I
believe that our position with customers is stronger than ever.

Now I should also mention that, whether it's in industrial or in automotive, and obviously, industrial has
a lot of different segments within it, we see continued content gains in both of those areas, which are
greater than just the end-unit demand. And that's the trend of adoption of electronics into all types of
systems, all types of equipment, all types of products.

And if anything, we've seen that adoption accelerates over the course of this year for a variety of reasons.
And much has been reported about the acceleration, for example, of electric drivetrains in cars, where
we benefited greatly for that. But we've seen a lot of very similar dynamics across the multiple segments
within the industrial market.

So look, what does this mean for the second half of 2021? Again, we're not giving guidance for the year.
There's a lot of uncertainty related to the pandemic, but I think our position with our customers is stronger
than ever before.

Operator

Our next question is from Joe Giordano from Cowen.

Joseph Craig Giordano
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

So there's a lot of debate in auto in longer-term about like what applications should be -- that need
to be hardwired versus when wireless is most appropriate? I mean, I know your portfolio seems to be
intentionally structured to benefit kind of no matter what the answer to that question is or that trend is.
But can you talk about how you think that plays out? What are your customers thinking? Like, is there like
a limitation on what can be wireless?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, without getting into too deep of a technical discussion here, I think you already kind of
answered the question as I would answer it, which is, we're agnostic. The fact is, we're a significant
supplier of interconnect products, antennas and sensors into the automotive market. And to the extent
that there's next-generation developments, new architectures in the car that create a kind of an open field
to help enable that, that's always been a benefit for Amphenol in the long term. And so I would expect the
same that -- to the extent that things become, how you say it, more -- less wired or more wired, more
wireless. The fact that we are a manufacturer of interconnect antennas and sensors positions us very well
regardless of what that outcome is.

Operator

Our next question is from Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley.

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Adam, can you just touch on or follow up on the MTS acquisition. I mean, pretty unique in terms of size
of a business that you're acquiring here. And also maybe expand on just -- you talked about some of the
complementary nature, kind of what it does for your portfolio as you go out in time?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, look, I think the only thing that I would say is really unique about MTS is the fact that it's
a public company. It's our first public company acquisition. But in terms of scale of the acquisition, you'll
recall that we made the acquisition of FCI. I think it's been, what, Craig, 6 years or so?

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes.

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Since that acquisition. And at the time when we were a substantially smaller company, FCI was about a
$1.2 billion purchase price. And this is $1.7 billion, less the proceeds from the test and sim business. So
I wouldn't say that the size is unique, but the process is a little bit more unique with the public company
process.

And then with the strategic review that we did that ultimately resulted in an outstanding outcome of us
negotiating together with Illinois Tool Works or ITW, the disposition of the test and simulation segment to
ITW. And ITW is just an outstanding company, MTS is an outstanding company, and you know how we feel
about Amphenol. So I think this is just 3 really outstanding companies ending up in a real win-win-win for
all parties, whether that's the shareholders of MTS, whether that's Amphenol or whether that is, in fact,
ITW.

From our position, the MTS Sensors business, which is what, ultimately, attracted us to MTS, is just
extraordinarily complementary. I mean, I'd say virtually no overlap with our own sensor offering.
Extremely harsh environment products used in a variety of really high-technology applications. These are
sensors that are used in force and vibration, pressure, position, really at the highest level of reliability,
with also complex interconnect systems associated therewith.

And so from a -- when we talk about the complementary aspect of the MTS Sensors business, it is really
just that uniquely complementary set of products across the end markets where we're very excited by.
And then you add to all of that just a wonderful, wonderful management team across the business. And by
the way, all of MTS, we've just been so impressed with the people at MTS. But particularly with the MTS
Sensors team, we're just so excited by this entrepreneurial organization, and it's a team that we've known
for a long time.

This was not a kind of last-minute thing here, far from it. We've known this organization for a very long
time, and we're very excited, subject to the shareholder approval, subject to the regulatory and other
closing conditions, we're very excited 1 day to welcome them into the Amphenol family.

Operator

Our next question is from Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Adam, I wanted to use the last question here on MTS as an excuse to ask you about cable products. I
mean you'd -- I think you didn't want to be in the test business, and that led to the decision of selling that
MTS asset to ITW. I mean, on the same lines, how should I think about the longer-term reasons to be in
cable products and solutions, which you report as a separate segment? I can see kind of the margins are
quite a bit below your other segments. And we haven't seen like strong growth for a while here. So what's
the longer term opportunity? How does it fit in with the rest of the business? Or do you see it as a core
part of your portfolio overall?

Richard Adam Norwitt

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

President, CEO & Director

Yes. So I mean, the simple answer to -- you said it at the end, do we see it as a core part of our portfolio?
For sure. And it's very different than the situation with MTS. In the case of MTS, we were drawn to MTS
because of the Sensor business, we were impressed, by the way, very impressed with the team and with
the business of test and simulation, but it's a different business for us, really categorically different. And
that was why we talked about having a strategic review. And in the end, I think, a great outcome for all
parties with the agreed sale to ITW.

In the case of our cable products, cable products are an integral part of an interconnect system that is
used, in particular, for getting high-speed bandwidth to customers and to companies. And what we've said
all along is, yes, the cable products segment may underperform from an operating margin perspective
for the moment, we don't want to be in the business of picking the winners and losers of how people and
companies are going to get internet connectivity to their homes, to their businesses, to their universities,
to the governments. We want to be betting really on every possible way of doing that.

And thus, our position with the cable operators, with the MSOs, is a very important strategic position
for Amphenol. And that importance, by the way, carries over into our interconnect segment, where the
strength that we have, the reputation that we have, our ability to service these service providers as
opposed to OEMs has been a fabulous value to the rest of the company, in particular, as we've seen other
markets move more towards the service provider market.

And let me just give you an example of that. If you take the IT datacom market, which traditionally we
were selling products that go just directly to equipment manufacturers. Well, as I think everybody on the
call knows, over the recent 5 or more years, maybe even a little bit more than half a decade, we've seen
increasing strength and increasing demand from web service providers.

How you work with a service provider is very, very different than how you work with an OEM, who,
ultimately, is making in a piece of equipment in a factory. And our experience in the cable products has
been invaluable to our team in making sure that we can react to the demand and the volatility of the
demand that is really endemic in any service provider business.

When I look at our results this year, in particular, in IT datacom, we did see extremely strong demand
from service providers, our ability to react on a moment's notice, the mindset of that is a mindset that
we developed, that we incubated originally in our cable business. And I think that, that's just a great
reflection of the broad value that we see in that business beyond just the fact that it does have, today,
a little bit lower margins. It's a much smaller piece of our business than it once was, but it's still an
important part of Amphenol's strategy.

Operator

The next question is Nick Todorov from Longbow Research.

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

I want to touch upon the outlook on the mobile device. Adam, I think you mentioned seasonal about
down 40%. Can you maybe give us a little bit more color because as we're looking at the data points,
smartphone sales are strong, PC sales remains strong as well as all the investments out of consumer
electronics. So maybe can you talk, what are you seeing that the first quarter is going to be more seasonal
than anything else?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, thanks very much, Nick. I think this is not an abnormal guidance that we see. Look, we had
very, very strong performance in mobile devices this year. We came into the year with an expectation of
the market being flat. I will tell you, I mean, we didn't give guidance at the time, but had you asked me
at the end of Q1, what would mobile devices be for the year? I probably would have thought it'd be even
down given the disruptions that we saw in the first quarter to our China facilities. And the vast majority, if
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

not all, of our mobile device production is really in China. And all of those factories were shut down, as you
know, for the better part of 3 weeks due to the early stage of the coronavirus. And then our team just did
an unbelievable job of reacting to the strength in the market.

And the strength this year, while there was, on a sequential basis, in the fourth quarter, strength in
smartphones, where we really saw a lot of strength this year was maybe not surprisingly in devices that
are needed by people when they're working, when they're learning, when they're being entertained at
home. So things like laptops, things like tablets, we saw a lot of strength in wearables. I know a lot of
people got on health kicks and maybe these wearables can be very useful there. A lot of strength in things
that go in your ears, your hearable devices, as we call them, and probably because you have a lot of
people doing work and school from home, and they might have other people in the same house, and they
want to have some privacy, whatever the reason is, there was just a great amount of strength, and our
team was able to react to quite unexpected demand.

And so, as you go into the first quarter, I think that we would expect normally some relaxation of that
demand I mean, look, anecdotally, I tried to buy Christmas present, for my wife and my daughter, of a
computer because they both have really old computers. And I totally failed as a father and a husband,
and they each got their present. One got it about a month late, and the other one still hasn't gotten hers.
So there was a real demand back in the fourth quarter, in particular, for these devices. And I think we
wouldn't expect such a continuation here in the first quarter.

Operator

Up next for questions would be Luke Junk from Baird.

Luke L. Junk
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

My question, I was wondering about the company's ability to, I guess, you could say, cross-pollinate
between the strength item that you cited in industrial as it relates to batteries and electric vehicles and
your core auto business, I guess I'm wondering, does that sort of 2-pronged approach open additional
doors for Amphenol?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Actually, Luke, it's a great question. The simple answer is yes. Our team working in industrial,
our team working in automotive, and there's a lot of crossover, by the way, in those teams. There's an
enormous amount of interaction from a technology, from a customer perspective to ensure that we're
maximizing our position with customers, whether they are making an electric bus or an electric sports car.

And so that interaction, as you call it cross-pollination, we call it inside Amphenol collaboration, is
something that we're doing all the time, and that's collaboration from a product development, making sure
that we're bringing a full suite of products to customers in each of those markets and really capitalizing on
that trend of electrification that we're seeing, again, not just in automotive, but we're seeing that trend
very significantly in the industrial market as well.

And I'd say that when you look at our performance in both of those end markets, which we talked about
with one of the earlier questions, it's not totally coincident that we're seeing those strong content growth
in both of those markets, some of which is being driven by this trend of electrification.

Operator

Next for our question is Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Adam, if we step back a couple of years over here, company was operating north of 20% operating
margins. You're slightly below that, embedded in your guidance over here on slightly higher revenues
versus 1Q '19.

Clearly, these are unprecedented times. There's been a lot of cost inefficiencies that have crept in because
of COVID. Can you maybe characterize if that is the reason why the margins are where they are? I mean,
clearly, very strong in the face of what has actually transpired, but still below a couple of years ago.

And I'm wondering if, a, you could help us think through what the reasons are, if it is truly COVID
inefficiencies? And if it is, how large are these? And how long do you expect them to persist, after which
we should start to see sort of back to historical levels of margin?

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Wamsi, thanks for the question. I think -- I mean, if you look about -- look back in the first quarter
of '19, we were certainly operating at very strong profitability at that point, honestly, and we finished the
fourth quarter at very strong profitability levels. So I guess I wouldn't necessarily just kind of look back
into '19 to kind of see a time where we're operating at strong profitability levels.

If you look at the fourth quarter, we already reached 20.6% here in the quarter. We certainly still see
some disruption related to the pandemic, and that's certainly embedded in those numbers, maybe slightly
offset by some other benefits we have in things like T&E. So I think I said last quarter that we kind of see
a relatively neutral impact in the second half of the year.

As we kind of go into the first quarter, our guidance really reflects, I would say, a sequential seasonal
decline, and we talked about approximately 10% kind of seasonal decline in sale. And that does, as you
mentioned, kind of imply a conversion rate may be slightly higher than our normal 30% downside, which
would maybe get to the profitability level in the 19%, kind of -- a little above 19% range.

So I think that that's probably the basis of your question. I mean I wouldn't say this conversion isn't --
certainly isn't so significant given the level of sequential decline we're seeing kind of going into the first
quarter. In addition, combined with the continued challenging kind of cost environment, we are seeing still
COVID-related inefficiencies. And I think that the company has really done a great job thus far, as you
saw in 2020 of dealing with those inefficiencies and really snapping back in a profitability level, but we are
seeing a little bit of a decline going into the first quarter from a sales perspective, which is going to have
some impact, and I think the team has done a great job dealing with that, and we'll continue to deal with
that. And so I'm really proud of kind of where we ended up in 2020. And I have no doubt that we'll get
back to those levels.

As it -- the other thing that's happening in the first quarter certainly is the acquisitions we just closed
on here in January, are having some small effect on the conversion, if you look sequentially into the first
quarter. And the ones we did in 2019, certainly wouldn't haven't made necessarily the progress that
maybe we would have expected in 2020 for very understandable reasons, I think, with -- dealing with the
pandemic, during 2020.

So I think there's a few reasons. But all in all, we're really happy with where we are with profitability,
certainly, in the second half here of 2020 and, to be quite honest, even in the first half, given the
challenges we had. And certainly, we are really confident that, as we go into 2021, you'll see those levels
of snap back to normal levels once COVID is behind us.

Operator

Up next for questions would be David Williams from Loop Capital.

David Neil Williams
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Just wanted to touch a little bit on the automotive market maybe and what your outlook is there. I know
you're not providing full year guidance, but if you're kind of thinking about the automotive market, in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

terms of the total growth this year and then maybe the mix of EV versus the traditional vehicle. What are
your thoughts around that, perhaps?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, you said it, David, we're not giving an outlook for the year. And I couldn't actually quote
for you exactly how much of our business is related to EV versus traditional. I don't have the numbers
close at hand. But what I can tell you is that we're seeing higher growth from EV applications over the last
several years. And so EVs definitely represent a higher proportion today than they did a year ago, 2 years
ago and 3 years ago, and we would expect, in the coming year or 2, for that trend to continue.

The EVs, not only do they tend to have potentially a little more content, but the nature of the content
can be more attractive and more interesting for a company because of the high reliability, the harsh
environment, the high-power aspects of those vehicles. So look, we'll see how the year progresses. We're
not giving, again, guidance, but we have seen good strength in EV, and we would expect to see that going
forward.

Operator

Up next question would be Chris Snyder from UBS.

Christopher M. Snyder
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I have a follow-up on auto. Can you talk a bit about the EV versus ICE competitive environment? Are you
seeing new entrants just given the different product mix and high-voltage focus. And conversely, does the
shift carry any implications from maybe some of the smaller competitors who could struggle to invest in
EV solutions, at least in the early days?

And I just asked because the company's outperformance on the auto side has been very strong the last
couple of quarters. I just want to see if there are any share shifts going on.

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, look, I don't know specific share shifts. What I do know is we're outperforming the market.
And so just, I guess, by definition, we're taking some share. And part of the reason for that is EVs and
part of the reason is other applications. Are there different competitors in an EV versus an internal
combustion engine? There may be -- I mean, there's different competitors for all different systems in the
car.

You have to remember, in our industry, there is not a monolithic competitive landscape. There are,
obviously, some companies that are publicly traded and well known, which are excellent companies. But
there's a whole diaspora of competition in the interconnect industry and each application may have a
different landscape of competitors than the application before it.

So I guess, by definition, yes, you're going to have some different competitors. I think our strength in EV,
in part, stretches back to the fact that we've been making high-power, high-voltage connectors for really
the entire history of Amphenol. That is a legacy. We would call it even a birthright of Amphenol with our
military, our industrial business.

And our ability to collaboratively share some of those underlying core technologies across our team, a little
bit like we discussed just a few moments ago, has really positioned the company well to be an enabler of
those next-generation systems, which are really mission-critical. So I think we're very happy to have a
whole diaspora of competition across all our markets, and that includes within automotive.

Operator

Our next question is from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

Adam, I was wondering if you could just dig into the weeds on the 2 acquisitions you just closed in
January. You had mentioned one was around harsh environment, and we know you're already a leader
in that area. And then the other one was tied to cable assemblies, and we know you have a pretty broad
offering there. So can you just sort of get into what attracted you to the businesses from a product
standpoint?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks so much, Steve. Look, these are both outstanding companies. We've known them both for
a long time. I mean the family who founded and still until we just closed recently Positronic, I've known
that family for, I don't know, a decade and a half. I mean, it's an outstanding company, Positronic, just
a real marquee brand in the interconnect industry, known for harsh environment, in particular, board
level, power connectors and some data connectors. These are IO connectors, these go on the Board.
They're used in a wide variety of systems in the military as well as in datacom for power and industrial
applications.

And it's very complementary, actually. A lot of the products that they have, Positronic, they have just a
real proprietary position across their customer base. And sometimes you look in admiration at the strength
of a company's position because of the uniqueness of their technology. And that's something that we have
done for many years with Positronic.

El-Cab is a little bit of a different story. El-Cab, first of all, is our first company that's really fully based
in Poland. Poland is an outstanding location for low-cost manufacturing with proximity to all of Europe.
And they have an excellent position in cable assemblies for industrial applications and, in particular, next-
generation, electric-powered industrial vehicles and whether that's buses, whether that's trucks, delivery
vehicles. They're also involved in marine-related cable assemblies.

But what really attracted us to them is they're just leading position in this sort of EV revolution, industrial
EV revolution. And that's something we've done a great job of in Asia, we've done a great job of it in North
America, and we've done a really a good job in Europe, but this accelerates our position in those -- in that
electrification of industrial vehicles in Europe.

And again, a fabulous team, family-owned company, great management, great products, great position.
Those are the factors that we always look for in acquisitions, and I think both Positronic and El-Cab deliver
wholeheartedly in all those areas.

Operator

Our next question is from Joseph Spak from RBC Capital Markets.

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Adam, you mentioned battery factories a couple of times. And look, they're likely to be trillions of dollars
of CapEx spent to build terawatts of capacity, not only for electric vehicles, but storage and other uses. So
it's probably one of the faster-growing market opportunities out there.

Is there anything you could tell us about Amphenol's opportunity in positioning in that market? And
are there some regional differences because I think a lot of the capacity right now is in Asia, but there
probably needs to be factories built all over the globe.

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think maybe it might have conflated a little bit, Joe. I think what I talked about was battery in EV
and factory automation, but not necessarily together. But the fact is you raise a very good point, which is,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

for sure, whenever you have a massive build-out of factories, be that for batteries, where there's a lot of
automation, next-generation vehicles, whatever, and we've seen a lot of build-out of factories. By the way,
semiconductor factories as well. You've seen the strength that we've had in instrumentation. Our position
in factory automation and instrumentation, test equipment and otherwise, interconnect for all of those,
puts us in a very strong position to benefit from the expansion of these facilities.

But when we talk about our sales of industrial products into battery applications, it's really actual
interconnect sensors that get integrated into these high-technology, high-voltage battery systems, both to
allow the signal of the battery, the power to come in and out of the battery and also the control systems
for these batteries, which is a wonderful opportunity, where there's a lot of kind of interconnect and sensor
applications where you're selling to customers just a complete solution to allow them to manage these
batteries and, thereby, get more efficiency and safety out of them once they're integrated into vehicles.

Operator

Up next for questions would be William Stein from Truist Securities.

William Stein
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

There's always been quite a focus on the trend to EV. But when we think about U.S. Federal energy policy,
it looks like there's, perhaps, a shift in the works to favor more renewables versus carbon-based. And I
wonder, Adam, if you can sensitize us to the potential impact of your business. Are renewable's a good
market for Amphenol relative to downhole, which I understand is very harsh and typically high-margin,
high-ASP sorts of connectors?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, look, we're agnostic, Will, to whatever that may be, if it's traditional oil and gas versus
renewables versus all that's related to renewables, the battery storage that Joe just asked about and
otherwise. We're really agnostic. I mean if you look -- as an example, last quarter, we had last quarter a
strong growth in alternative energy, and that was offset by a relatively strong decline in oil and gas. And
I think that's a good indication of the value and the strength of the diversified position that we have really
across all areas of whether that be power generation, power consumption, power storage. We've made
sure to not place a bet on kind of one trend or another but rather to be present, supporting customers
across the board.

And we are still supporting our oil and gas customers for sure. I mean, that's an important market. And I
don't think the world is totally detaching from fossil fuels. But if the trend is away from them, we're well
positioned either way.

Operator

Our next question is from James Suva from Citigroup.

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Adam and Craig, you've seen a lot of success with your company in automotive. It used to be about 5% of
the company. Now it's 20% of the company. Is most of that success coming from like the infotainment in
the cabin, the safety along the bumper or the batteries in it or the electronic motors? I'm just trying to see
because there's some big trends that are going on. I'm trying to see where has been the most part of your
strength in automotive.

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Well, Jim, thank you very much. I think you listed a lot of them. I mean the fact is, if I look over the
long term, and you've followed us for a very long time, and so you have a great sense of the arc of the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

progress of our automotive business over these many years. We started out in automotive many, many
years ago as the innovator of airbag connectors. And that was kind of our first thing we did, and we're
talking a long time ago. I think the first airbag was like in 1990 or something like that. So we're talking a
30-year time period.

And over time, we developed into interconnect products for satellite, radio and GPS and other
infotainment. We built through acquisitions and other -- and organic means presence in emissions control
and engine control, other electronics. And essentially, as the car adopted new electronic systems, we were
positioning ourselves, either organically or through acquisition, to participate in those next-generation
systems.

Our growth in automotive was never a question of kind of taking someone else's business that was a
legacy business. Rather, it was positioning ourselves as these new systems were developed to be there for
customers, for Tier 1s, for Tier 2s, whomever. And I think that's been very successful over all these years.

We believe there's still a lot more potential left in our automotive business. The growth in content in the
car is really outstanding, and we're not the only one to talk about that. In many ways, to me, a car is
becoming kind of a data center on wheels. It's becoming an electric powertrain on wheels, I mean, you
name it. And each of those new systems, many of which you mentioned, are contributors to the growth of
the company.

But what I wouldn't say is that any of them are disproportionate to our long-term success in that market.
I think it's been actually a relatively balanced contribution to that long-term success that, in particular,
we've seen over really the last decade.

Operator

And our next question on queue would be from David Kelley from Jefferies.

David Lee Kelley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Just wanted to ask about the industrial trajectory. You discussed and highlighted several secular
opportunities. It feels like, from a broad cyclical standpoint, industrial equipment seems to be ramping
back up, but we're also going to be comping against some difficult medical comps through the year. So
could you just talk about what you're seeing or what you do see as the biggest drivers for industrials in
2021?

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, look, again, we're not giving guidance for 2021. But when I look at the breadth of our
performance here at the end of the year as we closed out the year, and also throughout the course of the
year, it's just -- there's no single-story to the strength.

I mean, yes, great performance in battery EV, great performance in instrumentation, great performance in
medical. Again, I could give you a long list of the positive contributors to our industrial market. Will there
be some areas where there'll be a little bit of a tougher comparison? Obviously, the second quarter was
a particularly acute quarter for medical, where our team -- I mean, I just -- I cannot emphasize enough
how proud we were to be a contributor to the fight against COVID through our reactivity to the demand
for new medical equipment, whether that be respiratory therapy devices and the sensors and interconnect
products that are contained therein, whether that be hospital equipment to outfit ICUs and other patient
care devices. I mean that is something that we, at Amphenol, will forever be proud of, the contributions
that our team made to the fight against COVID to protect lives and to enable countries around the world
to have a fighting chance against this virus.

And so yes, will there be a little bit less maybe of some of those more acute care things? There could be,
but who knows. There was also, as many have talked about, reductions in elective procedures, which

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

actually reduced demand for certain medical equipment in some areas, too. And so maybe that has the
chance to come back.

I think there is not the visibility today, and thus, why we are not giving the guidance for the year for me
to say which of those segments, as we go through the course of the year, going to have the stronger or
the weaker performance. But for sure, we have positioned ourselves with our customers by being there for
them when they needed us most and they're -- in really the most critical of time periods. Such that to the
extent that they have business to give, I would expect that they will give, at least, if not more than our
fair share to Amphenol.

Operator

As of this time, we don't have any further questions in queue. I'll turn the call back to Mr. Lampo for his
closing remarks.

Richard Adam Norwitt
President, CEO & Director

Well, this will be Mr. Norwitt for one last remark here. And listen, thank you all for all of your great interest
in the company. We really appreciate everybody's support through this 2020. We know this was not
an easy year for all of you working from home and cooped up and not being able to come visit us, for
example, and we, for sure, Craig and I, the 2 of us, no doubt about it, look forward to the day where we
get to meet you in person again, host you here in our modest headquarters in Wallingford, Connecticut,
where we are today. And we look forward to great success and wish you all good health as we continue
into 2021. Thank you so much.

Craig A. Lampo
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you.

Operator
Thank you for attending today's conference, and have a nice day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AMPHENOL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

