Aon Plc NYSE:AON
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, February 05, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

2.46

2.62

6.50

3.90

9.64

9.81

1.76

10.70

2844.75

2965.00

4.23

3289.74

10946.90

11066.00

1.09

11333.83

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-22-2021 8:28 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.66

1.92

1.48

2.46

3.68

1.96

1.53

2.62

0.55 %

2.08 %

3.38 %

6.50 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
AON PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance &
CFO

Eric Andersen
President

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

ANALYSTS

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

David Anthony Styblo
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Meyer Shields
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AON PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning and thank you for holding. Welcome to Aon's plc Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would like to also remind all parties the call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may
disconnect at this time.

It is important to note that some of the comments in today's call may constitute certain statements
that are forward-looking in nature as defined by the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. Such
statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from historical results or those anticipated. Information concerning risk factors that could cause such
differences are described in the press release covering our fourth quarter and full year 2020 results as well
as being posted on our website.

Now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Greg Case, CEO of Aon plc. Sir, you may begin.

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

Thank you, Catherine, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year of 2020
conference call. I'm joined virtually by Christa Davies, our CFO; and Eric Andersen, our President.

As in previous quarters, we posted a detailed financial presentation on our website. There are very few
firms who can say they ended 2020 stronger than they began. And I want to thank our colleagues for
making Aon one of those firms. Our team delivered a tremendous year, set against the public health and
economic impact of COVID-19 and an overall unprecedented level of global volatility, punctuated by social
unrest around the world.

During the year, our colleagues came together to deliver results for clients to both time and energy to
getting to know the Willis Towers Watson team and the integration planning for our pending combination
and to support each other through personal and professional challenges.

One silver lining that we heard over and over from colleagues was that 2020 was a year of increased
connection across our firm. We saw our colleagues respond to the virtual environment for replacing in-
person connections both introducing experts and sharing thought leadership with clients. We felt the
impact of that connectivity as our COVID-19 task force ramped up to share insights and best practices.
And we saw it translate into client success as local teams won new business by seamlessly bringing
together colleagues from across the globe.

By all accounts, 2020 tested our firm. Looking back, it's clear that our colleagues not only passed,
although this diversity actually accelerated our long term strategy. Seeing our colleagues come together
and forged stronger connection in new ways was inspirational. And we'll build on these positive learnings
and practices in 2020 as we continue to reject the constraints of the so-called new normal and instead
look forward to defining a new better on our terms as we begin 2021.

Turning to financial performance. In the fourth quarter, we delivered a great finish to the year, with 2%
organic revenue growth across the firm, including 12% growth in Reinsurance Solutions and 4% growth in
Commercial Risk Solutions.

As in recent quarters, organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter was driven by strength in the core
areas of our business, reflecting the resilience of our firm in a challenging economic environment,
overcoming ongoing and expected pressure in the more discretionary areas.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AON PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

In particular, we would highlight growth in the core, driven by ongoing strong retention and net new
business generation as we continue to deliver innovative solutions to our clients in a challenging
environment.

We saw increased organic revenue growth as compared to the third quarter despite the somewhat larger
portion of more discretionary revenues in the fourth quarter. This strong result spend partially from
improvements in economic factors and sentiment around the virus and vaccine, which drives client buying
behavior and investment.

For example, we saw a positive impact to our revenue from construction starts and M&A activity in the
U.S. as well as from employment levels. I would also note that in more discretionary areas, we're seeing
meaningful variation in revenue growth across our businesses, with some recovering more quickly and
some more slowly, largely driven by external factors tied to economic reopening and recovery.

For example, I would highlight strength in voluntary benefits in Health Solutions, and Construction and
Commercial Risk. I would also note that more discretionary areas, like travel and events within data
and analytics and even capital within Retirement Solutions, continue to be impacted by economic and
pandemic-related conditions.

Our strong finish in Q4 contributed to full year financial results that demonstrate the strength and
resilience of our business in this uncertain economic environment. For the year, we delivered organic
revenue growth of 1%, operating income growth of 4%, with full year operating margins of 28.5%, an
increase of 100 basis points from 2019 and free cash flow growth of 64% to $2.6 billion, the highest free
cash flow in the history of our firm.

This outstanding progress against each of our key financial metrics is a direct result of our one firm
strategy, which guides everything we do in supporting colleagues, delivering value to clients and driving
shareholder value. We are well-positioned to continue to build on this momentum.

And while we see many positive signs for the economy, significant uncertainty remains, and we expect the
recovery will remain inconsistent. We continue to monitor several key factors, including GDP, asset values,
corporate revenues and employment.

As we look to 2021, though significant uncertainty remains, we expect, as economic conditions continue to
stabilize and improve, we anticipate modest growth in Q1, with growth increasing toward mid-single digits
as we continue through the year.

Looking back, the challenges we faced in 2020 underscore the importance of colleagues, our culture and
our commitment to inclusion and diversity. We've long observed that leaders who embody one firm are our
most successful leaders, both in delivering business results and driving colleague engagement.

And this year, we've seen that in special leadership trade results even stronger engagement and
confidence in the combination, as measured in a January poll survey reflecting high engagement and
consistently lower voluntary attrition, which decreased by 35% year-over-year from 2020 with strength in
every major region and solution line.

Further, we know the diverse talent, expertise and insights of our colleagues are vital to the success of
our firm and our clients, and we continually invest to attract, grow and retain the best talent. In support
of this priority, we announced the expansion of our apprenticeship program, including an investment of
$30 million over the next 5 years and development of a nationwide network of employers to create 10,000
apprenticeships by 2030.

With this expansion, we're building on our already successful program, which bridges the gap from
education to employment by bringing high school graduates into the workforce, while they complete
their college education. This program provides a fantastic pipeline of diverse talent and embodies our
commitment to inclusion and diversity.

In addition to emphasizing the importance of our colleagues and our culture, the events of 2020 exposed
the interconnected nature of risk and vulnerabilities in many companies. Our recently published 2020 risk

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AON PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

report highlights the increasing likelihood of connected extremes and reinforces that leading organizations
in the future will be defined by their ability to manage the global implications of long-tail risks.

In this survey of over 500 organizations across geographies and industries, 82% did not add pandemic in
their top 10 risks before COVID-19 struck, and only 30% had a pandemic plan in place. Looking forward,
respondents overwhelmingly agreed on the need for an enterprise-wide approach to risk.

We know that existing and emerging long-tail risks will continue to challenge organizations across all
industries and geographies. Organizations must prioritize strategies to address risks and resilience. We
also know our strategy enables us to support clients in this changing landscape because it enabled us to
understand their biggest challenges and bring world-class content, capability and innovative solutions to
bear.

And while we didn't architect our pending combination with Willis Towers Watson with the pandemic in
mind, we see that the pandemic and its associated economic impacts have increased our conviction and
the need to accelerate innovation to address client demand.

On the topic of Willis Towers Watson. Our excitement about the combination as well as the leadership
and talent from both sides continues to grow. Last week, we reached another important milestone with
the announcement of the combined executive committee that will be in place once the combination is
closed. This team embraces the commitment to a one firm mindset and brings together the best expertise,
talent and leadership from both organizations. This team also brings to the table an exceptional set of
experiences and capability, reinforcing the power of inclusion. As we said before, our culture is built to
bring the best of our firm to clients. It's an essential part of how we operate our firm and drive results.

At Willis Towers Watson, it's clear that their culture is equally focused on putting clients first. This newly
announced team will blend the best of those cultures And that client-focused mindset will guide everything
we do.

In summary, 2020 was a momentous year. Our performance and actions throughout the year reflect
exceptional resilience. Now the result of structural steps and investments we've made to ensure we're
ready to not only take on, but grow stronger in the face of these challenges. Further, we've demonstrated
momentum that will accelerate in combination with Willis Towers Watson. We begin 2021 in a position of
strength to continue executing our strategy and making progress on our key financial metrics, both the
stand-alone Aon and in our pending combination with Willis Towers Watson, creating a significant growth
opportunity for clients, for colleagues and for shareholders.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Christa for her thoughts on our financial progress this year and long-
term outlook. Christa?

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

Thanks so much, Greg, and good morning, everyone. As Greg highlighted, we delivered a strong
operational and financial performance in Q4 to finish the year, despite continuing macroeconomic
challenges, demonstrating the resiliency and strength of our business in any economic environments.

Turning to our results. We delivered organic revenue growth of 2% in the fourth quarter and 1% for the
full year, driven by ongoing strength in our core business, offset by pressure in our more discretionary
areas.

I would note, total reported revenue was up slightly, overcoming a nearly $100 million headwind from the
unfavorable impact of changes in FX as well as lower fiduciary investment income due to lower interest
rates globally.

We also delivered operational improvement for the full year, with operating income growth of 4%
and operating margin expansion of 100 basis points to 28.5%, continuing our trajectory of long-term
sustainable margin expansion.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AON PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

For the full year, adjusted operating expense declined 1% due to expense discipline and a reduction in
travel and entertainment, offset by increased compensation costs. Adjusted operating expenses increased
4% in fourth quarter.

Putting Q4 in context. Due to the significant uncertainty we saw during the year, we tightly controlled our
expense base and level of long-term investment in the business. During 2020, our organic revenue growth
improved sequentially from the second quarter through the fourth quarter, as internal and external factors
contribute to a strong finish to the year.

This led to a year-over-year increase in compensation benefits expense in the fourth quarter, a portion
of which was variable compensation. This resulted in a full year increase in adjusted compensation and
benefit expense of 1%.

I would also note that compensation expense increased in part because of our commitment during 2020 to
retain all 50,000 colleagues as well as lower voluntary attrition, which Greg described. As we said before,
we make decisions on expenses and margins in the context of each full year and expect to continue to
drive margin expansion in 2021.

For the full year, we translated strong operational performance into EPS growth of 7%, overcoming a
headwind from FX translation. If currency remains stable at today's rates, we'd expect this favorable
impact of approximately $0.20 per share or approximately $60 million of operating income in the first
quarter of 2021 due to a weaker dollar over the euro.

A key driver of our operational success has been the history of investment in our Aon Business Services
platform, which has undergone significant transformation over the last several years. The journey
began with initial group of 4,000 colleagues, after the divesture of our outsourcing business in 2017. By
centralizing activities, eliminating inefficiencies and promoting standardization, we delivered higher quality
service levels and cost savings with better scalability, flexibility and enhanced colleague experience.

Today, approximately 13,000 of Aon's 50,000 colleagues are part of Aon Business Services, focused on
driving operational improvement and enhancing how we serve clients. In 2020, for instance, we completed
our data center consolidation program in the Americas, closing an additional 10 data centers and achieving
$23 million of annual savings.

We increased the usage of our digital figures store by over 110%, saving more than 65,000 hours
annually. We renewed 90% of the nearly 9,000 U.S. commercial risk licenses paperlessly. And we
improved our global operations and shared capabilities, by delivering over 1 million hours of automation,
freeing colleague capacity for high-value activities with clients.

Looking forward, we expect to leverage our Aon Business Services platform to continue to drive
sustainable margin expansion. In addition, we see opportunities to embed best practices around agility
and connectivity into how and where we operate, ultimately reducing our overall real estate footprint over
the long term.

Turning to cash and capital allocation. Free cash flow increased 64% to $2.6 billion, primarily driven by
working capital improvements, including improved collections, a decrease in restructuring cash outlays
and strong operational improvement. We remain focused on maximizing the translation of revenue into the
highest level of free cash flow, as highlighted by our free cash flow margin of 23.9%, up substantially from
last year.

We allocate capital based on return on invested capital, cash-on-cash returns. We continue to maximize
shareholder value creation, highlighted by the $800 million of share repurchase in the quarter and nearly
$1.8 billion in 2020.

In 2021, we expect to continue to allocate capital according to this framework, and we expect share
repurchase will continue to be our highest return on capital investment, given our free cash flow valuation
and outlook. We expect to remain highly focused on closing, and then successfully integrating our
combination with Willis Towers Watson. Following that, we expect to continue to invest organically and
inorganically in innovative content and capabilities in our priority areas.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AON PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

We remain very confident in the strength of our balance sheet and manage liquidity risk through a
well-laddered debt maturity profile. Historically, we've looked to increase debt as EBITDA grows, while
maintaining leverage ratios. However, due to uncertain macroeconomic conditions, we expect to continue
to manage our leverage ratios conservatively in the near future and return to our past practice of growing
debt as EBITDA grows over the long term.

As I look towards 2021 and our pending combination with Willis Towers Watson, I'd like to reiterate how
excited we are about the newly announced leadership team, and the significant shareholder value creation
potential we see in bringing together our 2 complementary businesses, both from a top line growth, driven
by accelerated innovation to clients, and from the bottom line impact of $800 million in cost synergies.

We continue to work collaboratively with the appropriate regulators to gain approvals and are focused on
achieving a result that optimizes shareholder value. We remain committed to our expected close in the
first half of 2021.

In summary, our business has shown resiliency through the challenges of 2020. Our Aon United strategy,
underpinned by our Aon Business Services operational platform, has enabled historically high free cash
flow of $2.66 billion and enabled us to return nearly $2.2 billion of capital to shareholders in 2020.

As we head into 2021, through our pending combination with Willis Towers Watson, this momentum will
continue to enable long-term shareholder value creation.
With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'd be delighted to take your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AON PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question is coming from Dave Styblo of Jefferies.

David Anthony Styblo
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I wanted to circle back on your 2021 comments and appreciate the color there on the organic revenue
cadence, which seems to make sense. I did want to ask a little bit more about the margin expansion
opportunity. I know you talked about they're still having an ability to expand margins this year, of course.

And in that context, is it still going to be tough to achieve 70 to 80 basis points of margin expansion
towards your long-term target, given that you still might not have fully returned to the normalized cost
base? Or are there other efficiencies that you've been able to realize through COVID, more work from
home or other efficiencies, lower traveling expenses that still might make that range feasible this year?

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

Thanks very much for the question, Dave. So we are certainly committed to margin expansion in 2021.
And we don't give specific margin guidance in terms of how much we would grow each year. But as you
noted, Dave, we've driven long-term margins of 880 basis points over the last 11 years, so 88 basis points
a year on average.

And we -- that is really driven by accelerating organic revenue growth, the portfolio mix shifts to higher
revenue growth, higher-margin areas. And obviously as you noted, the Aon Business Services platform
continuing to drive productivity and efficiency for us.

And that will continue to occur, Dave, in 2021. We're really excited, as Greg highlighted, about
accelerating growth year-over-year, trending towards mid-single digits in the second half of the year. And
the margin expansion will be a result of that growth, the portfolio mix shift and the productivity from Aon
Business Services.

David Anthony Styblo
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then just on the free cash flow stepping off point from the $2.6 billion, have some easier
tailwinds of the things that weren't going to recur in 2020. As you jump off from that, though, is there
anything to note that's unusual in the 2020? Is that basically a clean number to go from there? And then
a related question to that. I know you've been continuing to make progress towards your $500 million of
working capital improvement over time. How far into that? How much of that have you achieved so far?

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

Yes. So Dave, first of all, the $2.6 billion is a clean number. And so there's nothing unusual about that
number. And then in terms of working capital, we obviously made some progress on working capital as we
saw in 2020. But we'd actually say that the $500 million is still the right long-term target for Aon working
capital.

So -- and Dave, the thing I think I've said before on that $500 million is that's just the number that gets
you to working capital-neutral. There are several countries in which we operate, we're working capital
positive. We don't think that is entirely reasonable for a threshold services fund.

And so we think that a $500 million is a conservative number. And we're definitely targeting underlying
free cash flow growth over the long term in the double-digit range.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AON PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

David Anthony Styblo
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then maybe a question for Greg and Eric, just about client engagement and retention.
How that is looking as you go forward into the year and new opportunities that continue to emerge as
from COVID? Maybe any changes in client demand or services that Aon should bring to the table better
than peers that you would highlight?

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

I think I'll start with that, Dave, and then Eric's had a number of examples we could draw from. Let's
say, listen, as client need and pressure continues to increase, it really does give us a great opportunity to
connect with them. And for all of its challenges and issues that COVID has brought to us, and there have
been many, one of the things that's also done with our Aon Business Services platform has allowed us to
connect to clients even more effectively.

Even yesterday, I was on a call that would have been a client meeting, 1 year ago with 100 clients
plus, we had 1,000 clients on yesterday. And so our ability to actually connect with clients and actually
demonstrate the full capability of the firm at a time of high need is actually going up. So you're seeing
more and more examples of our ability to drive new business, but as well as do more with existing clients,
given the capabilities we've got, really is happening all across the front.

But maybe, Eric, a couple of examples from your standpoint to bring?

Eric Andersen
President

Sure. Sure, Greg. And I think it's really based on the Aon United model that we've been working on, where
you certainly have to be excellent in each of our subject matter, capabilities and topics. But you have to
work together to manage the client in a more holistic way.

And so topics like health, retirement, talent are all really front line when you think about the COVID
angle of the question. And these topics aren't going away. How we deal with voluntary benefits, pool
employer plans, comp insights, all critical as our clients are looking to manage their colleagues through
this pandemic, not to mention sort of the return to workplace.

So as we look out in '21, we see a lot of opportunity to really help our clients during the challenging time.

Operator

The next question is coming from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

My first question, you guys had pointed to the larger discretionary piece of your business in the fourth
quarter, is serving to pressure organic. You guys came in at positive, too. So it seems like there was much
better strength across many of your businesses, probably than you expected 3 months ago.

So maybe if you could help us understand that. And then with that same discretionary piece, given that
reinsurance is a bigger component of the Q1, I'm assuming so that would serve as a tailwind to Q1
organic, just given that more of the reinsurance business comes on in the first quarter. Is that factored in
to your guide?

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

We really appreciate the question. As Eric just highlighted, there's so many opportunities that continue to
emerge to help clients at times of need and they're just continuing to emerge around the world. And some
of them are happening faster than we thought they would.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AON PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

If you think about the momentum into the fourth quarter, it really was in the core, and we continue to
perform well there. And then the discretionary pieces, as there was some promise on the recovery front,
the vaccine front, et cetera, we saw some of those discretionary areas like TL, transaction liability and
constrained in employment levels begin to come up.

But by the way, other areas, we still saw the pressure. I mentioned travel and events, as an example,
and some others. So it still remains mixed, but the trend is positive. And what you're really seeing is us
enabled to kind of interact in a very positive way with clients. And you're seeing that sort of build into Q4.
You're also seeing it as we think about our opportunities in 2021.

On the reinsurance front, again, team is fantastic. Eric, you talked about that, sort of which we -- as we
end Q4, the implications and also the thoughts for the first quarter in 2021 on the reinsurance side. The
great work by the team.

Eric Andersen
President

Yes, for sure. Certainly, Q4 has always been our smallest quarter in reinsurance that's been dominated by
-- historically by fac and investment banking. There were some good treaty wins that happened. Certainly,
there's a lot of action going on in that space in the third and fourth quarter in terms of new clients, new
company creation, and the like. And so we were there to be able to help those new clients and existing
clients really reposition their portfolios as they went into '21.

But I would say that continued into the first quarter. As the market dynamics being what they are, the
insurers are certainly looking to position and get support where they need it as they look to grow their
own portfolio. So great quarter, certainly on the back of a fantastic quarter 1 year ago. So to see that kind
of growth this year off the back of a 70% comparable was a special quarter for the team, and I think that
momentum is carrying into the first quarter of this year.

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

The only other thing I'd add is, Elyse, that Q1 2020 was a very strong comparable for us because it largely
was completed before COVID hit. And so while we've had terrific momentum coming into 2021, as Eric and
Greg described, that difficult comparable means that Q1 is likely to be a lower growth quarter than the
balance of the year.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then in terms of expenses, right, I think you guys alluded to, right, higher
expenses in the fourth quarter, just obviously, the year came in better than you expected just tying back
to comp and then obviously less employee turnover, I think you said.

But if I look at the quarter, right, Q1, your expenses were close to flat last year. Like is there anything
seasonally that you could point out with the expenses as we think to 2021? And obviously recognizing that
you don't have to guide to margins for the quarter, but anything within the expense base that we should
be thinking about?

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

No. There's really isn't. We would encourage you to step back and think about it, 2020 was truly
exceptional literally. And when you think about COVID-19, and we grew organically 1% versus last year at
6%, which was one of our all-time highs, expanded margin 100 basis points in 28.5% and great cash, as
Christa described, to the highest level in our history, grew at 60%, 60-plus percent.

And this momentum that we built throughout the year in 2020 is, we believe, is going to carry over into
2021. So there really isn't anything we would focus on in Q4 that you should really over-rotate on. But it

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AON PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

does reflect, really the great work of our colleagues and improving external factors, which impacted from
the client, as I described.

But we wanted to really recognize the performance of our colleagues in the year, and that certainly shows
up, but we'd encourage you to sort of think about the overall year and the overall build and how it's going
to carry into 2021.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. And then one last one. You guys laid out like the mid-single-digit or greater organic later in the
year. I'm assuming that factors in, right, that you will close this merger at some point in the first half of
the year, obviously undergoing some regulatory review. So can you just give us an update?

I think you said closed this year, just update timing-wise things where you expect on the regulatory front,
and I'm assuming you still expect this deal to close at some point in the first half of 2021?

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

So thanks so much for the question, Elyse. What I would start with is saying the guidance we gave on
revenue was we're moving towards mid-single digit over the course of the year, so not greater.

The second thing I'd say is the guidance is Aon-only. We certainly wouldn't give guidance to the combined
until we close. And then third, we are on track to close in the first half of year as we've outlined when we
announced the deal.

Operator

The next question is coming from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So first, I just had a question on the transaction and the Willis deal. You've already obviously put together
a management team. So it seems like you're confident that the deal will go through. But what are your
views on potential disposition as you go through the regulatory approval process? And I think you've said
in the past, you wouldn't have to do much, but has that changed now as you've had more time?

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

Thanks for the question, Jimmy. We remained incredibly committed to our combination with Willis Towers
Watson, who's thrilled about the nearly announced leadership team, as you described, who will lead us in
accelerating innovation on behalf of clients and create shareholder value.

The businesses are complementary and operating in competitive areas of the economy, and we believe
we've got the arguments and evidence to ensure a positive outcome. We continue to work collaboratively
with the appropriate regulators to gain approvals in a timely manner. And as we've said since we
announced the deal, we expect to close in the first half of 2021, and we're on track to do that.

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

And I would add, Jimmy. I want to come back to the audit for a second, if I could. Obviously we're going
to operate completely separately until we close. No question about that, in any way, shape or form. But we
have had a chance to sort of get this group together and begin the planning process.

And it's just been incredibly extraordinary, very gratifying to see this kind of talent come together to
think about what the possibilities are in the future of the firm, both in helping clients in the here and now,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AON PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

but also on thinking about how we can help them and some of the most important issues as they come
forward and certainly pandemic -- Europe pandemic has certainly highlighted a number of those.

But if you think about climate on the horizon, things like intellectual property, cyber, all these things sort
of out there, and this team has really begin to come together. Thinking about a one firm approach to how
we deliver the best of our capability.

I mean, it's really been -- it's been extraordinary, very invigorating for all of those as we come together.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. I guess we'll find out when the approvals come through. But on the -- and then relatedly on the cost
savings, as you've looked more into the business, have you -- do you -- like it seems like the $800 million
target you've outlined versus historical deals is somewhat conservative. Have your views on that changed
at all?

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

So Jimmy, we would say we remain at the place where we've been, which is the $800 million, we
feel really confident in achieving. It is 5.5% of the combined cost base. That compares to 11% of the
combined cost base we achieved in Aon Hewitt and 18% of the combined cost base we achieved at Aon
Benfield.

And the components of that are people and IT and real estate. And as we've got into the integration
planning, we feel extremely confident about achieving the $800 million. And as we've said, this year,
we're very sort of confident about achieving that through the -- based on the strength of our Aon Business
Services platform, which is allowing us to bring together the operations of Aon and drive improved quality,
consistency and then efficiencies over time.

Operator

The next question is coming from Greg Peters of Raymond James.

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

My first question is, you've had a lot of time, obviously, to study the Willis Towers operations. And
one of the areas where I feel like the company has been -- hasn't delivered the full benefit of margin
improvement would be in their corporate risk and broking business.

As you've looked at that business, can you walk us through how your views are on how you can -- and
when it's combined with Aon, how you can deliver the margin improvement that you're thinking about?

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

Greg, just talk for a couple of thoughts and then first, I'll step back and say we have had a lot of time in
the planning process over the course since we announced in March.

And I would tell you, as we continue to compare notes on the possibilities, again, we can't operate
together until we close in any way, shape or form. Our excitement on the possibilities continues to build,
and it really is in multiple areas.

This core content and capability that exists across both organizations, we have very high expectations
when we announced March 9. They've been exceeded substantially in multiple categories. And we think
about the opportunity to drive growth -- organic growth on behalf of clients, and we see it in multiple
categories.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AON PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

All these things come together to reinforce opportunities to both drive top line and also drive margin
improvement, which by the way, we see for Aon, front and center, before we get any place else.

So we just want to highlight, we see tremendous opportunity, both on the top line side and on the margin
side for the combined firm for all the reasons, Christa has outlined. And everything we've seen since March
9 has only reinforced that. It's just been terrific.

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Great. And the second question, and I'll pivot back to the organic revenue growth. I mean, we're watching
and listening to all the carriers that have reported, talk about how the strong pricing environment has
helped not only improved their margins but improved their revenue growth.

And it seems like for Aon that there's been a tailwind benefit on the pricing side. And I'm wondering if you
can sort of reconcile the difference between the benefit from pricing and the actual benefit to organic for
you guys from unit count growth, if that makes sense?

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

Well, it certainly does, Greg. We would come back and to [indiscernible] from an overall pricing set, we
really look at market impact, which is really a function of how you describe price and then insured values
and all of things to come with that.

And then it really is client behavior. And so from our standpoint, we would say all the pricing impacts have
really had modest impact on our performance. It really is around what we're doing fundamentally with
clients. Maybe ask Eric to give a couple of examples of where this is.

But really, Greg, just when we stepped back, it really is about this is when Aon can really show up
and help clients succeed in times of need. And they do a lot of reconfiguring as we think about as the
environment changes.

But maybe, Eric, a couple of examples, does that make sense?

Eric Andersen
President

Sure, Greg. It's never really a straight line between what the carrier points out is what they say is the unit
price versus what a client actually does.

Maybe to put it in a little bit of context, when we sit with the client, we first do the risk identification
process by trying to help them understand exactly what risk they're trying to protect. Can they mitigate it
themselves in a way that either through contracts or different changes of behavior? And can they finance
it themselves, right, either to a captive or just using their balance sheet?

So A lot happens with a client before they even risk transfer. So just always good to keep that in mind. But
when they do decide the risk transfer, they certainly go into a market, and we help them with insight with
regard to options and structures and whether it's retentions or deductibles, coinsurance, limits a variety of
things that clients will look at in terms of what their budget is able to do, and they'll make their trade-offs.

So it's never really a straight line as to the unit cost as to what the client behavior actually sort of
manifests itself in. And you see that in a couple of distressed products that are out there today. Certainly,
D&O is one that's gotten a lot of attention how we work with clients to help them make those choices in
terms of the protection that they provide. Cyber is another, property and catastrophe exposed areas.

So there's a lot that goes into before they go to market as opposed to what they buy inside the
marketplace. And so it's frankly, an area where our teams have been focused on now for the last 24
months as the market has gotten firmer, to help clients make those trade-offs because they're dealing
with the marketplace now at a time where many of them are feeling stressed, in general, on their own
businesses.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AON PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

And so how they make those trade-offs become more acute, in the last -- certainly, in the last 12 months?
And would expect that, that behavior and that process would continue going into this year.

Operator

The next question is coming from Suneet Kamath of Citi.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

So one question we get a lot from investors is that when you think about the combination with Willis that
some of your clients may want to limit their concentration to one broker, one adviser. Can you just provide
some color on how you're thinking about that maybe influenced by the conversations that you're having
with your clients?

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

I'll start with the following. We have -- it's always been our practice when we step back and sort of we get
tremendous amount of client feedback. We call it voice with the client. And we've done it really for the last
decade and continue to sort of proven to that.

Obviously since the March 9 announcement, we've done a tremendous amount of workforce of the client,
getting their insight, guidance perspective views on how we can better support them and serve them. I
will say, it's been overwhelming.

As we dig in with clients, and they understand that we're all about bringing them the best of the now, all
the things they could do in the current environment. Eric has described a number of different challenges
that are out there and how we're going to help serve them better.

But also the challenges that are -- used to be on the horizon are now in their doorstep. And they're asking
questions around what about the next pandemic, what do we do? I don't want to think about cyber, right?
The market is still relatively small, $6 billion, $7 billion against a connected client impact of closer to $1
trillion. What do we do about that?

By the way, they know climate is going to be front and center already is, but really going to be front and
center in pandemic as the sites they're behind us. So they're asking questions to me around how do I
address these long-tail risks that are being asked of me by CFOs and CEOs and Boards of Directors?

So what I'm trying to highlight is need has never been higher. And the solutions that we must bring to
bear have got to evolve. We have to be better in supporting them. And we as -- we start with Aon in
the entire industry, and they see this combination as a chance to reverse the trend in which our overall
relevance has actually declined as a percent of risk, as a percent of GDP over the last 30 years. And they
see real promise in that.

So our feedback has been overwhelmingly positive across the globe on what this combination would mean
for them. And we're very excited to work hard to meet those needs on their behalf.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then just on the regulatory approval front. Yesterday, there was a bill that was introduced
around potential changes to antitrust reform. I know your deal has announced a while ago, but do you
see anything from the new administration, inclusive of yesterday's bill, that could impact the timing of the
approvals that you get from the regulators?

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

Look, we appreciate the question, Suneet. But what we would say is, as we've said since we announced
the deal, we expect to close in the first half of 2021. And we are on track to do that. And so we are really

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AON PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

excited about the combination with Willis Towers Watson and our newly announced leadership team who
will help us in accelerating innovation for clients.

Operator

The next question is coming from Meyer Shields of KBW.

Meyer Shields
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Two questions, I guess. I understand that the outlook for organic growth is for Aon alone. I was hoping
you could help us at least think about directionally whether the combination with Willis and the associated
innovation, would that outpace the sort of necessary distractions of integration? Or should we expect
maybe some slowdown in organic growth in the earliest parts of the combination post close?

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

So Meyer, one way to answer this is, if you recall, on the 9th of March, when we announced the
combination, we actually gave guidance to the combined firm of mid-single digit or greater.

And I would note that, that is higher than what Willis Towers Watson had produced historically. And the
reason -- and we did mid-single-digit growth or greater from year 1. And so that gives you a sense of how
confident we are in the new areas of unmet client need in our existing business and in brand-new areas
of demand, where there are no products and solutions today, areas like intellectual property, climate and
cyber.

So we're really excited, Meyer, about the growth potential of the combined firm.

Meyer Shields
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

No, that's very helpful. Second question, Christa, in your opening comments, you talked about -- or
inorganic growth after closing on Willis Towers Watson. And I was hoping you could flush that out in terms
of whether we should think about that in your current business lines or maybe new opportunities for
business services.

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

So Meyer, I would say, we're really excited about the potential to invest organically and inorganically in
content and capabilities, in areas like digital, where we have acquired CoverWallet earlier in '20. In areas
like intellectual property, in areas like climate, so in lots of areas across our business. And so there are
many priority areas, Meyer, I would say, where they are higher revenue growth, higher-margin, higher on
our capital businesses, and we're really excited about investing in these areas to develop new solutions for
clients to meet their unmet needs.

Operator

And our last question is coming from Phil Stefano of Deutsche Bank.

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. In discussing debt leverage, it feels like the plan is to keep it low versus historical leverage at this
point, and then we continue to grow debt with EBITDA.

Was this a structural shift downwards in what you think the appropriate debt leverage is at this point? Or
is there some kind of debt issuance catch-up coming in the out years as the uncertainties of the current
environment abates?

Christa Davies

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AON PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

Yes. Thanks for the question, Phil. What I would say is it's really about the fact that we're managing
conservatively, our cash level, given the macroeconomic uncertainty, which still remains, and we're
obviously heading into Q1, which is our seasonally lowest free cash flow quarter of the year.

But I'd say, we're fully committed to maintaining our current credit ratings. And longer term, we'll look to
increase debt as EBITDA grows, while maintaining leverage ratios.

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. For the [indiscernible] $0.20 impact in first quarter '21. Can you frame for us what this could look
like at current exchange rates for the full year or even looking past first quarter?

Christa Davies
Executive VP of Global Finance & CFO

We haven't given that guidance, Phil. But what I would say is Q1 is the majority of the impact of the year.
It's primarily driven by a higher euro versus U.S. dollar,

[Audio Gap]

program and how it impacts diversity and inclusion.

I guess, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about ESG and the strategy there. And part of, to me, what
is underlying this question is we've seen some carriers step away from certain products in full, and that
they're not going to ensure projects like that and more. I mean, look, when I think of Aon, I think of a
solution for unmet needs and being strategic in how you help clients place that risk.

But if carriers are stepping away from things like that, to me, there could be competing efforts of you
being a solution for unmet needs, but also having your own ESG policies that maybe coal isn't within your
wheelhouse anymore. So coal is just an example, but you can talk more broadly than that, but just to help
you clarify how I'm thinking about this.

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

Well, listen, it isn't one [indiscernible] all since it's a terrific question. I really appreciate it all.

Listen, we are absolutely committed in every way to implementing ESG best practices, internally for sure,
and to promote resiliency. But listen, the picture on it is so important.

The way the industry can play, relating to climate, it's [indiscernible]. Again, if you think about where we
are, everyone's focused on the pandemic in many respects now, but this is just who gets the sides behind
us. Climate change in our view is going to be front and center.

And it's going to be a challenge. When you think about matching capital with risk, not to solve what
energy source it is, but literally the transition risk, the clients -- transition pressure, they're getting
transition volatility -- why don't we identify capability?

How do I identify capital to help them do that? And the combination with Willis Towers Watson, we believe,
will be formidable. There's tremendous capability in Willis Towers Watson that John Haley and his team
has done a great job developing over time. That, combined with what we have, we think we ever shot to
really make a difference, helping clients make better decisions as they think about this transition volatility
that everyone is going to encounter as you think about addressing the climate challenges.

So this is a high priority for us inside of Aon in our own world, for sure. And you'll see that, by the way,
we've got an upcoming 2020 impact report that's going to detail our commitment around carbon neutrality
and all pieces around that. But really, the opportunity here is what we can do on the outset clients. And

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AON PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

it is, in our view, again, another -- it's just not been addressed in a way that's meaningful and it's a real
opportunity for the industry to make a difference, and we look forward to doing.

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

And just one quick follow-up on that. I guess, part of the question is, is there a conflict? Am I thinking
about this right, that some of the clients who have unmet needs, you may not be able to meet those
needs simply because of your own ESG framework and certain pieces of environmentally risky business
that you might want to get away from?

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

Yes. Listen, at the individual level, there's always different circumstances that are going to come up.
But if you take a step back and think about the implications of the climate change overall, this is the
global economy. This is largely massive, massive challenge around increased volatility that's going to be
absorbed by companies as they address this challenge.

Our ability to help reduce that over time is, we think, substantial. And that is why and this is a massive
opportunity. It's going to require though new insight, new innovation, evolution beyond where our industry
has done, beyond what we have done. And that's why back to why the combination? What's it all about?
It's about being able to address some of the types of these issues. Climate is one. Cyber is another one,
that's so underdeveloped substantially, intellectual property.

So all these fit in this category fell around massive unmet client needs that is growing over time, that
we've got to bring solutions towards. And so all these categories to us point to substantial opportunity.

Operator

I will now turn the call back to Mr. Greg Case for closing remarks.

Gregory Clarence Case
CEO & Executive Director

Just wanted to say to everyone, thanks so much for joining us this quarter. We look forward to our
discussion next quarter. Have a great day.

Operator
This will conclude today's conference. All parties may disconnect at this time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AON PLC FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

