Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 

NYSE:ADM
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 30, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.56

0.64

14.29

0.76

3.18

3.57

Revenue  (mm)

15707.39

14970.00

(4.69 %)

16479.19

65837.78

67357.73

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-30-2020 6:12 AM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

0.65

0.71

0.73

0.56

0.60

0.77

1.42

0.64

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

(7.69 %)

8.45 %

94.52 %

14.29 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

Victoria de la Huerga
VP of Investor Relations & ADM
Ventures

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Benjamin Joseph Kallo
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Benjamin Shelton Bienvenu
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Heather Lynn Jones
Heather Jones Research LLC

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Michael Leith Piken
Cleveland Research Company

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Thomas Marc Alfred Simonitsch
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vincent Alwardt Anderson
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ADM First Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Now I'd like
to introduce your host for today's call, Victoria de la Huerga, Vice President, Investor Relations for Archer
Daniel -- ADM. Ms. de la Huerga, you may begin.

Victoria de la Huerga
VP of Investor Relations & ADM Ventures

Thank you, Jack. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's First Quarter Earnings Webcast. Starting
tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation,
please turn to Slide 2, the company's safe harbor statement, which says that some of our comments and
materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates
of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results.
These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risk
and uncertainty. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning
assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation,
and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC report.

To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements as a result of new information or future events.

On today's webcast, our Chairman and CEO, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of ADM's actions and
operations in the current situation, our plans for the future and our view of market conditions. Our Chief
Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results as well as the drivers of
our performance. Juan will then share some closing comments.

Afterwards, they'll take your questions.

Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Victoria. Thank you to everyone who's joining us. I hope everyone listening is staying safe and
healthy. These are, obviously, extraordinary times. So I would like to take a little time today to share with
you my thoughts on 3 important topics. First, how ADM is working to protect our teams and how we are
continuing to provide nutrition to the world; second, how we're thinking about our strategy and long-term
plans in these unique times; and third, some views of the near and medium-term demand environment
and market conditions.

Let me start by offering my thanks to our global team and partners. Across more than 800 facilities
and thousands of transportation assets around the globe, ADM colleagues in the first quarter not only
maintained our operations, but in some areas, set production records. These men and women are
supporting the global food supply chain, and because of them, millions, even billions of people who don't
know ADM can eat every day. We are grateful for that commitment.

Thousands of other colleagues have been enabled by our IT team to work remotely and are showing
their flexibility and ingenuity to keep the rest of our business running smoothly. Just a month ago, we
were having discussions about whether we'd be able to have this earnings call on our normal quarterly
schedule or whether we should delay a week or more. Thanks to our global business services, IT and
financial teams, we closed our Q1 books, and we're ready to have this call with you today. Take this across
38,000 colleagues, and you can see why, as of today, ADM is continuing to fulfill our purpose by providing
nutrition around the globe without any significant operational interruptions due to COVID-19 outbreaks.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

I'm honored and grateful to be part of this great team. And I hope all of our ADM colleagues who are
listening on this call are proud of their achievements as well.

Our leadership team is doing everything we can to support our colleagues. Circumstances change fast. So
every morning, since early February, our cross-functional leadership team has met to review the global
situation, evaluate new risks and make timely decisions to protect our teams and our business. We put
in place strict guidelines to protect our employees and contractors from enacting travel restrictions early
in the year to a critical focus on enabling social distances in our production facilities, to ongoing remote
work. When colleagues do develop symptoms, we have protocols designed to protect them and others who
might have come in contact with them as well as support continuity of operations. This includes paid leave
for all colleagues during required quarantine periods where necessary, to support them and their families.

So far, only a relatively small number of ADM colleagues have tested positive. Tragically, we did suffer
our first COVID-related fatality 2 weeks ago. Our thoughts are with everyone who has been personally
impacted by this disease. Our ADM colleague emergency fund is available for team members who are
facing economic hardship due to the crisis. And through ADM Cares, we have committed funds and other
resources to support others in communities around the world who are serving on the front line in the fight
against COVID-19.

We also made some early decisions in order to strengthen ADM's position during what was sure to be
a challenging operational and economic environment. For example, our balance sheet has historically
been a source of strength for ADM. And in March, we further enhanced our cash position and reduced
our exposure to short-term credit market risks by issuing $1.5 billion in term debt. We are taking other
actions, including reducing capital spending to reflect practical limitations in these environments -- in this
environment, while still completing projects necessary to maintain our facilities in same hot productive
order and advance critical strategic projects.

Our team is delivering. Our first quarter adjusted earnings per share was $0.64. Adjusted segment
operating profit was $643 million, and our trailing fourth quarter adjusted ROIC was 7.6%. Our
performance is a testament to our team's ability to fulfill our critical role in the global food supply chain
and deliver results to our shareholders despite incredibly challenging circumstances.

Please turn to Slide 4. As you can see, even amid these global challenges, we're also continuing our work
to ensure ADM remains strong and vital in the years to come. We are not slowing down in our commitment
to delivering our strategy, nor in our focus on the business drivers under our control and our actions to
improve the company. I'm proud that even as our team was keeping our operations running under difficult
circumstances, we also made great progress advancing the strategic imperatives we've defined this year.
With accomplishments like improving capital efficiency in Ag Services and Oilseeds, advancing our center
of expertise structure with a new global supply chain organization and delivering on our Neovia synergies
more than 2 years ahead of our target.

And we continue to advance readiness, which since the program began, has unlocked $920 million in
run rate benefits on an annual basis. All told, thanks to our team's great work, we have achieved about
30% of our $500 million to $600 million in targeted improvements for 2020. And we continue to feel good
about reaching our goal by the end of the year.

We're also ensuring we live up to our critical role as a steward not just of our company, but of the natural
resources that are vital to our business and our future. In 2011, we announced our 15x20 plan in which
we committed to per unit improvements in energy use, greenhouse gas emissions, water and waste to
landfill by 2020. We met each of those goals ahead of schedule. And this year, we were proud to unveil
even more ambitious commitments to reduce our absolute greenhouse gas emissions by 25% and our
energy intensity by 15% in the next 15 years.

Finally, I'd like to talk a little bit about our view of the markets and our future. With major Western
economies shut down, we are encouraged by the actions many nations are taking to contain the spread
of COVID-19 and enable an eventual recovery. How that recovery unfolds, where and at what pace is
something we'll be monitoring very carefully. And while precise predictions at these points are difficult,
there are a few ways we can categorize some of the market impacts we are seeing.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

We saw short-term acceleration in demand for certain products, such as flour or staple packaged goods
that we provide flavors and ingredients for, as consumers loaded their pantries in advance to stay-at-home
orders. Many of these products have reached or will reach saturation point, and we expect demand to
normalize. Then there are products that have been impacted as a direct result of the various national and
local stay-at-home orders.

For ADM, that includes refined oils for foodservice as well as biofuels like ethanol and biodiesel. As you
know, we made the difficult decision last week to idle 2 of our dry mills amid continued low gasoline
demand. We will expect to see some of this demand build back in as economies reopen, though there will
be a significant variability depending on when and how those reopenings occur.

We're also seeing volatility in margin environments for certain commodity products as the markets
constantly reevaluate global supply and demand balances due to a variety of factors. One key element
we're following closely here is the Phase 1 trade agreement with China. We've seen good buying of U.S.
agricultural products by China so far this year, which could bode well for future purchases in the back
half of the year. Equally as importantly, our global footprint gives us continued confidence in our ability
to support global trade flows of food and agricultural products. Then there are the change in behaviors
which might have longer-term impacts. For example, in the food market, we are seeing a back-to-basics
approach, a desire for comfort foods, snacks and staple goods, while consumers are staying home.
We're seeing consumers increasing their purchases online, which impacts demand for industrial starches
used to make cardboard. And we're seeing an increase in interest in products that support health and
wellness. There are many unknowns. What we do know, however, is that the transformation that ADM
has undertaken over the last several years is now helping ensure that we're well equipped to pivot to
whatever our customers require and whatever the world needs. We built up our product portfolio, our
footprint, our innovation and our agility. And we're planning for the future. For example, as we thought
about the potential for longer-term changes in how we all interact with each other, our team launched
virtual innovation sessions with customers in order to ensure we can continue to meet their needs. We
aren't immune from some of the negative effects of the pandemic and its economic fallout. But we're
confident in the ability of our great team to continue to provide nutrition around the globe.

Now Ray will take us through our business performance before I come back to offer some final comments
before we go to Qs and As. Ray, please?

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Juan. Good day, everyone. Please turn to Slide 5. I'd like to start by echoing Juan's thanks to our
ADM colleagues around the globe. We're fortunate to have this team and very grateful for their dedication.

As Juan mentioned, adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.64, up from the $0.46 in the prior year
quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $643 million. Our trailing
4-quarter average adjusted ROIC was 7.6%, higher than our 2020 WACC of 5.75%. And our trailing
fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was about $3.5 billion. The effective tax rate for the first quarter of
2020 was approximately a positive 4% compared to an expense of 26% in the prior year. The favorable
current quarter rate was due primarily to the impact of U.S. tax credit signed into law in December,
including railway maintenance tax credits. The tax credits primarily benefit our business partners and are
substantially passed on to them through the prices of goods and services we negotiate to support their
respective businesses. That maintenance expense is reflected in the cost of goods sold line of our GAAP
statements and in the other charges line in the management statements.

Looking ahead, we're now expecting effective tax rate to be in the range of 13% to 15% before any
discrete tax items. We generate about $800 million of cash from operations before working capital for the
year, higher than 2019. Return of capital for the first quarter was about $315 million, including about $110
million in opportunistic share repurchases that will offset dilution for the year. We finished the quarter
with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 29%, down from 32% a year ago. Capital spending for the
quarter was about $200 million. As Juan said, in view of a more challenging environment to execute
capital projects, for example, due to social distancing consideration, we're reducing our capital spending
plans. We expect spending for the year to be closer to $800 million, down from our initial guidance.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

We'll continue to advance projects and invest in maintenance necessary to run our operations safely and
effectively, of course, but some discretionary projects will be put on hold.

Next slide, please. Over the past several years, we have been diversifying our sources of funding,
particularly working capital funding, so as not to be reliant on any 1 source. These new sources of funding
include Euro CP facilities, U.S. and international receivable securitization facilities and the structured
trade financing facilities. In March, we added to this diversification by putting in place a U.S. inventory
financing facility. As it became apparent that the COVID-19 situation could disrupt capital markets, we put
in place additional global credit facilities as well as issued $1.5 billion of term debt in order to minimize
rollover risk of our commercial paper program. The term debt was rated solid single A. In addition, we
have been approved for the Federal Reserve's Commercial Paper Funding Facility, which would serve as an
additional backstop to our U.S. commercial paper facility. As a result, at the end of March, we had cash
and marketable securities of $4.7 billion and available untapped global credit facilities of $5.9 billion. The
$4.7 billion of cash is much higher than the normal $1 billion that we would normally carry as a precaution
due to dislocations in the short-term credit markets we saw in the month of March.

In future quarter ends, you should expect us to carry significantly lower cash balances as we now have
the other liquidity facilities in place. We also had $5.6 billion of readily marketable inventories, which, if
needed, we could sell very quickly and turn into cash. When taken together, we feel confident that we will
be able to comfortably weather any prolonged downside economic scenarios and continue funding all of
our financial and capital spending obligations, including dividends, in the foreseeable future.

Please turn to Slide 7. Other business results were slightly down year-over-year. Future commission loss
provisions were partially offset by improvements in captive insurance operations. In the corporate lines,
unallocated corporate costs of $189 million were slightly higher year-over-year principally due to the
continued investments in IT and business transformation. Other charges increased due to the railroad
maintenance expenses, that I referred to earlier, that we funded on behalf of U.S. short line railroads, and
which had an offsetting credit and tax expense, partially offset by improved foreign hedging results on
intercompany funding.

Net interest expense for the quarter was lower than last year, benefiting from lower average borrowing
costs from liability management actions taken in late 2019. Effective January 1, we decided to discontinue
LIFO inventory valuation method accounting. And the corporate results include a LIFO credit of $91 million
or $0.12 per share due to the reversal of the LIFO reserve balance.

Please turn to Slide 8. The Ag Services and Oilseeds team did a great job to deliver strong results. Ag
Services results more than doubled versus the first quarter of 2019, which was negatively impacted by
high water conditions in North America. Excellent performances in destination marketing, in structured
trade finance drove extremely strong results in global trade. Robust farmer selling in Brazil drove higher
year-over-year origination volumes and margins, which are partially offset by weaker results in North
America. Crushing results were lower than the prior year period. The team delivered high overall crush
volumes, including a Q1 record for soy crush. Execution margins were solid, billed below their high
realized margins in the first quarter of 2019, which benefit from the short crop in Argentina. The prior year
quarter also benefited from about $75 million of positive timing impacts.

Refined products and other results were higher versus the first quarter of 2019. Higher margins in both
biodiesel and refined oils in North America were offset by lower biodiesel margins in EMEA. Peanut shelling
results were significantly improved versus the prior year period, as our improvement actions continue
to strengthen that business. Wilmar results were significantly higher year-over-year due to stronger
performances in tropicals and oilseeds and grain.

Slide 9, please. Carbohydrate Solutions results were lower than the first quarter of 2019. As a reminder,
starting this quarter, we are reporting different subsegments within this business. The new Starches and
Sweeteners subsegment, including wet mill ethanol results, was down year-over-year, largely due to about
$50 million in negative mark-to-market impacts on forward sales of corn oil, much of what could reverse
over the balance of the year. Absent those impacts, results were higher due to improved manufacturing
costs, driven in part by improvements made at the Decatur complex last year, strong results in wheat
milling as customers fill pantries and improved performance and conditions in EMEA, including stronger

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

demand and lower input costs. Vantage Corn Processors or VCP, which includes our dry mill ethanol
results, was slightly higher versus the prior year pro forma results. Effective risk management, combined
with the lack of severe weather impact seen in the first quarter of 2019, helped offset weaker industry
ethanol margins caused by significantly decreased demand. To bring the transition -- to bridge the
transition this quarter under the prior segmentation of Carbohydrate Solutions, the old Starches and
Sweeteners would have reported about $160 million of operating profit, and the Bioproducts subsegment
would have reported about negative $92 million of losses, including the $50 million of negative mark-to-
market impacts, which would have been split roughly equally between the 2 subsegments. We have also
included a pro forma 2019 restatement of Carbohydrate Solutions in the appendix to this presentation.

Slide 10, please. Nutrition continued its growth trajectory with record results. Our Human Nutrition
business, formerly known as WFSI, delivered strong performance and growth across the broad portfolio,
including Flavors, Specialty Ingredients and Health & Wellness. Increased sales revenue in North America
and EMEA flavors, continued sales growth in alternative proteins and additional bioactives income helped
drive improved results. As Juan mentioned earlier, we did see higher demand in some Human Nutrition
areas as a result of new wins as well as some pantry loading effects. Animal Nutrition's improved year-
over-year results were driven by a strong performance from Neovia, good volumes and margins in
feed additives and solid sales in pet care. The prior year quarter also had been negatively impacted by
about $10 million in upfront purchase price adjustments related to Neovia. Amino acids were negatively
impacted by a year-over-year decline in the global pricing environment, though prices were directionally
improved over Q4 of 2019. We are also very pleased that we met our Neovia synergy targets more than 2
years early.

Our forward look includes some uncertainty as the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic continue
to reverberate through the global economy. Despite this uncertainty, as Juan indicated earlier, we
remain focused on the drivers under our control and we're on track to deliver to that targeted range of
controllable benefits this year.

Now turning to the second quarter. Directionally, for Ag Services and Oilseeds, we expect segment results
to be lower than Q1, subject to mark-to-market impacts as Ag Services seasonally normalizes, crush
margins have come off the highs and the RPO business has some headwinds on near-term demand. In
Carbohydrate Solutions, we expect the second quarter to be slightly better than Q1 of this year, but much
lower than the year ago quarter as ethanol industry demand and margins continue to be a negative driver,
and foodservice demand negatively impacts Starches and Sweeteners. For Nutrition, we feel confident that
the business will continue to advance to another calendar year of 20%-plus growth.

Now please turn to Slide 11. And I'll turn it back over to Juan.

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Ray. I spoke a lot at the beginning of the call, so I'll just close by saying this. The core of our
existence is the belief that food is fundamental. It sustains us, fulfills us and fuels our wellbeing. Today,
our role in providing for that need is more critical than ever. All our teams are putting safety first as they
support the global food supply chain. We're meeting needs that have changed dramatically in just the
last few months. And we'll be there to continue to provide nutrition to the world as we emerge from this
challenge. I've never been prouder to be part of this team and this company, and I've never been more
confident about our ability to meet the challenges of today and tomorrow.
With that, Jack, please open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Ben Bienvenu with Stephens.

Benjamin Shelton Bienvenu
Stephens Inc., Research Division

I want to ask a question. I'll start with crushing. I appreciate the color that you all gave. A two-part
question. One, if you could quantify what the mark-to-market impact was for the quarter? And then two,
when we look at the data relative to what we can track, the results in the quarter were quite a bit lower
than we would have expected. And I'm wondering, perhaps there's something we can't track, whether
it's basis or some sort of utilization dynamic in the facilities that limited your ability to generate a little bit
higher crush margins. Any color that you can provide to elaborate on what's happening there would be
helpful.

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Let me start, Ben, and then Ray can touch on the mark-to-market. So I think what happened -- what
you see in the first quarter is that the bean market was supported basically by Chinese buying simply by --
while the mill value is impacted by demand issues. So you see a cash margins in beans, they tend to track
board crush. But this quarter, the impact of soybean bases, as the ability of the farmer to hold the beans
increase, impacted our margins. So margins are down year-to-year by about $15 per ton. So I think that,
that's what explains the situation. Of course, we have expectations that the overall temporary adjustment
of the shift in demand will subside as some of this -- some of our customers manage this adjustment. But
I think in North America, that was the biggest impact, if you will. Soybean, crush soybean base is high
and mill values, being a little bit soft due to lack of demand in foodservice. With regards to the mark-to-
market, I think Ray can provide some more granularity on that.

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. On the mark-to-market impact. As I indicated, last year, if you recall, we had some very favorable
mark-to-market impacts, about $75 million. This quarter, we didn't -- I didn't highlight anything on the
call because it was not material. But if you recall, like, we entered the quarter with a fairly large balance
in terms of deferred gains. But what happened, as you know, is the board crush actually went up during
the course of March, right? And so therefore, we actually had mark-to-market losses there. And so when
you actually take into account of the deferred gains coming into the quarter, and then the mark-to-market
-- the new mark-to-market losses that we took as board crush went up, they netted out to be fairly
immaterial. I mean, just old index, it's really not meaningful in terms of the overall results there. I do
want to remind you, it's actually in the supplemental information that at the end of the first quarter, we
still have about $80 million of deferred gains that will be recognized as we kind of move through the rest
of the year there. So hopefully, that will help you in terms of understanding where the mark-to-market
currently stands.

Benjamin Shelton Bienvenu
Stephens Inc., Research Division

It does. My second question is related to the Starches and Sweeteners business. Appreciate the bridge
back to apples-to-apples results. And appreciate the 2Q commentary. I'm curious, when you think
about the COVID operating environment, the stronger demand for containerboard, stronger demand
for the packaged foods consumption, netted against weaker demand for foodservice. Do you think this
environment is net positive or negative for Starches and Sweeteners. And then the big move down that
we've seen in net corn costs, while I realize you all hedged a significant component of your cost there.
How impactful is that to the business?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I would say as we look at the demand for Starches and Sweeteners, Ben, we see that the demand
was strong for us, at least in January and February. So I think that we saw some decline in demand in
March, but not that significant. We see -- we saw more significant demand decline in April. Over the last 2
weeks -- I'm talking about mostly Sweeteners and Starches. Over the last 2 weeks, we have seen orders
pick up back a little bit again. So maybe there is a little bit more energy in the foodservice markets around
the world right now. So I would say from a demand of Sweeteners and Starches, we're going to see a
bigger impact in second quarter than maybe we saw in the first quarter. Of course, the second quarter, we
have less of a mark-to-market corn oil issues, and we will continue to enjoy some of the improvements.
The operational improvements were strong. The improvement on European operations were strong and
milling had a very good quarter. And we're going to have some, as you said, lower net corn cost of all
that. So -- but when you take all the puts and takes with the slower demand, we probably see a slight
improvement versus Q1 into Q2, but not a significant one.

Operator

Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

There's increased consumption of food at home. Is it your message here is that, that only partially offsets
the decline from consumption of food away from home? And I guess that flows through vegetable oils,
Starches and Sweeteners? Maybe you can talk a little bit about the impact on animal care also. Maybe
there was a pull forward in the first quarter. But is that the big food consumption message that you have
here?

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Rob, I think that it depends on the business and our exposure to foodservice versus retail. So if you go
to the milling business, the milling business had a very good first quarter, and we had good demand
everywhere in the world. If you see the nutrition business, have less exposure to foodservice, was a very
strong quarter, and that continues to grow.

So I would say the offset depends on your mix. When we go to things like, for example, the corn oil, corn
oil goes more to retail, so we saw better demand for things like chips. On the other hand, the soybean
oil goes to more to foodservice. So we see a little bit of weakness there. When we're talking about
foodservice, we think, though, that probably, we saw the trough in late April, maybe the orders at the --
for the beginning of May. And we started to see over the last 2 weeks, things becoming a little bit better.
So I think we are a little bit more optimistic. As some of the economies start to reopen, we start to see
that we have the benefit of being a global company. We see the pandemic evolving from East to West. So
we've seen already foodservices in Asia getting back to maybe 70% to 80% of where they used to be.

Of course, more -- much more food deliveries and takeouts and things like that than actually in-room
dining. But we see a little bit of that come back. So again, I think you should think about for ADM, the
impact has been more in foodservices North America in terms of oil. Because even packaged oils in Europe
and South America, since South America and Europe has less impact to foodservice, we have been a little
bit more robust.

On the last part of your question on regarding Animal Nutrition, our Animal Nutrition, with the acquisition
of Neovia has become very global and very much diversified into many, many applications and business
subsegments. So we saw strength on that and we expect a lot of that strength to continue. North America
has been more impacted and yes, we're going to see some of that reduction in feed in North America,
probably in the second quarter more immediately than in the rest.

Robert Bain Moskow

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. And then a follow-up, if I could. There's been a lot of news flow about liquidations in U.S. livestock.
It sounds like a temporary thing. But at what point does that become a risk to domestic soy meal demand
here in the U.S.? Do you have any outlook on that?

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Of course, that, I mean, it's unfortunate all this impact that COVID has been having in so many
people and so many industries. And when we look at the demand for soybean meal, with everything that's
happened, of course, it's going to be lower than we have anticipated before. But I think you need to think
about this as a temporary adjustment. Most of our customers are shifting as quickly as possible from
foodservice to retail. That's probably is going to be -- there is still a strong demand in the retail area. And
we started to see much more the increase of China imports from the United States in terms of pork and
poultry, and that will help medium-term also to exacerbate the demand for soybean meal. So medium
term, we are constructive. I think in the short term, we need to go through this volatility of customers
shifting their patterns. And we will have to go through that probably in Q2.

Operator

Ben Kallo with Baird.

Benjamin Joseph Kallo
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So I have 2 questions. Just one, kind of going back to the last time you talked after the Q4 results.
Could you just talk about maybe just generally how you view the market going forward and your level
of visibility, if you're better or worse than then? And then can you just talk about the Nutrition business?
Because I think it gets lost kind of in all the other parts of the business, and you made significant
improvements there. Just -- I know you said that there's -- the growth will continue next year. But can you
just talk more in-depth about how we should think about margin expansion and then the different trends
that are driving that business? Because I know you've put a lot of investment into it. And so I think that
maybe just reminding us how we should think about that business, especially in this uncharted territory,
about how that holds up, and I know there's a lot there.

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

No, that's all right. Thank you, Ben. So let me start with COVID and how I see the world now versus how
I saw it the last time we spoke. First of all, I'm proud and also a little bit surprised how well we managed
to keep the operations going through all this. If you have told me that we will be running more than 800
plants around the world with minimum staffing, with people in quarantine and running the rest of the
company remotely, I mean, I think it's testament of the resilience of the ADM people and business model.
So very proud of that. Second, I think fundamentally, we remain very confident because, first of all, we
hit the ground running this year and almost ahead of schedule in most of our improvements. Remember,
we call for $500 million to $600 million of self-help here. And as I said in my remarks, we are through
25% of the year, we're probably 30% accomplished there. So I'm happy with that. I'm happy with we are
executing in Neovia.

We achieved synergies 2 years ahead of schedule. So the team is clicking on all the boxes that we
promised to shareholders and to the Board that we were going to do. In terms of demand, I'm normally
a little bit more relaxed because we are in the food industry. We are blessed with that, and there is the
same number of mouths out there eating. So our role of feeding the world continues to be as important
as before. We need to go through this shift, and this shift benefits some businesses and creates short-
term disruptions in some other business. But the fundamental impact of COVID in the first quarter was
to the Carbohydrate Solution business in terms of the ethanol. There was some biodiesel, but biodiesel
North America navigated it better. South America and Europe was a little bit more impacted in terms of
biodiesel. But I would say the big impact was Carb Solution in ethanol and that is something that it was

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

a very big impact because we were coming already in a situation of high inventories and the industry has
negative margins already by the time we got into that. And -- but you see us, again, focusing on what we
can control, Ben. So what we did in crush, for example, we have adjusted crush margins in North America
-- crush rates in -- operating rates in North America to offset the little bit there, the short-term issue
on demand that we're having. And we took the difficult decision of take 2 of the dry mills down in North
America.

So I see fundamentally the demand being solid for us, margins are still good margins. And I still see all
the things that the business has been, and the management team has been focused on, hitting on all
cylinders and going a little bit ahead of schedule as of Neovia, or the $500 million to $600 million and the
readiness efforts.

When talking about Nutrition, I said to all our investors over the last 1.5 years that they've been
supporting us through all the investment phase in Nutrition. And Nutrition have not been showing that in
the P&L because this was organic growth, and we have some growing pains into some of these assets as
you build them and you have to finance them. But when you see now what's starting to happen is what
we predicted before, is all those wins, all that innovation, we always said, we have our value proposition
is resonating with our customers. We had that. That line was a little bit masked by all this organic growth
that was coming. Now all that organic growth is hitting the P&Ls because these investments are maturing.
And you're going to see that, and we grew 23% profit last year. We are growing -- we're going to grow
another north of 20% this year. You see WFSI during this. So take Neovia and Animal Nutrition out for
a minute since the first quarter is a little bit of a strange comparison because we acquired this last first
quarter. So -- but if you take WFSI, WFSI has grown earnings at 28% in the first quarter. So we continue
a little bit the rhythm of 23% that we delivered last year. And flavors are growing at revenue at 7.8%. So
we feel very good about that business. It's a very diversified business. And if anything, we're experiencing
COVID with people that come back from this pandemic, like we've seen in Asia, is that people come back
with the more -- with an enhanced focus on health and the importance of quality nutrition for their well-
being. So we've seen the probiotics.

Our Health & Wellness segment is up, like, 24% in terms of revenue, because the sales of those products
are -- for humans is, has been probably reemphasized by all this COVID. So we think that we are in the
right segments. We think we have the right product mix. So we feel very bullish about continuing this
performance for the Nutrition business.

Benjamin Joseph Kallo
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

And I will sneak one more, if I can. To Ray, just on capital allocation. And how are you looking at just
because I'm sure there's some distressed businesses out there that could fit into your portfolio. And so has
that started to happen yet or is that you have bigger fish to fry? Or how do we think about that fitting in
just from an acquisition front?

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

From a capital allocation perspective, as you know, this year, we are focused on further deleveraging the
balance sheet to get towards our low 2s target range in terms of debt-to-EBITDA. At the same time, as
you point out to me, there could be opportunities out there, and we're always looking at opportunities out
there. So nothing clear right now, but I think we'll just keep an open -- keep our ears and eyes open. But
again, priority, at least in the near term, is to get our balance sheet into -- a little bit lower in terms of the
leverage position.

Operator

Tom Simonitsch with JPMorgan.

Thomas Marc Alfred Simonitsch
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

So just given the fall in fuel demand, can you comment on the outlook for biodiesel demand and
production relative to your earlier expectations for this year? And is there a potential for a double negative
for ADM if you cut U.S. production and forgo tax credits? Or are those credits just embedded in the margin
structure?

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

I think on biodiesel demand what we're seeing, Tom, is in Europe, we're actually seeing more of a hit
in terms of our biodiesel demand. Part of it is just simply due to the fact that, as in Europe, passenger
cars actually use diesel a lot, in addition to commercial vehicles. And so when you have this shelter-in-
place orders come in for Europe, it really negatively impacted the demand environment over there. What's
interesting in the United States, we actually have not seen that drop off. In fact, in the early part of the
quarter, we actually saw strong demand for diesel. Because as you know, trucks -- the trucking industry,
were actually running very, very hard in order to keep the warehouses supplied. And as airlines kind of
shut down, a lot of the goods actually start moving on the truck front. So we've seen on the biodiesel
front, which is tied to the really diesel demand that United States actually has held up reasonably well. In
terms of our book, our biodiesel book, we've got it, a lot of it already sold out into the second and third
quarter. So we feel good about this part of the business actually holding up right now.

Thomas Marc Alfred Simonitsch
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And just a clarification on the railway tax credits. You noted that the cost of acquiring
those tax credits reduced your pretax profit. Can you just confirm that all those associated costs are
recognized in the same quarter as the tax benefit?

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I can confirm that. Again, on a GAAP statement, it's in the cost of goods sold. On the management
statement, so you can look at the other charges line and that full amount -- and if you look in the
appendix, you can see all that information there, like the $73 million of tax credits, it's fully reflected in
the other charges line of the management statement there.

Thomas Marc Alfred Simonitsch
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That's great. And just one last one for me. If you could maybe just give us some more color around the
negative mark-to-market in corn oil. I don't think I've seen that before. So why are we seeing that this
quarter?

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, you're right. I've never really talked about mark-to-market on corn oil before in prior earnings calls.
And frankly, the last time we actually saw this was about 10 years ago. So what happened was, as ethanol
plants slowed down around the country, then as you know, corn oil is a by-product of ethanol production.
So we actually saw a reduction in terms of supply of corn oil. At the same time, as Juan indicated earlier,
we actually saw a significant demand for fried snacks, like chips, so the actual demand for corn oil actually
went up. And so we actually start seeing a divergence between soybean oil prices and corn oil prices,
which, again, historically tracked very closely with one another. And so as corn oil prices -- and this really
occurred, start occurring at the end of March. As corn oil prices moved up, we have a forward book of
sales contracts in corn oil, and some of those sales contracts are actually indexed to bean oil, right? And
that's just because of history in terms of how these prices have correlated. So when we actually marked
the book at the end of March, for the forward sales contracts that were indexed to bean oil, we actually
had to take a mark-to-market loss on that. Now I do expect, as I indicated in my comments, that part of
this mark-to-market impact should reverse. It could reverse as we kind of move through the year, due
to 2 factors: One, with higher corn oil price, that means the co-product credit will actually go up as we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

kind of move through the year, which means net corn costs, compared to where we were at the beginning
of the year, should actually come down; and then secondly, as we move through the year, as ethanol
production actually starts ramping up due to gasoline demand returning, and as the shelter-in-place
orders come off and maybe chip demand starts to come back off a little bit, then you should actually start
seeing the historical correlation start returning back again. And so that's the reason why I feel that as we
kind of move through the next 12 months, probably in the back half of the year, I should expect about
half of the mark-to-market to come back in the form of either lower net corn costs or mark-to-market
reversals.

As Juan indicated, I think for the second quarter, I do probably expect that the negative mark-to-market
to kind of -- it's not going to be the same magnitude, $50 million, but we may have some slightly negative
mark-to-market in the second quarter as well in Carb Solutions.

Operator

Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Just a couple of quick ones. On the vegetable oil side, are you still making favorable spreads? Or have
they gone to a negative? And is there any thoughts of maybe pulling back capacity or anything like that?
How is that playing out?

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, as I said before, we have adjusted crush in North America a little bit. So we ran hard in the first
quarter. And then at the end of March, we adjusted crush into April a little bit. So we're monitoring all
that. In -- and as I said before, I think that soybean oil, mostly has been affected in the oil side in North
America. It has been more a biodiesel impact in the other places, but packaged oils has been more robust
in the other 2 geographies, in Europe and South America.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

And can you also take us around the world? Are the crush margins in Europe, China, Canada holding up
better than that of the U.S.? And if so, what do you attribute that to?

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I think in Europe, margins are $25 to $35 per ton. So a little bit better. And I think that a couple of
things, Argentine crush is still not a major threat to Europe. Maybe in 6 to 8 weeks when the product of
all the harvests start hitting the shores of Europe, maybe. And then I think that having the meat -- meat
is in very good demand in Europe for all that retail issue, the retail segment. And meat packers in Europe
has smaller plants. So I think that they have fewer people in all the plants so the issue of maybe COVID
spreading among workers have been less of an issue there.

The issue in Europe has been, of course, the biodiesel, as Ray mentioned before, biodiesel is used more
for passenger transportation in Europe.

So that was absolutely shut down. And so we adjusted rate to some of those plants. At the moment, we
are running as much soy crush as we can in Europe, of course, given our advantage there. Brazil margins
are more in the $15 to $25 per ton. There, the big farmer selling, demand for oil has been -- for packaged
oil has been good. Our -- and then biodiesel, we've been able to move enough biodiesel there in Brazil. It's
tied to economic activity. And less of a passenger car there and we've been able to manage more of that.

The demand for meat has continued to be very strong. Most of our customers, they are exporting a lot
of their meat to China. So that demand has been very strong. And other than 1 announcement of a plant

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

with some issues in poultry a week ago, all the plants of our customers have been running in Brazil. So,
so far, so good in Brazil. So I would say one of the big things that you -- that we noticed this quarter, in
terms of soybean oil has been the great benefits of having the global trade desk actually working together
to facilitate that we continue to crush hard, because basically, they took care of the oil, that -- exporting
that oil. And did you see the one of the benefit of the combination between the Ag Services business and
Oilseed business is that the global trade works either to place a little bit more of North America mill into
export markets or a lot of the oil into the export market, so our plants can continue to run. That has been
very beneficial to us.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

And then my last question is, will we finally get a consolidation or a reduction of number of players in
ethanol? Is this an event that could really change the structure of the ethanol industry? Or is it one of
those -- you'll see a -- production cuts, everybody goes down and then it just kind of rebounds? How do
you think about that? And I'll leave it there.

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, Ken. That's a good question. I think it depends on probably the duration of this situation. The industry
is working at lowest production rates ever. And I think that we saw more than 70 plants going down. And
for somebody that have run plants before, it depends on how long it takes for that plant to be down. After
a few months, things start becoming complicated and maybe fewer of those plants will be able to come
back. So it depends how quickly margins rebound. But I would say if there is a prolonged activity or low
gasoline prices and margins continue to be down for a while, I think that you would see some players not
coming back. Whether that's enough to restructure the industry is probably a tall order question there, but
I would not guess to answer at this point.

Operator

Heather Jones with Heather Research.

Heather Lynn Jones
Heather Jones Research LLC

I know we're running out of time, so I'll just do this quickly. Has your corporate expense outlook changed
at all given the deterioration of the economic outlook?

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

No, Heather. I know we were a little lower in the first quarter, but a lot of the initiatives that we announced
in our fourth quarter call in terms of our business transformation, we have not slowed that down. In
fact, one argues that these business transformation initiatives are actually very, very important for the
long-term of ADM. And so we have not diverted from those particular strategic initiatives there. So the
guidance that we provided to you in the fourth quarter for the calendar years, remains in place. I think the
only thing that's changed in terms of below line is like interest expense. I think that with the additional
long-term debt that we put on to the balance sheet, you should expect probably our net interest expense
probably would be similar to where we were last year.

Heather Lynn Jones
Heather Jones Research LLC

Okay. And then, Juan, you had mentioned that you guys moderated your crush rate coming into Q2.
Lately, I've been hearing multiple reports that bean oil storage in the U.S. has become constrained. And
so just wondering if you could walk us through that and how serious it is? And if so, is further moderation
going to be required?

Juan Ricardo Luciano

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I think that during the first quarter, we saw with -- I mean, as you see in March, when we saw the
decline in economic activity around the world. That became the limiting factor for crush. It was like, do
you have an offset, do you have a house for soybean oil? As I said, we have been good at using our
integration to make that soybean oil disappear and keep crush margins up. Of course, the longer this
takes, inventories start to pop and not everybody has the same ability to place those things with us. And
there's a lot of people fighting for liquid storage these days in North America.

So -- but I would say, I think we are comfortable with the level of adjustment in production that we
have at this point. We adjusted about 5 percentage points and I think for now, that's good. So we don't
foresee more at this point. And as I said before, Heather, we started to see. Yes, I'm talking about ADM
specifically, I wouldn't venture about what's going to happen for the rest of the industry. But as I said,
we have that benefit of that integration with the global trade. But I would say, over the last week and
2 weeks, as China started to reopen and as Europe prepares to reopen, and in some cases, they have
done. So we started to see a little bit more activity. And I don't know if people replenishing the pipeline in
preparation for the summer or what. But orders have perked up a little bit over the last 2 weeks in general
for ADM.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I'll keep it to one. Could you just remind us how the -- what we used to call WFSI, how that business did
during the last recession or in economic slowdowns in general? I'm just thinking, once we get past COVID,
there's really still going to be a recessionary environment for who knows how long, but long enough. So
any help there would be great.

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Well, we didn't have a WFSI on the last recession, so it's difficult to compare. But I think it's a
good question in the sense that the business is relatively less exposed to foodservice than maybe other
segments that we have in the company. And it's very, very diversified because the systems and the flavors
and the pantry is so broad that goes into almost every product, whether it's a food or a beverage. So I
would say pretty resistance in that point. I think that the thing that we are watching very careful, Vince, is
not that much the absolute demand, which we feel comfortable whether in a -- it maybe softer in previous
quarters than it was in Q1, maybe there is some adjustment to pantry filling. But I think what we are
seeing is our win rates, our ability to place new orders or bring new products had been strong. Our ability
to provide existing sales of existing products to existing customers have been good. And I think that what
we may see because we saw that in Asia, is that a little bit of deceleration in innovations, in foodservices
in the first quarter because logically, companies as they focus more on delivery or pickups or e-commerce,
they tend to emphasize their traditional products. You're not going to go to a foodservice restaurant and
order take-out something new. You normally go to something that you know. So we've seen a little bit that
decline, and that has started to come back slowly, but that probably will be the shift. The shift that maybe
that we sell more of existing products than the proportion we used to sell of innovative products. So we
think that the impact of the recession may be a little bit of a delay in the introduction of our new products.

Operator

Michael Piken with Cleveland Research.

Michael Leith Piken
Cleveland Research Company

I'll also limit it to one question. If you could just talk a little bit about kind of what's happening down in
Brazil with the port infrastructure and obviously, a lot of talk about how they're managing COVID-19 a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

little differently. But how are your operations going down there? Are you seeing any port backups? And
I know you got a slide on farmer selling being pretty good, but just the overall state of the ag economy
down in Brazil would be great.

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I would say, listen, the team identified, of course, very early on, potentially ports could be a weak
point in terms of the COVID issue. And we took all kind of precautions to make sure that, that was not
the case, was not impact to us. And I would say at this point in time, we have no issues in terms of being
able to load. There may have been a little bit of an extra cost here and there, but nothing material that we
should worry about.

In Argentina, there has been a little bit of -- even in the face, to be honest, when I said we were preparing
because we were preparing for a big export market because, of course, China has a lot of appetite and
Brazilian farmer was selling. So we saw that flow. We're going to have higher volumes, which we saw
those higher volumes, and we seen it even during Q2. So I would say, given that they work in exceptional
volumes, the performance has been stellar because, to be honest, minimal disruptions. Some disruptions
in Argentina because the Paraná River is very low in water, so we have to move some of the loads to Bahía
Blanca, a little bit more in the ocean side of the country. But also there, we've been loading well, only we
changed the port.

So I would say -- and then even around the world, Romania had record exports and the ports were there
as well. So I think they will be happy -- we're being happy there. In terms of how I see Brazil in general.
This COVID -- I think May is going to be a tough month because we are fighting these 2 streams. On one
side, the economy and the social pressure to come back to work and that the people basically need for
their livelihoods. And then the -- but the number of cases is still going up. And I think that the ability to
control that makes me a little bit worry about, in general, the health situation of -- in Brazil, in May. But
other than that, I would say, so far, maybe dairy was the segment that has been impacted the most from
our customers' perspective. But for the rest, so far, the business for us has been strong.

Operator

Vincent Anderson with Stifel.

Vincent Alwardt Anderson
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Just quickly on Neovia. I was hoping you could breakout the improvement in the quarter between: One,
the synergies, obviously, the $10 million adjustment from last year, broader revenue improvement and
then maybe any seasonal factors. Just for the purpose of framing what the new baseline of earnings power
should be for that business, all else equal?

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, it's -- I'm not sure I have the breakout that easy, but let me say the following, Vince. The Neovia, the
way you need to think about it is because it's very diversified geographically and very diversified in the
different subsegments. So is -- I don't want to go into a long explanation. But I think the important thing,
if you remember, when we acquired Neovia, what I said, that the Neovia story was actually a margin up
story. So it was very complementary to ADM from a geographical perspective and businesses perspective,
but it was a margin up story. And although our business in Animal Nutrition was about 9% EBITDA margin
on sales or whereabouts, the Neovia business was lower than that. And then our expectation was to start
moving up that business in 2 or 3 phases. And I'm happy to report that margins are improving in Neovia,
as we described. So we went from a margin of about 6.5% to about 9.5% in the Q1. So it's a business
that is starting to get closer to our first original goal of about 10%. And then we were planning to go into
the lower teens. So it's a business that, again, has so many segments and so many geographies, and they
are all recovering differently and being impacted differently. So I don't think that the Q1 yet is a very good
quarter for us to go into a lot of analysis into the future because, again, we have all these economies.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

There is a lot of Southeast Asia that still is impacted by coronavirus. There is China that is coming back.
There is Brazil that hasn't been impacted. There is Mexico that is being impacted right now. There is North
America that is more impacted. So I think that second quarter will give us maybe a better time to make
this analysis. But the business will continue to improve. We are revisiting the synergy numbers, of course,
after we achieved the EUR 50 million target that we set for ourselves. So we're still -- there's still going to
be growth rate, positive growth rate. There's still going to be increasing EBITDA margin on sales. It's just
that the market at this point in time is too fluid to develop the algorithm right now.

Operator

And our final question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

I want to ask a question on Ag Services. Something you haven't talked about a lot on this call, just
thinking about the outlook over the balance of the year, with what looks to be a much bigger U.S. supply
of corn, potentially beans. Just given the planted acreage and the loss on demand in ethanol. And just
wanted to get your sense of the outlook of that for that business is actually improving, probably more
second half weighted, but just the view today relative to where you might have been 3 months ago.

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I think…

Juan Ricardo Luciano
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, go ahead, Ray.

Ray Guy Young
Executive VP & CFO

I think we're actually encouraged in terms of Ag Services, in terms of how they started out in the first
quarter, very strong results. We're also encouraged like the planning estimates in the United States are
actually fairly strong, too. So it'd be quite an improvement in terms of the acreage this year compared
to last year, where it was negatively impacted by weather. So we should actually have some -- assuming
the weather holds up and the planting gets in, we should actually have a very good crop of both corn and
soybeans as we kind of go through this year in United States. I think the big variable, Adam, is going
to be the China in the Phase 1 deal. As Juan indicated, we're very encouraged in terms of China coming
in the first quarter to buy, frankly, a whole portfolio of agricultural products. You got sorghum, you got
wheat, you got corn and then some soybeans also right now. So we're very encouraged in terms of what
China is doing right now in terms of agricultural purchases. And all the signals that we're getting from
both the U.S. side and the China side is that they will be executing their agricultural portion of Phase 1,
consistent with what they talked about. So we think that as we kind of move through the year, that China
will be increasing the amount of purchases of U.S. agricultural products. So you're already seeing that
significantly in terms of animal proteins, pork, meat, chicken. I mean, the year-over-year purchases by
China are in an area of, like, 300% higher in terms of pork and big numbers in terms of poultry and beef
as well. But in terms of soybeans, we're still thinking that for the year, it could be 30 million to 35 million
metric tons of purchases from United States as we move through the year.

And that's going to be very supportive in terms of the Ag Services business, particularly in the back half
of the year here. So overall, I have to say that we're very constructive. If China buys corn in addition to
soybeans, that's going to be extremely constructive. And then the other variable, I just want to mention,
is that ethanol as part of the Phase 1 deal, is being viewed as part of the agricultural basket in terms of
purchases. So as China moves towards honoring the $36 billion of agricultural purchases, it's very possible
that ethanol will enter the picture, particularly in the fourth quarter now.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

I will now turn the call back over to Victoria de la Huerga.

Victoria de la Huerga
VP of Investor Relations & ADM Ventures

Thank you for joining us today. Slide 12 notes some upcoming investor events in which we will be
participating. As always, please feel free to follow up with me if you have any other questions.

Have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.

Operator
This concludes the ADM First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. We thank you for your participation.
You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

