AT&T Inc. NYSE:T
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 21, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.79

0.87

10.13

0.74

3.26

3.20

Revenue  (mm)

40146.68

39922.00

(0.56 %)

39953.24

168205.85

156694.59

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-21-2021 5:05 AM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.73

0.78

0.80

0.79

0.75

0.86

0.89

0.87

2.74 %

10.26 %

11.25 %

10.13 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Amir Rozwadowski
Senior VP of Finance & Investor
Relations

Jason Kilar
Chief Executive Officer of
WarnerMedia LLC

Jeffery Scott McElfresh
Chief Executive Officer of AT&T
Communications LLC

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

Pascal Desroches
Senior EVP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

David William Barden
BofA Securities, Research Division

Frank Garrett Louthan
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Kannan Venkateshwar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to AT&T's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call.
[Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the
conference over to our host, Amir Rozwadowski, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations.
Please go ahead.

Amir Rozwadowski
Senior VP of Finance & Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter call. I'm Amir Rozwadowski,
Head of Investor Relations for AT&T. Joining me on the call today are John Stankey, our CEO; and Pascal
Desroches, our CFO. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of our call are Jeff McElfresh, the CEO of our
Communications Group; and Jason Kilar, CEO for WarnerMedia.

Before we begin, I need to call your attention to our safe harbor statement. It says that some of our
comments today may be forward-looking. As such, they're subject to risks and uncertainties described
in AT&T's SEC filings. Results may differ materially. Additional information is available on the Investor
Relations website. And as always, our earnings materials are on our website.

I also want to remind you that we are in the quiet period for the FCC Spectrum Auction 110. So
unfortunately, we can't answer questions about that today.

With that, I'll turn the call over to John Stankey. John?

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Amir. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'll be brief because the quarter is largely
more of the same. This marks the fifth consecutive quarter of consistent progress since we articulated our
simplified business strategy and how we plan to measure our progress going forward.

The close of the DIRECTV transaction this quarter is another important step we've completed to reposition
AT&T. I acknowledge, this makes for some extra cycles on comparative analysis. And as we continue
to do so, there will be fewer moving parts to assess in better visibility and clarity. In the meantime, it's
important not to lose sight of the success we're having, deploying capital into our areas of strategic focus.
Bottom line, we're accelerating our historical rates of customer growth in Mobility, Fiber and HBO Max, and
customer satisfaction is improving across the board with lower churn and higher NPS scores.

Mobility is delivering more postpaid phone customers on a rolling 12-month run rate than it has in the
prior decade. Our Fiber products are recognized as best-in-class. As we expand our Fiber footprint, we're
delivering a superior service and we're growing our share. We're already nearing the low end of our 2021
guidance for global HBO Max and HBO subscribers, despite our long planned intent to no longer seed
customer control through Amazon's channels offering. Additionally, customer growth can be attributed in
part to our ability to mine out significant cost savings from our operations and reinvest them back into
the business. The results are driving Mobility and Consumer Wireline EBITDA growth that we expect to be
complemented by margin expansion as our transformation work matures.

We have clear line of sight to achieving at least half of our $6 billion cost savings run rate target by the
end of this year, driven by success with a number of initiatives that we believe also will support improving
returns in the coming years. Whether they stem from nearly $1 billion of savings from streamlining our
field operations, a similar level of savings from changes made to our procurement processes or $0.5
billion of savings from the rationalization of our retail store footprint, our focus on driving out inefficiencies
is showing tangible results. These are just a few of the most significant programs underway. More
initiatives that we expect will drive incremental savings and operating leverage are in the investment and
implementation phase.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Finally, as I mentioned, we've closed the DIRECTV transaction and continue to expect the WarnerMedia
deal to close by midyear 2022. With these and other dispositions, we monetized or announced plans
to monetize more than $55 billion of assets over the past year. The last 5 quarters have been a period
of repositioning our business, while also delivering operational results, without repositioning nearing
completion that will afford even more focus on continued execution and improved performance.

We're on track to reach our full year free cash flow guidance in the $26 billion range, and we expect to
hit the high end of our adjusted EPS guidance. We're in the early innings of transforming the company
and believe that we have significant opportunity ahead of us to expand share in our focus areas and drive
better returns, including sustained earnings growth. We continue to strive to earn your confidence one
quarter at a time, delivering operating performance and shows our momentum is real and sustainable.

Let me now turn it over to Pascal to discuss the details of the quarter. Pascal?

Pascal Desroches
Senior EVP & CFO

Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. Before we get to our consolidated results, let's look at
the progress in our market focus areas on Slide 5. As John mentioned, we continued our strong customer
momentum in the third quarter with 928,000 postpaid phone net adds. That's our best net adds quarter
in over 10 years. Customers like the strength of our network and our consistent, simple offers. Gross adds
are up, churn is low, and we continue to take share and grow our customer base.

Our Fiber base also continues to expand. Broadband revenues grew by more than 7%, and we now have
5.7 million AT&T Fiber customers, with 3.4 million of them on 1-gig connections. And we saw a sequential
growth in our Fiber net adds with most of those new to AT&T.

Let's now look at our HBO Max/HBO global subscribers. As we said last quarter, most of the subscriber
additions for the remainder of the year are expected to come from our lower ARPU international base.
We've reached nearly 70 million global subscribers, thanks to growth in our international markets. As
previously announced, domestic subscribers were down due to our proactive decision to shut down the
Amazon wholesale platform. This was partially offset by new wholesale relationships.

Retail subscriber growth slowed down the timing of new content, but we expect retail subscriber growth to
accelerate in the fourth quarter due to strong content slate. We have new seasons of success in the Curb
Your Enthusiasm debuting, the return of Sex and the City as well as the much-anticipated premieres of
Dune, King Richard and The Matrix: Resurrection. Given our upcoming content slate and expanding global
footprint, we expect to end the year at the higher end of our year-end global subscriber target.

Now let's turn to Slide 6 for our consolidated financial results. The third quarter results reflect the closing
of the DIRECTV transaction after the first month of the quarter. We're a smaller company today than we
were at the beginning of the quarter, and that is reflected in our results. Excluding DIRECTV revenues,
revenues were up about $1.7 billion or 5%, thanks to growth in our market-focused areas. Gains in
Mobility, Warner Media and Consumer Wireline more than offset the clients in Business Wireline and from
the disposition of other businesses.

Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.87. That's up more than 14% year-over-year. In addition to merger-
amortization adjustments for the quarter, adjustments were made to exclude our proportionate share
of DIRECTV intangible amortization, a gain on the sale of Playdemic and the an actuarial gain on benefit
plans. When you exclude DIRECTV from both periods, adjusted EBITDA was up 3% year-over-year, mostly
due to growth in Mobility and strong growth at WarnerMedia, reflecting partial recovery from the pandemic
and the timing of sports costs.

Cash from operations came in at $9.9 billion for the quarter. Spending was up, both year-over-year and
sequentially with CapEx of $4.7 billion and gross capital investments totaling $5.7 billion. Free cash flow
was $5.2 billion, inclusive of year-over-year increases of $850 million in CapEx and $1.7 billion investment
in WarnerMedia cash content. Year-to-date, our content investment has increased by more than $4 billion.
Additionally, our leverage position also benefited from $10 billion in asset monetization in the quarter,
including our DIRECTV-TPG transaction.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Let's now look at our segment operating results, starting with our Communication business on Slide 7. Our
Mobility business continues to gain steam. Revenues were up 7% with service revenues growing 4.6%.
Postpaid phone churn remained at record low levels, and we had record postpaid phone growth. Prepaid
also continued to be a solid performer for us, especially our Cricket brand. We added 249,000 prepaid
phones in the quarter. Prepaid phone churn is less than 3%, with Cricket churn even lower.

Mobility EBITDA is up nearly $300 million or 3.6% year-over-year, driven by growth in service revenues
and transformation savings. We expect that growth to accelerate in the fourth quarter. This growth came
even with increased volumes, 3G shutdown costs of nearly $200 million, higher costs associated with the
return of the iPhone launch into the third quarter and without a material return in international roaming.
We expect similar quarterly 3G shutdown costs through the first quarter of 2022.

Business Wireline continues to deliver consistent margins in the high 30s and solid EBITDA. The business
did see some difficult year-over-year comparison, given pandemic-related benefits experienced last year.
We have been very aggressive in proactively rationalizing our portfolio of low-margin products. This
creates incremental pressure on our near-term revenues. But at the same time, it allows us to focus on
our core network and transport services products. It will take several quarters for us to work through this
initiative. But as we lap the beginning of this process that began late last year, we should see improving
revenue trends in Business Wireline.

Our Fiber growth was solid. We had our highest Fiber gross adds ever, and we continue to win share
wherever we have fiber. We added 289,000 Fiber customers in the quarter, and more than 70% of Fiber
net adds are new AT&T broadband customers, and this gives us great confidence as we continue to build
out our fiber footprint.

Last quarter, we reached a major inflection point in our Consumer Wireline business, where broadband
revenue growth now surpasses legacy declines. Total Consumer Wireline revenues are up again this
quarter, growing 3.4%. This quarter also reached an inflection point on broadband profit as EBITDA grew
3.8%. We expect sequential EBITDA growth in the fourth quarter, but it will be a tougher year-over-year
comparison due to a onetime pandemic-related benefit in last year's fourth quarter.

Let's move to WarnerMedia results, which are on Slide 8. WarnerMedia revenues were up 14%, led by
strong DTC growth and content licensing. Direct-to-Consumer subscription revenues grew about 25%,
reflecting the continued success of HBO Max. Content and other revenues were up 32%, reflecting higher
TV licensing and the recovery of TV production and theatrical releases.

Advertising revenues were down nearly 12%, mostly due to the timing of sports. You may recall that the
prior year third quarter included the restart of the NBA Season and the playoffs, which returned to a more
traditional schedule this year. This lowered sports cost in the quarter, which helped WarnerMedia grow
EBITDA by 13.5%.

The third quarter also included the impact of more than $200 million in DIRECTV advertising revenue
sharing costs. With the close of the DIRECTV transaction, WarnerMedia continues to represent and sell
DIRECTV's advertising inventory and now compensates DIRECTV through a revenue-share arrangement.
This revenue share is now recorded as an expense to WarnerMedia.

We launched HBO Max in Latin America late June and have had incredible success. And next week, we are
launching new international markets in Spain and the Nordic region, with more new markets to come in
2022.

Now before we get to your questions, just a few words about guidance. 3 quarters into the year, we feel
good about customer momentum and where we stand relative to our guidance provided last quarter.
With our strong performance, we now expect full year adjusted EPS to be at the high end of our previous
guidance of low- to mid-single-digit growth range. And that's with significant costs expected to be incurred
in launching HBO Max in Europe. Additionally, we expect more than $350 million of advertising sharing
costs associated with WarnerMedia's new advertising sharing arrangement with DIRECTV as well as
continued costs associated with shutting down our 3G network.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Also keep in mind, last year's fourth quarter benefited from the advertising associated with the U.S.
presidential election. And as mentioned earlier, we are on track with our free cash flow target of around
$26 billion as well.

In addition to the fourth quarter being a traditionally stronger free cash flow quarter, we expect the
FirstNet reimbursement of approximately $1 billion, lower year-over-year cost from the iPhone launch
moving up to the third quarter this year and DIRECTV cash distribution of approximately $800 million.

Amir, that's our presentation. We're now ready for the Q&A.

Amir Rozwadowski
Senior VP of Finance & Investor Relations
Thank you, Pascal. Operator, we're ready to take the first question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

And our first question today comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS.

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. With the inflection in the consumer market, the business segment is clearly what's keeping the
communications business from generating positive EBITDA. And I know you guys had some tough comps.
And Pascal, thanks for the comments on the revenue growth improvement. But when can we see -- start
to see some EBITDA improvement? Any sort of color or granularity you can give there that get us to the
point where the Communications business is growing EBITDA?

And then maybe for Jason, can you give us any color on the AVOD launch this summer? And it looks like
you guys added 6 million to 7 million HBO Max subs globally, if you net out the Amazon losses. Is that --
a, is that in the ballpark; and b, does the content release schedule that you guys mentioned, does it allow
you to sort of build on that number as we go into the last quarter of the year?

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

John, let me start before Jason jumps in. Overall, here's the way to think about it. We haven't given
specific guidance on the overall communications company yet, which is what I think you're asking about.
But I said in my commentary that we expect Mobility, the biggest part of our business, to accelerate
growth from here. I also said that, well, sequentially, we have some tough comps for the fourth quarter in
Consumer Wireline, we expect sequential growth in that business.

Business Wireline, we talked about some of the issues we're facing. So when you think about all those
things, you should get a sense that, from here, the momentum of the business continues, and we feel
really good about it. Our customers are growing. Our revenues are growing, and we continue to take costs
out of the business. So over time, it's going to translate to improvement in not only top line, but we will
see profit growth.

Jason Kilar
Chief Executive Officer of WarnerMedia LLC

John, I'll jump in. This is Jason on the AVOD question, which is we've been happy with the launch, which
was in June of this year. So this is the first full quarter. And we're happy not just in terms of the absolute
response, in terms of subscribers, but also because advertising helps lower the price and increase the
value for an HBO Max subscription. So we see it as rather strategic, and we're very excited about where
that goes.

One thing that is interesting to note, John, is that until the end of the year, there is a slight difference in
the product of ad-supported HBO Max in that the movie, specifically Matrix, King Richard and Dune, are
not part of the ad-supported offering. So there will be full content parity starting in late January of 2022.
So we're very happy with the results, and we're quite excited about the future as well.

And then you also asked about our results. If you assume taking into account the Amazon Prime video
channels exit, we haven't commented specifically on the size of the subscribers coming from Amazon
Prime video channels. But I think it's safe to say that we're very happy with the quarter. When you think
about how we've grown 1.9 million worldwide, and even when you think about the Amazon exit, which
we think is a very strategic decision that 3 companies really have made so far, which includes Disney and
Netflix being the other two, we feel very good about the quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I wonder if you could talk on your view on the wireless industry. Clearly, your business, you've talked
about is accelerating. But there's a thesis out there that there are huge subsidies in -- for consumers that
are damaging industry health. Do you think investors are wrong on that and that the wireless industry is
healthy? And with churn load, does it make sense to back off a bit on growth to push margin?

Jeffery Scott McElfresh
Chief Executive Officer of AT&T Communications LLC

Phil, this is Jeff. To address that question, I kind of back out for a second and look at the health of our
Wireless business in the context of the overall industry and to tell you that our strategy is working here at
AT&T. As we demonstrated, it's the fifth consecutive quarter where we have driven some momentum and
gaining share. Our net add strength here in the quarter at 928,000. And that compares to what we have
produced back in 2019 in the third quarter of 101,000. And we're driving strong service revenue growth,
and we just posted the largest total EBITDA that we've generated out of the Wireless business segment.

The best part about it, Phil, is that our customers are telling us that we're doing a good job. This churn
levels that are low are a signal to the service and the value that we're offering. And our NPS feedback that
we've received is the highest that we've ever received.

The sustainability of what we've done here in AT&T, I think, is really important to understand more
broadly. It's a question that keeps coming up about our growth relative to competition in the general
market. It's important to note that we've optimized our distribution channels. We've expanded the reach
of it, and we're now addressing new segments that we were not addressing earlier, and that's helping us
drive some of our customer momentum.

But in combination to that, Phil, we've simplified our rate plans, and we remain consistent in our offers to
the market over the last 13 months, if you will. And this really enables the AT&T frontline team members
to master their craft, deliver a higher level of service. And that -- this can't be overlooked. This is a key
component to what's driving momentum for us at AT&T in our business.

I'd also point to things like our FirstNet program. We're starting to reach some scale here. Third quarter,
we posted the highest net-add quarter since launching the program. And we've arrived at a position of
leadership and strength in the law enforcement segment under that public safety sector. And so all in all,
it's been the operational changes that we've made at AT&T that has driven really strong momentum in our
customer counts.

The promotions that you referred to, there's an aspect of promotions that's just one element of this
broader strategy. And it's important to note that not all of our customers that are with us, that upgrade
or that join us from competitors, take advantage of the promotional offers that you see in the market.
We've been at this for a little over a year now. And I can tell you that I've studied the characteristics of the
customers that have taken the promotion versus those that have not taken the promotion in our customer
base.

And here's what I can tell you, that those that have participated in our promotional offers have a higher
LTV, a better churn and a higher satisfaction score than those that have not. And so we know this is
driving accretive value. The industry is healthy. And better than that, the new accounts to AT&T, those that
are joining us from our competitors, they exhibit the same kind of characteristics in their financials, higher
LTVs, better churn and higher satisfaction than our base.

So it's not just that we are adding more customers. We know, based on these metrics that we see, that
we're adding high-value customers. And don't believe that this is driven uniquely by any kind of subsidy or
extra cash flow that happens to be in the marketplace of the general market. It's also, I think, important,
Phil, to note that the cost of these promotions as one element of our strategy, it runs through our service
revenue. The cost of those promotions run through that in amortization. And so for us to be able suppose
this kind of growth in the quarter in this competitive market and drive this kind of solid performance in
subscriber revenue, accounting for any cost of the promotions, gives us confidence that we are accreting

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

value. I would take this kind of quarter all day long in a competitive market, and I'm certain that our
shareholders are going to be happy with it.

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

And Phil, I'd just add on that. We're not participating or taking EBB dollars on our postpaid subscribers.
And I would say in terms of telecommunications, in general, and the health, there's clearly a stronger
consumer out there because of some of the things that the federal government has done with the
pandemic, the prop-up household income, and that's not -- can't last forever.

However, if you kind of examine where we are in the infrastructure bill, and you think about what is
moving from a federal policy perspective on building better infrastructure, whether or not Congress
gets that through, of course, is a question. But if you work under assumption that there seems to be
some bipartisan view that we need to do the right things around infrastructure, and then broadband
and connectivity to the Internet seems to come at the top of the list. I would expect that there's going
to be some more federal money that moves into the industry next year. And some of it comes in the
form of a direct subsidy to what's considered to be low-income households. That definition of low-income
households is a fairly generous definition. It's 200% of the poverty line of the bill that was proposed or
written.

So when you start thinking about that, does that mean that a household, at least in terms of making
decisions on telecommunications purchases, might be in a strong perspective next year? The economy
continues to be reasonably strong. I don't worry about all of a sudden seeing a reversal or turn around the
aggregate spending power on telecommunication services.

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I appreciate the depth of your answer. I would only follow up. And Jeff, I think everybody has been pretty
impressed with the results of AT&T over the last year. I would only follow up that the market is telling you
that investors don't believe it, not necessarily about AT&T, but look at the stock price of AT&T, Verizon and
T-Mobile together. And investors are discounting the terminal value of these companies pretty massively.
And so more detail on that over time might be really helpful.

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

Well, I think our job is to do what we say we're going to do each quarter and continue to meet our
commitments and carry it through. And ultimately, over time that when the cash shows up, it tends to get
reflected in the stock price.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Simon Flannery with Morgan Stanley.

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Thanks for the update on the WarnerMedia transaction. I wonder if you could give us a little bit more on
when we might learn more at the final structure of the deal of the dividends policy, et cetera? Any color
there would be great. And then on the supply chain, can you just revisit the fiber build pacing on the
[ 2.5 ] million. And just general commentary on what you're seeing in the supply chain and how that's
impacting both fiber and 5G rollouts.

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Simon. So it's nice to hear you. Thanks for joining us today. The general progress on the deal, I
think, is consistent with what we would have expected as we walked into it. As we indicated in our opening

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

remarks, we're moving through the steps with the various regulatory agencies, both domestically in the
U.S. and outside the U.S. Those processes are moving along at the pace we would have expected and
don't see any surprises around it. As you might guess, regulatory agencies are doing their typical overview
around that. And we feel really comfortable around the back and forth and what's been produced, the time
lines and the milestones we've hit around those things.

I would not expect that we would be giving details around kind of our view of the construct of the deal
until we're a little further along in that process, and we have some degree of visibility that we know that
there's going to be a positive affirmation of the deal coming out. And we're getting into that, let's call
it the window, where we know we're in the final back and forth to try to get either a consent decree or
approval, whichever comes out of it, to get the transaction moving forward.

You probably have been around the deal long enough to know that we're not at that point right now, and
we're probably not going to be at that point until we get into the early part of next year. And once we
have some visibility around that and we can step back at that moment, look at where the stock price
is, how things are standing in the market at that point in time, and we're starting to get down to that
window where people would need to make a decision, then we'll be giving you some visibility around
what we think the right path forward is around that. And obviously, we want to see what also transpires
here in Washington over the next couple of months. There's chances that policy may change around how
different types of distributions or different approaches get taxed. And all that has to be factored into our
overall equation of how do we get value back into the shareholders' pocket in the right way. And the more
information we have around that, the better informed that will be, and I think the better it will be for
shareholders as they move through it. But of course, there'll be notice. before we close the transaction. I
just wouldn't expect that it's going to be months and months and months before we close the transaction
because we obviously want some degree of regulatory certainty.

And where we are with the build, what the first thing I would probably share with everybody is, we're on
this path to substantially increase our fiber footprint. And that stretches across both our consumer and
our business base. And I think as you've known from past history, this is -- it's not uncommon for us to
go through these ramps of infrastructure builds. We've done it many times before. We've recently been
through one where we went through a multiyear ramp on fiber builds that we kind of started executing
around the 2015 time frame. They always, as you move through the front end of them, have a few
moments where they're a little bit lumpy and a little bit rocky because that's the nature of it. These are
inherently large civil construction projects, and they're spread out across many municipalities. And there's
many permitting agencies and all kinds of things that go on in getting everybody kind of ginned up and
ready to go at scale, sometimes take some steps. But at the end of the day, we always get there.

And I think what's important for the investors to understand is we're on this march to get ourselves into
a position where we can deploy fiber at scale and move from where we are right now, which is we won
an objective of about 3 million passings a year, and we'll ultimately probably ramp that into 5. But we're
looking at other options to see if there's capital efficient ways for us to even take that up a little bit further
and do more, but we will get there. And I would ask that we probably not rotate on any given 90-day
period as to whether or not it was a good 90 days or a bad 90 days. It's a question around whether or
not we scale this up and get to the point that we're starting to deliver new homes into the inventory in a
regular fashion. And I'm absolutely convinced that the organization is doing that.

Are we seeing some supply stress right now in certain places as part of the reason why we guided down
to 2.5 million this year? The answer to that is yes. It's coming in interesting places. But the great news is
when you're the scale player in the market, we work through those faster and with the preferred position
than others. And we're seeing that occur, whether it's chipsets for gateways and homes that are necessary
to put a WiFi infrastructure and a modem in place. Or it's fiber components that are necessary or access to
civil engineering, I think we're working through all those in a respectable fashion.

I can give you an example right now. One of the reasons that we had to kind of deal with a guide down
was one of our fiber providers was struggling a little bit and getting us the prefabricated portions of
the infrastructure that go out into the distribution plan, the last mile, if you will, the parts that go up
and down alleys and streets that ultimately connect homes into the network. And there's preassembled

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

components that come in that are pretty spliced, that are put out into the network as we receive them
from the manufacturer. We have worked through a lot of those issues, and we, in fact, have an awful lot of
that infrastructure, if not all of the 2.5 million that will be placed.

But there is a connector piece of that infrastructure that moves from the optical node that ultimately ties
that into the distribution neighborhood, which we're running a little bit short on right now. And it's literally
a very small section of fiber that splices in the larger distribution. It's frankly the larger distribution that's
harder to deploy. There's more labor hours in it. It's what requires more permits and more activity out in
neighborhoods, but it's that little connector piece, and we're a little bit short on right now. We're working
through with the manufacturer in a collaborative way. We have a lot of plans in place to get that done and
get the work completed. But it's one of those things where it's going to be nip and tuck right up until the
end of everything we put in.

But if for some reason, we fall a little short on that, we're not talking about missing the substantial portion
of the labor. We're talking about missing a connector that has to be put in that can bring up a lot of houses
every time we put 1 more of those in on the network. So we feel good about the ramp. We're going to
continue to ramp, and we're going to continue to give you insights to the new homes that are coming in.
And we also believe, we're in a very unique position, given that we're the largest provider and builder of
fiber out there right now that we're in strength in the industry and what we can command in that supply
chain, and we've secured the right kind of relationships to get that done.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs.

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And 2 more for Jason. So last month at our Communicopia Conference, David Zaslav indicated that they
would likely be taking a bit of a more targeted approach to deploying Discovery+ ahead of the merger
closing. I'm curious, have you or do you intend to modify the rollout or go-to-market plans on HBO Max
ahead of the merger? And if so, can you give us an example of what that means? I guess I'm just curious
whether the current run rate of subscriber growth might actually understate the underlying momentum of
the business, if you were going to market the way you would expect after the merger.

And then the second question is, you're nearly a year into this day-and-date strategy with HBO Max and
theaters. I'm curious, what you've learned maybe the biggest surprise. And then more broadly, how has
this experience shape your view on the role of theatrical distribution in sort of a post-COVID DTC-driven
world?

Jason Kilar
Chief Executive Officer of WarnerMedia LLC

Sure thing, Brett. I very much appreciate the questions. In terms of your first question, our approach is
consistent with what our approach was a quarter ago, 2 quarters ago, 3 quarters ago. And what I mean by
that is that, for us, it's business as usual. We're going to be launching in 6 countries next week in Europe,
and we're very excited about that. And we've also publicly announced a number of other European country
launches in 2022. So our approach is very much what it had been before. And we're excited, if you take a
look at the Latin America results, what expansion across the globe can bring.

In terms of your second question about our motion picture slate and what have we learned. I'll state the
obvious, which is not unique to us, is that we're in the middle of a pandemic, and a pandemic obviously
presents very unique circumstances. And as you know well, we have been very much leading in the first
over the wall, so to speak, in terms of bringing our 2021 slate to customers in a way that can work for
them, but also work for exhibition and work for our participants. And so what we've learned is that motion
pictures continue to matter. We believe they're going to matter for decades to come, and we're proudly
investing in them.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

In terms of the road forward, we've committed to 2022, and that's the visibility that we have. And that
is a combination of 2 things. On one side will be a certain slate of motion pictures that will have an
exclusive theatrical run, 45 days. That's quite a bit different from where things were, say, 5 years ago in
terms of the theatrical run, then they will come to HBO Max. And then we're also going to have a slate of
motion pictures from Warner Bros. that will come directly to HBO Max on Day 1. So that's -- those are the
answers to your 2 questions, Brett. Thank you for asking.

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

Brett, if I put an exclamation point on your first question, which is we absolutely believe and did this
transaction with the notion that we're moving this business forward in a Direct-to-Consumer marketplace.
And it's required that you get to scale, and I've said multiple times that run a window here where that's a
foot race, and it's an important foot race. So there's no pulling the foot off the accelerator in that regard.
It is -- HBO Max is the foundation of that business moving forward and how the combined company will
continue to go to market. And everything that we do right now to make that product better and add
customers is a step in the right direction and the consistent direction of where the closed and combined
business goes. And we all want the shareholders that own a substantial portion of that company moving
forward to have a valuable asset, one that's growing and one that will be successful in the next generation
of media. And we believe we've got to do the right things right now to make sure that the business is well-
positioned to make that happen.

Operator

And the next question comes from the line of David Barden with Bank of America.

David William Barden
BofA Securities, Research Division

Two, if I could. The first one, Pascal, I think, for you. The way that the industry is growing ARPU has been
moving meter plans to unlimited, unlimited to premium unlimited. You called out that now that we're at
the end of year 1 of the promotional retention discounts that you guys are offering, the amortization of
those discounts and ARPU is starting to be felt in a 60 basis point year-over-year decline. Can you kind
of give us a feeling for how we should expect these 2 forces to work against one another as year 2 and
year 3 see these promotional discounts compound as a headwind, assuming you continue down this path?
And the runway you have to try to offset that with core growth, recognizing, of course, that it's just an
accounting issue.

And then the second question would be, you mentioned that you've taken a year's worth of initiatives to
try to improve the business revenue trajectory. Could you kind of give us a picture of kind of what has
happened? And what kind of change do you expect to see in the business outlook?

Pascal Desroches
Senior EVP & CFO

So Dave, on the latter question, you're talking about Business Wireline?

David William Barden
BofA Securities, Research Division

Correct.

Pascal Desroches
Senior EVP & CFO

Okay. Let me start, and Jeff will probably chime in on a few items. Remember, as we've said, the
promotions that we are doing, one, not all customers are taking them. So that's a big factor to keep in
mind. Two, yes, the amortization is growing, but the ARPU, the cash ARPU is there. And when you couple
the increase -- the continued vibrant cash ARPU with the expense work that we are doing in the middle
of the P&L, we expect to grow both top line and bottom line as we move forward. And yes, there will be

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

some slight degradation in ARPU. But when you look at our overall ARPU, we're still at the high end of the
industry. So that's a consideration to keep in mind. These are very profitable lifetime value subscribers.

As it relates to Business Wireline. We started about a year ago, starting to rationalize low-profit margin
products and services. And that effort continues. The goal would be, over time, more and more of our
services in the enterprise space are going to come from our core connectivity product, whether it be
wireless or fiber. And that's where the growth is going to come. And it's a process we are partway through,
but we think as you get through the latter part of this year to early next year, the comps get a little bit
easier. I'll ask Jeff to chime in.

Jeffery Scott McElfresh
Chief Executive Officer of AT&T Communications LLC

Yes. Thanks, Pascal. If you look at our Business Wireline business, as we reported segment-wise, we are
moving customers, many of our enterprise customers through a product mix shift. We've been doing
this for a while. I think it's important to note that, unlike others, we don't report a consolidated business
P&L that includes wireless. And we are actually seeing shift to wireless for many services as many of our
customers have moved off and over in the pandemic. That's just a general observation.

More specifically, David, the 3 parts of our business that we're getting to subscriber growth, revenue
growth and then EBITDA growth, we've got first two, our business -- our Consumer Wireline and our
Mobility moving in that direction. And we are at the cusp of getting our Business Wireline business to
move in that direction. It's going to take some time because it's going to require some product mix and
product development work, specifically areas of the business markets that we, at AT&T, serve less were
underrepresented or more of the medium-sized businesses in the mid-market. And these customers are
more inclined to use shared broadband served up by fiber and our business service -- class services that
we sell to our top-end enterprise accounts are a bit more bespoke and specific networking networks that
are not necessarily attractive to the mid-markets. We have been making moves to shift the product mix in
demand.

And as John mentioned earlier, as our fiber expansion, that's not just for consumer but also for business,
begins to take footing, you'll see us shift shares of our revenue in Business Wireline more transactional-
based and down market with the execution that we know we can deliver. And so it's going to take a few
quarters as we work through it. The cost transformation that we're undertaking inside the Communications
company, as Pascal mentioned, we're about halfway through the $6 billion in aggregate for the firm.
The back half of the transformation program really brings in more operating efficiencies in our Business
Wireline segment that we'll see start to accrete to EBITDA growth in that part of our business.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Michael Rollins with Citi.

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Just wanted to follow-up, and forgive me if you mentioned a little of this earlier, but I just wanted to
unpack this a little bit further. In terms of the Wireless business, what you're seeing in terms of the rate in
participation for unlimited plans and the higher value plans? And how much opportunity is in front of the
company to upsell customers on these higher value plans that you've been marketing?

And then just secondly, back in -- I think it was March at the Analyst Day, AT&T set a goal for net debt
to end the year at $154 billion at 3x leverage, which infers if you just divide the 3 into the net debt.
It's about $51.3 billion of EBITDA ex-DTV for the year. And since then, it seems like your cost-cutting
program is moving faster. So just curious if you can give us an update on these goals? And is that the right
bouncing-off point to think about the AT&T EBITDA without DIRECTV for 2021?

Jeffery Scott McElfresh
Chief Executive Officer of AT&T Communications LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Mike, I'll take the first part of your question. This is Jeff. There still remains a large opportunity within
our base of customers to work them through a more value, higher end of our rate plans. And you're kind
of seeing that play out in postpaid phone ARPU. Pascal touched on this a second ago. If you think about
maintaining the industry-leading, the highest ARPU of any player in the market, even though we're the
third player in wireless, being able to do that with some of these promotional offers that are part of our
strategy, gives us confidence that we're working our base and our customers up the ARPU stack into
higher-value unlimited rate plans.

We still have large portions of our subscriber base that we have not migrated into those rate plans. And
so we expect that to continue pretty much on the course and speed of what the customer wants. We're
not driving or forcing any unnatural behavior there. We're letting the customers choose when it's time for
them to take advantage of an offer or to move into a new rate plan, and we'll continue to execute that. So
that's got room to run for the next many several quarters. That's not something that's going to dry up in
the short term.

Pascal Desroches
Senior EVP & CFO

Mike, a couple of things to keep in mind. While we didn't -- we're not updating that guidance. We
feel comfortable with it. If you want to get to a sense for what the base business is post-DTV and
WarnerMedia, which I think all of the information is out there, we've provided -- for WarnerMedia, we
report the results separately. So those are very easily discernible. And then if you look at DTV, we've
provided extensive pro forma.

The thing to keep in mind is when we compute net debt-to-EBITDA, we use the trailing 12 months. In this
instance, some of it included DTV for part of the year, and it doesn't include DTV for another part of the
year. So that's how you're getting to your 3x. That's how we get to 3x in the guidance we provided. But
other than that, we're not changing the guidance. We think that should get you in the zone. And if you
have any further questions, I'm sure the IR team can walk you through it.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar from Barclays.

Kannan Venkateshwar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So I guess if I could just dig into the Fiber business a little bit more. Is there any change in terms of the
go-to-market strategy? I think you guys tweaked the pricing plans, if I'm not wrong, during Q3. But more
broadly, if you could give us some color around what part of this origination also includes bundles with
Wireless? And the acceleration in growth in fiber, you guys have been building out fiber for a while as a
part of the DTV deal, and some of that was overlapped with your DSL footprint. But in that overlap, you
did not seem to get the same kind of success that you are getting right now. So if you could just expand
on the differences in go-to-market as well as the customer cohorts that you're targeting and how you
expect that to evolve, that will be useful.

Jeffery Scott McElfresh
Chief Executive Officer of AT&T Communications LLC

Kannan, it's Jeff. What has been our difference in go-to-market strategy? We are executing at a faster
pace in this build than we did in the prior build. Our -- in fact, the gross additions that we had in our Fiber
business in the third quarter, roughly around 500,000 highest ever.

Our network engineering teams are getting the fiber late into the ground, into customer homes in a cycle
time. That's about 30% faster than our prior build. And our marketing organization is tactically out in the
markets, driving early 30-, 60-, 90-day [indiscernible] rates at 2x the levels that we saw in the prior build.
We are absolutely including wireless as a bundled opportunity for us in this part of our footprint. And I'd
cite that about 7 out of 10 additions to our fiber network in this last quarter were new accounts to AT&T

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

and, therefore, give us an opportunity to go drive Mobility growth as well in the footprints where we built
it.

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

And I'd just maybe emphasize something Jeff said and maybe will quibble a little bit with your
characterization of the previous success on the "last build". There was really not much new fiber build
from about 2018. At the end of 2018, for -- there's a bit of a hiatus period there. So I would tell you that a
lot of the results you're seeing right now, to Jeff's point, is really better execution of the team going back
in and working in some of the asset base to actually improve performance overall.

Yes, now the midpoint of this year, you're now seeing some new inventory come into play, and we're
getting a lot better, as Jeff just described, moving through penetration rates faster. And if we, in fact,
sustain that, it's going to make the business case even a stronger business case because one of the big
sensitivities to payback is rate to penetration. And if we can keep that going, it can be dramatically better
than what we think is already a pretty attractive business case.

And the last point I would make is the nice part about this build in many instances is that we're filling
in a little bit of areas that we maybe didn't complete previously. And so as that fill-in occurs, you get
some effectiveness on marketing messages, the ability to go into a market and get your particular value
proposition effectively communicated, how you deal with your distribution channels through that. So we'll
probably be a little bit more effective and efficient given the base of customers that we have as we build
out and fill in over the next several quarters.

Kannan Venkateshwar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Got it. Can I just follow up? I mean in terms of your go-to-market strategy in wireless, the device
promotions obviously helped quite a bit over the course of the last year. When we look at the broadband
side of the business, the current pricing structure and the promotional structure that you have, should we
basically think of that as the operating steady state? Or you're thinking more broadly about potentially a
different kind of pricing and promotional structure to accelerate this growth?

Jeffery Scott McElfresh
Chief Executive Officer of AT&T Communications LLC

Kannan, right now, given the demand that we have for this best-in-class product, that's 4.5x better than
our nearest competitor, and the quality of the products and the value that we offer to the market, we like
the demand that we're generating. This business is about getting fiber built as quickly as we can to serve
these customers, to give them gigabit level speeds at a really solid price point. So I wouldn't anticipate
any change or moves so long as our offer in the market continues to gain customers.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Frank Louthan with Raymond James.

Frank Garrett Louthan
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Can you walk us through your fixed wireless strategy? And what percentage of the demand do you think
that product comes from enterprises versus consumer? And then also curious on the outlook for wholesale
on wireless. You potentially lose some share, I guess, with TracFone over time. But what about wholesale
deals with other LEC or things like that to try and [ boost ] that business?

Jeffery Scott McElfresh
Chief Executive Officer of AT&T Communications LLC

Frank, it's Jeff. Right now for our Broadband business, as you know, we're focused on fiber, but we do offer
some fixed wireless services. And it's predominantly focused today in the enterprise segment, where most

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

of those clients are looking for a 4G or 5G wireless backhaul. We are experimenting as is everyone else
in leveraging our scaled wireless network to maybe augment pockets and areas with some fixed wireless,
but it honestly is not a lead product for us. And we won't make that top of the funnel for our broadband
services. Your second part of the question was what, Frank?

Frank Garrett Louthan
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

On the wholesale side in wireless, you potentially lose some share over time with the TracFone deal. And
what are your thoughts on growing that business, possibly offering wholesale deals to other smaller LECs
that are building broadband and so forth to kind of boost that wholesale revenue over time?

Jeffery Scott McElfresh
Chief Executive Officer of AT&T Communications LLC

Well, for sure, all of our network assets, we're looking to maximize the yield. And because of the
investments that we've made in wireless, Frank, we've got ample capacity sitting inside of our broad
network architecture or infrastructure. And so akin to what we have announced previously with DISH,
which by the way, is operationally up and running, we've successfully integrated our systems with the
DISH systems and now providing connections into their distribution network. And we're going to look to
ramp that MVNO offering for DISH over the course of the '22 and beyond.

I'll remind you, that's 10-year deals is long term. And so based on that move, you should expect that we
are interested in serving all forms of traffic so long as they are accretive to our share owners and to our
business. And I would expect, you'll see us as a participant in that.

If you look also -- one last comment, Frank. If you look at historically, we've been pretty underrepresented
in retail or wholesale in our run rates of our business. And so it's been an area of focus for the team, and
we'll look to grow that line in our business.

Operator

And that last question will be coming from the line of Colby Synesael with Cowen.

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I just wanted to follow up on the $6 billion cost-reduction initiative. How long will it take to achieve the
back half of that goal? Secondly, would you expect this to actually result in margin accretion? Or will the
majority of this be reinvested? And then, I guess, third on that, what segments are we really going to see
that show up in the -- you mentioned, I think, Business Wireline, but is there any others that will be fairly
material as well?

And just real quickly, John, in one of your comments, you mentioned going from 3 million to 5 million
homes passed per year with fiber. I, at least, hadn't heard that 5 million number before. Is that new? Or
is that always there? And is that just simply intended to get you to catch up to get to that 30 million home
passed long-term goal? Or is there an expectation that you're going to go well beyond that 30 million that
you had previously mentioned?

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

Colby, I've been pretty clear from the front end of this. My view is our job is to execute and return to
you results that you look at and say those are really impressive and that's great. And that the business,
to the extent that we do that, I fully believe there's more opportunity for us to go out and continue to
build infrastructure that's highly capable that can attract business. And I think my belief is that this
management team, as we demonstrate in the market, we can do that.

Do I believe there's an opportunity for us as a company to operate at a 5 million a year range kind of at
capacity and what we do. I think we can get there. How we get there and how we scale that and what

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

time frame will be an artifact of what we come back to you and tell you in terms of our results and how
much progress we're making around them. And we're going to continue to push forward. But as I work
with the management team internally, it's kind of how I'm asking them to think about scaling up their
business, running their business, sizing their business, creating vendor relationships that allow us to move
that path. And that's the -- it's up to us to execute around that to get there.

The last -- I'll make a comment just on the other piece, and then turn it to Jeff to get to the bulk of it.
We've given you guidance on cash flow for 2022, 2023. And there's obviously questions that many of you
are asking, "Well, can they get to that level?" And you better believe some of the cost savings stuff is
dropping to the bottom line because that's how we get to that level.

So the back end of this program, while we've used the front end of it to actually increase our market
effectiveness and be in a better position in terms of our customer growth and volume, the back end of this
program is about actually getting a better efficiency that drops to the bottom line that ultimately comes in
play and helps us on the cash flow side. And I think that's how you should think about how we've kind of
done that. And there's some structural approaches that we're using on the higher longer-term issues like
changing out IT infrastructure and data structures, et cetera, that's harder and longer work, but tends to
also have more operating leverage once it goes into service, and we get it done. And that's really what's
underneath it. Jeff, why don't you go ahead and find any additional color you might want to add, I'm
talking.

Jeffery Scott McElfresh
Chief Executive Officer of AT&T Communications LLC

Yes. And it's not only impacting our Business Wireline part of the franchise, Colby. It's all 3 reported
segments. I think we've been investing heavily in these transformation initiatives to go drive growth and
improve our cost structure and our effectiveness as an organization. Simply put, we have been hard at
work inside of the company preparing for a better execution and a better operating performance. And
we're seeing signs of that in our Wireless business. We're seeing signs it is now in our Consumer Wireline
business. And I'd tell you that the Business Wireline begins to feather in as we move into the back half of
the program.

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

Okay. With that, first of all, thank you all for joining us this morning and appreciate your questions and
your interest in the business. And as I said at the start of the call, I think in some respects, the quarter is
more of the same. It's been consistent focus and consistent execution.

And I would say, I'm really pleased with our progress overall on how the team is executing. There are
a lot of moving parts, and there have been some distractions, but I really am pleased across the board,
whether in the Communications company and Media company. Teams have done a remarkable job that
stay in focus on what their task is at hand. And I only get more excited about that because as we work our
way through this process, and some of those distractions drop away, I think the sky is the limit in terms of
what these teams can do with even better execution as they hit their stride around things.

The comment that Phil made, I guess, where I would come out on my point of view of these markets that
we're involved in, as I'm actually much more bullish and optimistic about the markets in aggregate. I think
there's a reason, there's a substantial amount of investment moving into these industries, and it's because
there's a tremendous importance and an inherent value that customers get out of connectivity moving
forward. And if I were to think about our businesses on the communications side of the company, we are
moving into what I would call the golden age of connectivity and ubiquity and connectivity. I actually feel
really optimistic about that, that there's some really smart operators in this industry.

They're investing because they have a path to gain return on those things, and they're going to do it in
a way that's intelligent and smart. And demand is strong in these industries, and I believe there may
be some structural changes that come out of some of the programs that the government is looking at
that could make that demand even stronger and more robust. And I believe that if policy is structured

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

appropriately in this country right now, we can see a really strong forward progress in the communications
industry that's good for all of us.

On the media side, I think we are in a very, very unique position with what we've done. We set out, as we
started HBO Max with a description of a product that we thought was going to be different, it was going to
be a more focused product with a higher degree of quality and a more distinct brand characterization of
what we did moving forward. I think if you go out and you look at any third party that's been evaluating
that, as the team has gained its stride and continue to iterate on the quality of the product, the quality
of the platform, as we move through the pandemic in terms of our ability to bring new content out, the
market, ratings of engagement, viewership, awards that have come in, indications of time engaged on the
platform from third parties have all been recognizing the team on that work.

And I absolutely believe it is a unique breed of cat that, when combined with Discovery moving forward,
will only strengthen its capabilities to become one of the must-have platforms of consumers moving
forward, and a tremendous amount of value creation as that customer base is established globally.

So with that, we'll talk to you as we wrap up the year. I expect to come back and tell you more of the
same. And I hope you all have a great fourth quarter and great holidays if I don't talk to you before then.

Operator
And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation
and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AT&T INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

