AT&T Inc. NYSE:T
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 22, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

0.78

0.86

10.26

0.79

3.14

3.18

3.15

Revenue  (mm)

42664.65

43939.00

2.99

42395.71

172301.73

-

170233.79

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-22-2021 4:12 AM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.79

0.76

0.73

0.78

0.83

0.76

0.75

0.86

5.06 %

0.00 %

2.74 %

10.26 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Amir Rozwadowski
Senior VP of Finance & Investor
Relations

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

Pascal Desroches
Senior EVP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

David William Barden
BofA Securities, Research Division

Frank Garrett Louthan
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Kannan Venkateshwar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to AT&T's first Quarter 2021 Earnings Call.
[Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Amir Rozwadowski, Senior Vice President,
Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Amir Rozwadowski
Senior VP of Finance & Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter call. I'm Amir Rozwadowski,
Head of Investor Relations for AT&T. Joining me on the call today are John Stankey, our CEO; and Pascal
Desroches, our Chief Financial Officer.

Before we begin, I need to call your attention to our safe harbor statement. It says that some of our
comments today may be forward-looking. As such, they're subject to risks and uncertainties described
in AT&T's SEC filings. Results may differ materially. Additional information is available on the Investor
Relations website. And as always, our earnings materials are on our website.

With that, I'll turn the call over to John Stankey. John?

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Amir, and good morning, everyone. It's been about 6 weeks since our Analyst and Investor Day.
So the framework for what we'll cover today will be familiar to you. We have a consistent, deliberate
and clear approach to the way we run our business: from our market focus areas to our 2021 priority to
grow customer relationships, with most U.S. households across these market focus areas, to our capital
allocation plans.

As you see in our quarterly results, our execution has been sharp, and we have momentum. We continue
to grow our customer relationships with strong subscriber growth in Mobility, AT&T Fiber and HBO Max.
We also continued to invest both in capital spending and in content. Our ability to drive costs out of our
business and deliver strong cash flows has allowed us to invest in strategic growth.

However, as you can see from the results, we're investing wisely. We've been deliberate and intentional
in allocating dollars where they'll generate returns. This supports the future of our business, while also
optimizing the returns on strategic opportunities across our portfolio. For example, cost transformation
efforts in Mobility yield improved year-over-year profits, while we simultaneously invested to drive
customer growth.

Same at WarnerMedia, where EBITDA was down slightly even with significant increased investment in HBO
Max. The restructuring and consolidation of our WarnerMedia business is driving cost savings in our studio
operations, networks, sales force and technology. Our transformation initiatives across the company are
driving efficiencies and freeing up capital to invest in our growth areas, and there is more opportunity
ahead of us.

Our deliberate capital allocation plan allowed us to invest and sustain our dividend at current levels,
which we believe is attractive. We're prioritizing cash after dividends to reduce debt. And we continue to
monetize noncore assets as we refine our overall business focus, as you saw us do in the quarter, with our
announced sale of a controlling interest in DIRECTV and our other video assets.

Let's look at the progress we made in delivering on our market focus areas on Slide 4. Our customer
growth was impressive across Mobility, Fiber and HBO Max. And we're doing it the right way, with a focus
on growing profitability.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

In Mobility, we added nearly 600,000 postpaid phones in the quarter, our best net add first quarter in
more than 10 years. Our subscriber momentum is strong, and we're taking share. Gross adds are up,
and our average promotional spend per net add is significantly lower than a year ago. Our transformation
program is enabling us to be competitive.

At the same time, we're benefiting from a simplified go-to-market strategy and optimized sales and
distribution channels. Mobility EBITDA was up more than 2%, and service margins increased 100 basis
points despite a 2020 first quarter compare, where roaming revenues were largely unimpacted. You put it
all together, and I believe this demonstrates the formula works.

AT&T Fiber net adds were strong and penetration levels continue to expand. We've added more than 1
million Fiber subscribers in the last 4 quarters. IP broadband revenues grew nearly 5% in the quarter, and
we're on pace to build out Fiber to another 3 million consumer and business customer locations this year.

HBO Max continues to deliver strong subscriber gains, fueled by the success of our day-and-date theatrical
strategy and our steadily strengthening post-COVID content slate. In the U.S., we've added more than 11
million domestic HBO Max and HBO subscribers in the last 12 months.

It's a premium offer, with a premium ARPU compared to other streaming platforms. And subscription
revenues in the first quarter grew about 35% globally for WarnerMedia's Direct-to-Consumer business,
and we're on track to launch HBO Max internationally and introduce an AVOD product in June.

Across the board, we're encouraged by our momentum and how our management team is executing
against our singular priority to grow customer relationships in our market focus areas. With that, I'll turn it
over to Pascal to discuss the specifics of our first quarter results.

Pascal, welcome, and the floor is yours.

Pascal Desroches
Senior EVP & CFO

Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin with our consolidated results on Slide 6.

We started the year with growing revenues, earnings and cash flows. Revenues were up from a year ago,
with gains in Mobility and WarnerMedia more than offsetting declines from Video, legacy services and
FX. As a reminder, our Communications segment has been recast to exclude our Video business. For the
quarter, Communications EBITDA was essentially flat with the prior year. That demonstrates a marked
improvement from the fourth quarter.

Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.86. That's up more than 2% year-over-year. We also had a good start
to the year with our cash flows. Cash from operations came in at $9.9 billion for the quarter. Free cash
flow was $5.9 billion, with higher sales of receivables, lower CapEx and interest.

Our dividend payout ratio was about 63%. CapEx was $4 billion. Gross capital investment was $5.7 billion.
In addition, WarnerMedia's total cash content investment across all their business this quarter was $4.5
billion, slightly higher than last year.

As we indicated at our Analyst Day, we are investing in our market focus areas, and we're seeing further
validation of our strategy in the first quarter results. Therefore, we edged up our gross capital investment
expectations to the $22 billion range for the year. Additionally, we increased our expected vendor financing
payments, given our ability to negotiate favorable terms.

Let's now look at our segment operating results, starting with our Communications segment on Slide 7.
Mobility continues to lead the way in our Communications business. We saw a strong customer growth
in our postpaid phone base, growing service revenues, growing EBITDA, with expanding EBITDA service
margin, and that's with continued headwinds facing our high-margin international roaming business that
we estimate cost us about $100 million in EBITDA this quarter.

Our simple, direct postpaid phone offers continue to resonate with customers. And as John mentioned, our
Mobility gross adds share is increasing and postpaid phone churn has stayed near record-low levels. Cost

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

transformation continues to be a big part of the story for Mobility. Our more efficient sales processes and
streamlined operations are driving down costs.

In fact, our average promotional spend per net adds is significantly lower than a year ago. Our cost efforts
are also evident in Business Wireline. Cost management has helped expand EBITDA margins as customers
transition away from higher-margin legacy services and products. But the product simplification and the
resulting cost savings have been key to delivering solid EBITDA.

Consumer Wireline is another business in transition. We are moving quickly to expand our Fiber footprint,
and our results show you why that is crucial. We added 235,000 AT&T Fiber customers in the quarter. IP
broadband ARPU grew 3.2% year-over-year.

Our Fiber penetration rate is more than 35% and growing. And total broadband net adds also increased.
We expect this to be the trough in terms of year-over-year EBITDA growth. We expect trends to improve
from here, driven by IP broadband revenue growth in the mid-single digits for the year.

Let's move on to WarnerMedia, which is on Slide 8. WarnerMedia results are the first half of what we
expect will be a transformational year for the business. Revenues were up nearly 10%. Higher Direct-to-
Consumer subscription and advertising revenues drove the growth.

And even with higher customer acquisition and content costs associated with HBO Max and higher sports
costs, EBITDA was down only slightly. Advertising revenues were up more than 18%, driven by return of
sports, especially the NCAA championship, Men's Basketball Tournament. Direct-to-Consumer subscription
revenues grew about 35%, reflecting the success of HBO Max.

We now have 44.2 million domestic HBO Max and HBO subscribers and nearly 64 million worldwide
subscribers. Average monthly revenue per domestic customer is just a little less than $12. And now we
have 11 million customers who combined one or more connectivity products with HBO Max or HBO.

The same-day release of movies in theaters and on HBO Max has been a success. It has provided theaters
with a steady flow of content in a pandemic-challenged environment. And it's also been a great catalyst
for subscriber growth at HBO Max.

The success of Godzilla vs. Kong at both the box office and on HBO Max bears this out. It had the largest
domestic box office of any other movie in the last year, while also having the largest viewing audience of
any other film or show on HBO Max since launch. And films such as Godzilla vs. Kong attract new retail
customers who are staying because they enjoy other content on the platform.

We're really looking forward to the introduction of our international and AVOD products planned for HBO
Max later in June. We plan to have attractive price points for our AVOD offering. And we expect to lean
into our international launch, reaching 60 additional markets by the end of the year. Our aim is to use our
differentiated premium content offering to attract global customers.

Now let's go to Slide 9 for an update on our capital allocation and liquidity. We made our $23 billion C-
band spectrum payment since we last talked to you in March. That drove net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA
ratio to 3.1x. We expect this will be our peak leverage level.

We're still on track to have a sizable reduction in debt by year-end through a combination of strong free
cash flows and proceeds from asset monetization. We'll continue to focus on debt reduction. We expect our
net debt to adjusted EBITDA to be around 3x by year-end.

We also continue to actively evaluate other asset monetization opportunities. Our treasury team has also
been working tirelessly to lower our cost of debt. Our weighted average cost of debt is down 50 basis
points year-over-year, driving about $150 million in lower interest costs in the first quarter.

Our weighted average maturity for debt is 16 years at a weighted average cost of 3.8%. About 90% of our
debt is at a fixed rate, so we feel we're well protected in an increasing interest rate environment.

Amir, that's our presentation. We're now ready for the Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Amir Rozwadowski
Senior VP of Finance & Investor Relations
Thank you, Pascal. Operator, we're ready to take the first question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Hodulik from UBS.

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Maybe 2 questions on the WarnerMedia side. You've got 64 million total HBO Max subs, and the AVOD and
international launches coming later this year and obviously some momentum, so it's certainly more than
we thought in the first quarter. I mean, is the 67 million to 70 million guide for year-end, does that need
to come up? And if not, why do you expect a slowdown?

And then maybe for Pascal, I mean, you mentioned some of the drivers, but we expected a double-digit
decline in WarnerMedia EBITDA this quarter despite -- driven by all the content investment in HBO Max.
Can you give us some more color on some of the drivers that kept that EBITDA essentially flat? And is that
a trend that we can expect through the year even as the investment ramps?

Pascal Desroches
Senior EVP & CFO

Thank you for your question, John. A couple of things to keep in mind. First, as it relates to our guide,
we provided our guide on Investor Day. And obviously, we're really pleased with how the business is
performing.

But at this time, we're not going to update our guidance beyond what we've said already. But we are really
pleased with the performance. And I think what you're seeing is we're putting out a really good product
and consumers are responding.

In terms of WarnerMedia overall, here's a thing to focus on. We've mentioned this several times, but over
the course of the last several years, there's been a consistent transformation effort taking out duplicate
costs across the organization. So we have combined technology organization, sales function, content
production studios.

So all that is what you're seeing coming through is offsetting the investment that we are making in HBO
Max. That was the plan. That was deliberate. And that's what we -- that was our objective, and it's coming
through.

In terms of going forward, I'm not going to comment on what the exact trends are going to be. But again,
you should keep -- we have significant transformation savings that should help subsidize some of the
investment we're making.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Barden from Bank of America.

David William Barden
BofA Securities, Research Division

Maybe 2, if I could. John, you talked at the Analyst Day about the prospect of accelerating Fiber
investment based on the success rate that the team had in deploying against the opportunity that they
were presented, with the 3 million passings this year, potentially as many as 4 million next year. Could you
talk a little bit about kind of what you're seeing on the ground relative to your expectations, and how the
recent price changes in the Fiber business factor into that game plan?

And then, I guess, the second question for you, Pascal. You effectively lowered your CapEx guidance by
boosting your plan to take advantage of vendor financing, but you kept the free cash flow guidance the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

same, implying lower operating cash flow from a quarter ago. Could you elaborate a little bit on how we
kind of square that change in the guidance with what looks like relatively strong performance this quarter?

Pascal Desroches
Senior EVP & CFO

Dave, let me start with the CapEx question, then I'll turn it over to John. Here's the context to keep
in mind. Our first quarter performance was really strong. And typically, as you know, this is the low
watermark for free cash flow delivery. And so we're really pleased with how the business is performing and
the customer momentum.

Rest assured, you should not read into this any more than it is. We -- when we looked at our projections
for capital spend, we thought it was appropriate to increase it. But we didn't think at this time of the
year, given how early it is, it was appropriate to start to change guidance. We want it to maintain some
flexibility, but we are really comfortable with our free cash flow guidance. And it has not changed in any
way as a result of the change that we've made to CapEx, so there's really nothing more to it than that.

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

Yes. And I'd tell you, Dave, just to kind of maybe put a finer point on what Pascal said. One of the things
I'm trying to impress upon with the management team is we want to do things the right way, and we want
to do things in a sustainable way.

And I had probably a little bit of a cultural shift. We have a very process-driven organization that's very
focused on delivering what we ask them to do, and that's a great strength. But sometimes, that means
that people are very literal about looking at a number and saying, "I will get you that number," and maybe
don't raise a point that says, "If you give me a little bit of flexibility, I could do something a lot more
efficiently or effectively for the next 2 years."

And I'm really trying hard with the management team to help them understand they have the latitude to
do the right thing for the long haul. And that while we want some consistency in how we run the business,
there's a limit to doing that with the de minimis returns or diminishing returns.

And so with that, I got to back up what I say to folks. And when they come in and they have compelling
ways to think about how we should build or go about deploying, I need to be responsive in ensuring that
I give them the latitude to do that. And given the number of things we have underway that we're scaling,
including the Fiber build, as you asked the question and what we're doing around starting to roll into 5G
deployment, et cetera, making sure that we get that latitude in there is really important to me. And I think
it's important to supporting them.

And what I'm seeing on the early days of -- I won't even call it the early days, what I know about
our base on our Fiber deployment and what we know about the incremental work is it's, from an
operational perspective and a market perspective, all green lights. That's one of the reasons why I'm
really comfortable in letting the team run in the way that we're letting them run.

And I like what I see in terms of our market position. If you look at things like customer lives, churn,
customer satisfaction and Net Promoter Scores and the actual performance of the product, they're all
great. And when you start looking at that, you know there's going to be goodness.

And I've told you this before, I've not seen share movement on typical products like this as rapidly as
we're able to get share movement once we deploy an area. And I frankly have never seen customer
satisfaction levels move up and get to a promoting position in the market as we transition the product as
fast as we're seeing. I think both of those things bode really well.

And as you heard Pascal talk about in the opening remarks, we think we're at kind of the bottom of
our EBITDA compare. A lot of that is actually being driven by our strategy to start attaching content to
broadband. That's been really good in terms of driving those customer lives up. It's driving churn down.
It's driving engagement and satisfaction levels higher.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

We're going to get the benefit of that over the customer life cycle. And as we start to lap that, you're
going to start to see our EBITDA dynamics start to creep back up to where we want them. So I feel really
good across the board.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Simon Flannery from Morgan Stanley.

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

John, can you talk a little bit about the plans for the C-band spectrum? What are you doing in the
marketplace today? When do you expect to get the initial markets rolled out?

And is that -- what's then the extra $1 billion is going on? Is that part of the $6 billion to $8 billion you
called out? So any updates around the timing there would be great. And I think you just mentioned on
CNBC around your interest in the 3.45, perhaps you can expand on that?

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

So Simon, we gave you the POPs coverage guide at the Analyst Day, and we haven't changed any of that.
Now even within -- without changing the pace and rate of where we are on C-band deployment, which will
begin turning markets up late this year, that doesn't mean that, in things that we're doing today, that can
help the 2022 build, that we wouldn't make some decisions on deployment.

And that is an aspect of some of this -- the capital dynamic we described, but it's not the aspect. There
are a variety of things that are playing into it. That's one of several.

And so as we time certain things, the aggregate amount may be the same, but there's things that
we can do today as we're touching towers and doing things and parts of the infrastructure that, for
example, maybe aren't going to be in service until later in '22, that we could do a little more efficiently to
preprovision some things and not go back and touch them a second time. So some of that ordering is a
dynamic that we're trying to drive through.

As I've told you, I don't expect that there's going to be any change right now on our deployment plans
and the growth from the guidance that we gave you 5 weeks ago. We'll see as we get into this a little
bit deeper. As usual, we're in that cycle where technology is relatively new. Vendors have commitments.
We're waiting on specific units.

Global supply chains are stressed right now across the board. And you asked the question, "Can you do
the work?" And people will give you comfortable answers. But I'm a little skittish. I mean, we're seeing
dynamics that are occurring in the global supply chain where unexpected things are popping up.

And it is possible that we could see certain element shortages that start to crop up as everybody is racing
to put stuff up on towers in May. And that's why I want to be a little bit cautious around guiding up or
doing anything different until we get a little bit of momentum around that.

In terms of where we are on the 3.45 end-of-year DoD auction, look, I believe that there could be an
opportunity there. We're going to watch it carefully. We've always participated in any spectrum auction
that comes forward, or looked at it and said, "Does it make sense for the portfolio?" And we can see some
things that if the valuations are sound valuations, that makes sense for our business.

I will tell you, in the guidance we've provided you over the next several years, we have plugged in an
expectation that we will be in spectrum markets as we guide down to our 2.5 debt-to-EBITDA level that
we projected for you in '24. And so I expect, within that plan, we're going to be looking at it and saying,
"Do we like the valuations, and does it make sense?" And we do believe some of that spectrum could fit
into our network portfolio and be helpful to us down the road if the auction is done in the way we think it's
going to be done.

Operator
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rollins from Citi.

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Two questions, if I could. First, just curious if you could share more details on the customer engagement
levels that you're seeing on the HBO Max platform, to gain a better understanding of how customers are
using the platform after the initial reason to purchase the service or activate on to the application.

And then, secondly, just curious if you could also provide some context on the customer verticals that
are contributing to the improvement in the wireless postpaid subscriber growth, and if you're seeing any
impact or change to your growth or growth expectations from some of the recent promotional changes of
your competitors.

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

So Mike, let me give you kind of -- we're not going to give you any more guide publicly on the hours of
engagement than what we gave you at Analyst Day. I don't want to get into kind of every 5-week update
on those numbers.

I think we gave you a good sense of what's happening, and our satisfaction that we're well up over 2
hours per day per account. And I think that's a really good place to be. And it certainly is probably higher
than our engineered expectations when we launched the product, and we'll take that goodness.

The behaviors of what customers are doing, really, I don't think are dramatically different than what you
would see on any other SVOD service. As Pascal mentioned, we clearly have a good reason for them to
come in. And we're seeing in the customer data that many are opting to come in because of theatrical
slate opportunity.

And credit to the team. They've done a remarkable job not only of engineering that strategy and executing
it, carrying it through, and it's playing out exactly as we kind of laid out for you when we said we wanted
to do it in terms of the mix. We've got more of the year to get through to see what that balance is
between theatrical revenues versus SVOD.

But when you look at the customer growth on SVOD, and you see some of the early data coming back
on movies like Kong vs. Godzilla (sic) [ Godzilla vs. Kong ] in the theater, I think you can all see that
there's probably a pretty compelling rising tide lifting all boats in this case. And we feel it's the right call
for the moment we were in with the pandemic and really comfortable about that. And that drives customer
exploration of the product.

And once they come in, they do what they do with any other SVOD service. They go to our high-value
series. So any of the new scripted series content that we have out there, HBO Originals, HBO Max
Originals, they go for the high-profile ones, and they start to engage on those. And then guess what else
they do? They dig deeper into the library.

And there's workhorses in the library, depending on the demographic of the individual, that tends to
sustain them around. And because of the good job of marketing the slate for the movies, I think what
we're seeing is evidence that they say, "Well, gosh, I'm now into it for 2, 3 weeks, and I know there's
another one coming next month that I want to see. I'm sticking around." And so our churn expectations
have been consistent with what we expected moving in.

And so I think it's just the classic approach to managing any SVOD service, although we're playing to our
strengths in how we're tiering the content. And we're using theatrical maybe a little bit more heavily than
other services might use because that's one of our strong suits, and it always has been, with the strength
of HBO and the theatrical slate that HBO offered in the core product.

On the wireless side, I've said this before, I don't want to sound like a broken record, but part of our
strength is that we're really able to cover the waterfront on some of the verticals in our distribution
strategy. And in particular, we've been particularly strong in using our enterprise business and our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

business sales force in not only selling into business segments, but ensuring that affinity plans in those
areas can reach customers and their families at home for being part of that business that we sell to.

The strength of the FirstNet, which has opened up a vertical that we were under-indexed in, in share, and
we're seeing really attractive share growth. And again, there's an affinity characteristic that occurs within
that vertical. It's not only an affinity characteristic among coworkers, but we've managed to ensure that
if somebody chooses to come on for the purpose of their work as a first responder, that they have a lot of
incentives to maybe drag their family through that experience with attractive pricing and approach.

We continue to be strong in our traditional verticals, with our iOS-centric customer base, which tends to
scale what I would call the better part of the postpaid market. And we haven't lost any edge there. In fact,
we've been a little bit stronger.

And I would tell you, I think we still have room to run. I think we're probably under-indexed in a couple of
verticals, especially if we start looking at the Hispanic community, that we can do a little bit better in, in
how we position our brand and our product. And the team is focusing on those areas.

So my point of view right now is our momentum is continuing. We're doing better, as you can see from the
results. We still have a couple of cards to play to try and sustain that. We've been very consistent in the
market, with a repetitive offer quarter after quarter.

You're correct, we have seen our competitors continue to try to compete aggressively. They're mixing and
changing their offers pretty frequently. We seem to be very consistent and very stable, and that's a really
good place for us to be. And we're going to continue to play our game.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick from JPMorgan.

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

John, following up on wireless, you talked last year about investing in the base. How do you see the
upgrade and retention outlook for the next few quarters? You've upgraded a lot of the base. Do you think
there's just less need for new phones going forward?

And second, for Pascal. I believe with lower churn, you extended the life of wireless customers. Can you
give us an idea how much that may have helped wireless EBITDA year-over-year?

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Phil, it's hard to predict exactly where the ebbs and flows of the subscriber base goes. It's been
fairly consistent, and I expect it's going to remain pretty much on this pattern. The pattern that we would
expect, given it was a new device launches, it tapers off a little bit in the middle part of the year after you
get through the bubble immediately following a new device launch. And then as you get to the second part
of the year, if you get into the holiday season, it will kick back up.

But as I said, we have given you guidance that we think is consistent with the volumes that we're
experiencing right now. We're really comfortable with where we're at. As we told you, you're going to see
service profitability bounce back, and you're seeing EBITDA grow in the segment. We're very comfortable
we'll continue that trajectory.

So I'll take the customer growth, and we can get that dynamic moving the direction it's at. I feel really
good about it. I don't think I'm going to guide you to suggest that there's going to be any dramatic shift,
one way or the other, over what you're seeing right now on our direction.

Pascal Desroches
Senior EVP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

And Phil, a couple of points. First, just a follow-on to John. The thing to keep in mind is, look, we saw not
only customer momentum, we saw revenue gains as well as profitability gains in Mobility. So the strategy
is working, and we feel really good about it.

As it relates to your question on customer lives, here's the context. Overall, this is something we do on a
regular basis. We change lives of assets based on the most recent information we have. The net effect of
changing lives this quarter was slightly negative to earnings.

For wireless, it was positive. For Consumer Wireline, it was positive. But for DIRECTV asset, it was
negative. So on balance, it was negative. And it was not significant by any stretch, and we've disclosed
that in our 8-K.

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

I think you'd expect to see a little bit of extension of wireless lives, with churn taking the direction it's
taking. 7 handles on postpaid churn is rarefied air.

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes, agreed. Pascal, if I can follow up on a question earlier. I'm just getting a lot of incoming that -- where
people are of 2 minds. Can you spoon feed us on the free cash flow versus increased vendor payments
versus CapEx?

I think there's a lot of misunderstanding about what are you spending, and that's this year. What are you
paying back for in previous years? And you mentioned also something about higher confidence, so higher
spending as well. Can you just go deeper on that?

Pascal Desroches
Senior EVP & CFO

And Phil, as you know, we have a metric out there, non-GAAP metric that's called gross capital
investment. That is the sum of cash that we pay for CapEx, plus amounts we pay to vendors for financing
related to CapEx that don't flow through free cash flow.

I will tell you that much of the time, those vendor financing payments don't necessarily relate to in-year
purchases of CapEx but relate to prior year. But it's a measure that we've historically provided as just
another data point for people to consider.

Overall, your takeaway should be from our free cash flow -- from the guidance we have out there. One, we
intend to continue to fully invest in our businesses. Two, we expect to generate free cash flow at the levels
that we've guided to. And we feel really good about the trajectory in being able to accomplish that based
on where we are today.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman from Goldman Sachs.

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I was hoping we could spend some time on the AVOD product that will be launching this summer. Can you
elaborate a bit on who you see as the addressable market for that offer? In other words, who do you think
you can reach with the AVOD service that you aren't currently reaching with Max?

And then how do you intend to reach those consumers? Do you think you'll be as efficient leveraging your
existing channels as you have with HBO Max? Or do you think you're going to need to broaden out and
work with new partners as you bring that service to market?

John T. Stankey

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

CEO, President & Director

Brett, let me -- I'll give you a little bit of color. And as you know, we, for market reasons, haven't entirely
disclosed everything like pricing, et cetera. And we'll, of course, do that right before the launch so that we
get the maximum benefit of coming into the market.

Look, I think that there is a segment of the base, and this is particularly true when there are multiple
streaming services out there and people are making decisions to reorder their investment in in-home
entertainment, that are going to be more price-sensitive. And while we believe HBO Max, without
commercial interruption, as a premium product and warrants what we charge in the market today, we
know that, that premium, in some cases, is high enough that there are people, when they start to say,
"Well, I've got 3 services, and I aggregate everything out, that maybe I won't make a choice to be in it."

And that's particularly true if you look at maybe some younger demographics. And as a result of that, we
believe getting the price point down where, for them to get some well-executed advertising, they would
look at the product and service and stay within the portfolio, streaming services that they may wish to
have in their household or in their apartment, that they think that this is a good place to be.

Another example will be in certain socioeconomic dynamics. So you can expect, for example, we believe
the AVOD product actually pairs well with some of our prepaid offers and how we might position it
because it tends to line up on a more price-sensitive socioeconomic dynamic. And we think that opens
up marketing channel and awareness channel and ultimately an opportunity to drive penetration in other
places where, again, customers are a bit more price-sensitive.

So really, at the end of the day, a customer gets to make a choice. And there's no question if you give
a lower price point, you're going to push it down lower in the demos that will ultimately subscribe to it.
And I think that's more important as people are making portfolio decisions of multiple services in their
household.

And when you see the reality of an ebb and flow on a Direct-to-Consumer offering, where maybe you hit
that period of time where you're not as enamored with the offering that we have on the new content that's
in place, having that option to be at a lower price point allows somebody to stick with the service. And we
just think it's a really smart place to be for that segment of the market.

In terms of the channels, what we've been -- and I think it's really an important point that you bring up,
and I want to stress this. We've been really, really careful about our channel partners. At the end of the
day, a Direct-to-Consumer business should be a Direct-to-Consumer business. It should be a business that
we have the opportunity to have a direct relationship with the customer, market and sell to them and work
with them in the way that we feel is appropriate.

And so where, in some cases, we were criticized for taking a long time to getting certain agreements
worked out, you should understand that we were doing that under the principle of we refused to back off
on the notion. That we wanted to make sure that our distribution and the way we offer the product was
something that we ultimately had the ability to talk to our customers, and to bill our customers and make
sure that we can manage the life cycle of our customers over time, and do these migrations easily and not
allow somebody else between us and the user interface of the customer. And not all launches of streaming
products have done that and done it in that same fashion.

And so we've been a little bit more dependent on our owned and operated channels. We've been, I
believe, respectful and balanced with our existing distribution partners, where we've certainly consented
to their rights to be able to bundle and sell the product, where we can make sure that we manage the
customer experience and the user interface as the customer is inside the product, and that we can
appropriately inform them and guide them to the right kind of content and have the kind of relationship
with them that we should have as a direct owner of that product or service.

And so you're going to see us use, for example, our own prepaid channels. But you're not going to see us
dramatically change our distribution strategy, where, just to get volume, we're turning over control and
exercise rights of how the product or service is being used.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

We're in discussions with our existing distributors. We intend to make it available to them under very
similar constructs to what we did in economic incentives with the subscription product, if they choose to
do that. And if they choose to carry it forward and it's done in the way that we think is the right balance
for our ability to manage that customer, we'll extend it to them. If not, we'll be moving it largely through
our owned and operated channels, if that's what's required.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Frank Louthan from Raymond James.

Frank Garrett Louthan
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

What is your sense of the fiber investment that could come out of the infrastructure bill in Congress? And
how much that might be available to you?

And can you comment on the FCC's EBBP plan that they're, I think, going into effect later this month.
And how you might be able to take advantage of that for your customers, both on the wireline and on the
wireless side?

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Frank. The infrastructure bill -- euphemistically speaking, the infrastructure bill's a little bit of a
large, amorphous thing right now. And I think we're in very much the early innings of shaping what it's
going to be. I don't pretend that I've got any great insight, that I can predict how the political process will
play it out, but I'll give you my opinion on it.

My opinion is that it will go through some changes. I think, in aggregate, the size of it will probably be
different than what it was proposed to be. My sense is that there's enough support on both sides of the
aisle that both would like to see broadband spending. If it's a bipartisan approach, I think it would still
survive a bipartisan approach. If it ends up not being a bipartisan bill, I think it will still survive not being a
bipartisan bill.

If you think about how it's executed, I think the White House made a couple of broad statements in the
announcement of the policy that were starters. I think you've heard the President say himself that he's
open for discussion on things. And I know there's a lot of dialogue going on. My sense with that dialogue is
that there are members of Congress on both sides of the aisle that maybe have somewhat different views
as to how the policy should be executed than what was, at a very high level, laid out in the bill with some
suggestion. I don't think it was all that specific.

And I think we're actively involved in that discussion right now, talking about our learnings and our
understandings of what we think good policy would be. If, in fact, the government chooses to put some
subsidy in place around that and some incentives in place, we think it should probably get to a different
place than the rough framework that the White House put in place. And we think that there is support on
both sides of the aisle and other policy aisles of this administration to try to drive it that way.

I believe some of the things were frankly not characterized properly. I think when you get underneath the
facts of how broadband infrastructure is deployed in the United States today, what occurs when there's
2 players in the market that are offering both capable and robust networks, what the price performance
characteristics of the product are, I think vast parts the U.S. broadband market are actually performing
incredibly well.

I think we have an issue that needs to be dealt with on certain degrees of low-income subsidy.
Interestingly, voluntarily, several of us in the market, including AT&T, has a voluntary low-income offer
that's out there, that it's hard to imagine that a $10 offer, in my view, would be a monopolistic pricing
offer. It seems to me that that's a pretty gracious and attractive offer. And if there were the right subsidies
put on it, that, that could be a pretty effective tool of putting more fixed broadband into people's homes.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

I do believe we have some rural areas that the bill needs to deal with, that if the policy is done right on
a technology-agnostic way, that we can participate in and grow in. And that clearly is going to take some
additional discussion and policy formation to get it into that place. We're in the early innings of it. We're
active in it. I think it's going to be something, at the end of the day, like any political process, that there'll
be a middle ground that will come up with some opportunity, but probably not everything we'd like.

But we'll be active and aggressive in the places that we can go. The good news is, in the guidance that
we've given you, in the core of our business, we have a lot of opportunity for growth in broadband. This
would be icing on the cake if we were able to make some headway there. I think we can move forward
without this policy to deliver to you what we said we were going to deliver.

We've been working with the SEC on the -- how the subsidy gets placed out. We've been talking with
them about the approach to it. My sense is that they've got their arms around it. They understand
how to administer these programs. They are going to do it in a way that I think it will help some of our
customers.

Again, we've got great offers out in the market for low-income customers. In some cases, there's income
stress that maybe don't qualify as low income. The SEC plan will help the income-stressed, but it will
particularly help low income. And that, coupled with the offers we have in the market, I think, should be
generally helpful moving forward.

I think we're probably at a peak right now at need. As people return to schools in person, I think there's
going to be a little bit of pressure taken off this dynamic moving forward. But again, we weren't banking
on a lot of government subsidy in the guide we've given you on our direction. So if it breaks the right way,
it will be a good thing for us.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar from Barclays.

Kannan Venkateshwar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So John, on the broadband side, just wanted to see if, given the success you've had on the wireless side
with device promotions, and now that seems like it's flowing through to margins as well, is there any
thought about maybe a different go-to-market strategy with broadband as well which accelerates the pace
of growth there in the coming years with respect to penetration? Because that's been a big focus for you
guys for a long time. Just wondering if the approach has some room to change.

And secondly, on the wireless side. When you think about the margins this quarter, I mean, they were
obviously pretty good in the context of some of the promotions you guys have run. And I think you
pointed to the promotional costs on a normalized basis per subscriber actually being pretty attractive.
Could you just talk about that a little bit more and how that might play out over the course of the year?

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Kannan, we're -- first of all, if you have any ideas you want to send me, feel free to just drop me an
e-mail. I'm always looking for good thoughts on what might be effective in the market. But I will tell you,
yes, we've had really good success at pairing our wireless services with our broadband customers.

And I will tell you, it's one of the areas of, frankly, over the last couple of months. Really pleased with
the team's execution, and how we've been working that data set and that customer base, to put the
right attractive offers in place. And one of those things where, because we have a relationship with the
customer, we can maybe do some things a little bit differently in the market and how we position what
those incentives are, for them to put 2 products together than what you might do in a mass market
channel nationally. And we feel that, that's a pretty attractive place for us to go.

And I mentioned we're having really good success bundling our entertainment Direct-to-Consumer product
with broadband. And we're seeing really high marks from customers in doing that. That feels really

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

good. That feels, to me, like a new version of pay-TV with broadband. It feels like a forward-leaning
entertainment product and service, coupled with broadband, where we know that when we bundle, we
drive churn down.

Our success has been really strong on that. We've leaned in on that. We're seeing customers receive
it really well. But it is really, really good on customer profitability and asset lives when they make that
wireless coupling decision.

I'm not going to kind of say it too much, but we believe there are some further customer relations on
service integration we can do between wireless and broadband that makes some things even more
attractive moving forward for that customer base. Our product road map, as we move into 2022, starts to
introduce some of those, and it goes right at the heart of what you're suggesting. And I absolutely believe
that will be a winning play.

But I don't want to oversell it because, right now, our broadband footprint, as you know, doesn't cover the
entire United States. And we do need to be successful in marketing and selling in the entire United States
in our wireless business to be successful.

Why are we doing better on promotional unit costs and dynamics? Consistency of execution is one, as
we've not had to change our approach to the market and change our messaging to customers, and go to
what I would call the expensive approach to on again, off again, on again, off again. Those things cause
you to do things like try to retrain salespeople. You have to put incentives and SPIFFs in place to get their
attention to move through.

I will tell you, we are operating through our distribution channels in an incredibly consistent fashion, in a
way that, if I look at the numbers, and I take great pride to what the team's executed and what they're
doing, and it looks like sound management, it looks like we're doing the right things and doing them
better.

And when we get the customer in with the right consistent offer, our trusted sales advisers are doing what
you would expect trusted sales advisers to do. They're guiding the customer to the right product and
service that meets their needs. And sometimes, that product and service and that solution isn't exactly the
thing that the customer was motivated to come and explore.

And oftentimes, that's a -- it's a good outcome for our business when that occurs. And that might be a
buy up on an unlimited plan to higher rates that allow us to drive ARPU up. It might be bundling another
product and service with them. And we're getting the goodness that comes along with that consistent
message.

It causes customers to explore with us instead of maybe their first inclination, which might have been to
go and explore with the competitor and move their service. And that's why the churn levels are so much
lower. So we're getting really good lift from our promotional spend. We're getting really good performance
when you look at how we're managing the device recovery life cycle. It's all good, and it's all helping.

And when you're not driving the volume that we had driven in the past, when we're down at those
low gross add levels, guess what, your unit costs are higher per gross add. When you're operating at
the levels that we're operating at right now, you get some scale benefits to it. So it just -- it all comes
together in a way that's really goodness, and that's what you're seeing work through the numbers.

Operator

Okay. That question comes from the line of Colby Synesael from Cowen & Company.

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Great. I guess, 2 questions. One, I was hoping you could just talk about what you're seeing from a
competitive perspective in broadband. You've obviously had success now for a few quarters, stepping
up your fiber net adds. Just curious if you're seeing any response to that and how that might expect the
momentum you're anticipating in the remainder of the year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

And then, secondly, Pascal, as it relates to the guidance, after such a strong quarter, the revenue growth
guidance of plus 1% seems pretty conservative as does the EPS expectation that it's flat. I think, in a
previous question, your response is that it's less about anticipating any type of downturn, if you will, in
terms of the financial results, but more a function of you guys not wanting to be in the habit of having to
change your guidance so frequently. I just want to make sure that I'm understanding that correctly.

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

So Colby, I don't think I've seen what I would call any dramatic shift or adjustment into the broadband
market and the competitive dynamics around it. We were not pleased with our performance in places
where we don't have fiber, which is why I need additional footprint and why we're headed in that direction.
But we're incredibly pleased with our ability to compete where we do have it, and it's been pretty
consistent in terms of the competitive dynamics around that.

In fact, I think we're doing some things right now that are improving our performance overall because
of our focus in the market and how we're thinking about the integrated customer experience. And really,
what we're now starting to do, it took us maybe a little too long to get there, but we're thinking beyond
the side of the house is the way I would think about it.

We've always built really good networks. And we do a really good job of ensuring that they're consistent,
reliable and work well. But the inside of the house is a bit of a dirty place right now from a data
perspective, and it's getting dirtier by the day as customers do more and more, add more devices.

And we're now starting to work really hard on how our product and service can help the customer inside
the house. That was the result of making our product look more consistent, more reliable and perform
better. And I think we're in the early innings of that, frankly.

And so one of the competitive dynamics that we really want to push on is ensuring that, where we used
to kind of, I would say, wipe our hands as the problem that occurred on the other side of the network
interface, in many instances, trying to lean on and embracing that in a way that's helpful to the customer,
it makes our product and service work better. And we think that, that's a great way to compete moving
forward. And it has a real interesting opportunity to start differentiating the product and service offer
moving forward. And I'm pretty optimistic about that, coupled with our fiber infrastructure, as we move
into '22. Pascal?

Pascal Desroches
Senior EVP & CFO

And Colby, on your guidance point, your commentary was spot on. It is early in the year. We're really
happy with our performance. We don't want to get into the habit of changing our guidance each and every
quarter.

And John said this earlier, but just to underscore the point that he said. What we want to try to do is to
focus on running the business and investing appropriately, and we believe that has to be our priority. And
we're comfortable we can do that and, at the same time, deliver on our financial commitments. And -- but
we won't be in the habit of changing guidance every quarter.

Amir Rozwadowski
Senior VP of Finance & Investor Relations

Thank you very much for the questions. John, turn it over to you for any wrap comments.

John T. Stankey
CEO, President & Director

Well, first, thank you all for being with us today. And Pascal, it's good to have you here. And -- but sadly,
you no longer continue to have a first coming up. So look forward to many more of these with you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

But what I would tell you is, second quarter of last year, we told you about where we wanted to focus
this business, and that we wanted to make sure that we were gaining momentum and success in
satisfying broadband customers in our wireless business, and what we could do in growing fiber and fixed
connections and how we grew a forward-leaning entertainment-based product. And I think, this quarter,
you're seeing that the team has done a remarkable job of getting their focus together over the course of
the last year in carrying success forward.

And I would submit to you, you can plow through the numbers and see that it's being done in the
right way across the board. So these are growing products. They're growing in the right way, with the
opportunity for high-value subscribers that are highly satisfied, sticky, with long in-service lives. And I feel
really good about that in terms of building the franchise.

And then, finally, if you look underneath those numbers, we have a lot of confidence in what we've seen
coming out of the first part of this year. We told you our guide was a conservative guide. We don't know
exactly where things are going with the clawback from COVID. I'm hopeful and optimistic that we see
citizens continue to get vaccinated, and we continue this march out.

And if those tailwinds continue, I think we're going to have a really strong year in front of us. But there's
still a degree of uncertainty that we're all trying to adjust to, and I'm sure you understand that. But
irrespective of that, the fundamentals underneath the business are really strong right now. You see that in
the quarter. We're going to continue to ride that.

And I look forward to talking to you 90 days from now. Thanks for your attention. We'll see you soon.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and
for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AT&T INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

