Atmos Energy Corporation NYSE:ATO
FQ4 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 11, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2021-

-FQ1 2022-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.38

0.37

(2.63 %)

1.87

5.11

5.12

0.20

5.42

558.03

568.38

1.85

1054.64

3392.74

3407.49

0.43

3669.59

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-11-2021 8:35 AM GMT

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.53

2.05

0.74

0.38

1.71

2.30

0.78

0.37

11.76 %

12.20 %

5.41 %

(2.63 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher T. Forsythe
Senior VP & CFO

Daniel M. Meziere
VP of Investor Relations &
Treasurer

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

ANALYSTS

Insoo Kim
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Kody Clark
BofA Securities, Research Division

Richard Wallace Sunderland
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Ryan Michael Levine
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the Atmos Energy Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your
host, Dan Meziere, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Thank you, sir. Please go ahead.

Daniel M. Meziere
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

Thank you, Donna. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Kevin Akers,
President and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Forsythe, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

Our earnings release and conference call slide presentation, which we will reference in our prepared
remarks, are available at atmosenergy.com under the Investor Relations tab. Today's presentation also
includes references to non-GAAP financial measures. You should refer to the information contained in the
slides accompanying today's presentation for definitional information and reconciliations of non-GAAP
measures to the closest GAAP financial measure.

As we review these financial results and discuss future expectations, please keep in mind that some of
our discussions might contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act and
the Securities Exchange Act. Our forward-looking statements and projections could differ materially from
actual results. The factors that could cause such material differences are outlined on Slide 37 and more
fully described in our SEC filings. I will now turn the call over to Kevin.

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your interest in Atmos Energy, and I'm glad
you could join us this morning. On this Veteran's Day, I would like to take just a moment to say thank you
to those who have served in Armed Forces. Nearly 300 of our Atmos Energy teammates are part of the
more than 20 million Americans, who bravely serve our country, so that we may live freely. Thank you for
your service.

Yesterday, we reported earnings per share of $5.12, which represents the 19th consecutive year of
earnings per share growth. Chris will provide some additional color around our financial results later in
this call. I will begin today's call with a review of our fiscal '21 accomplishments, provide an update on key
pipeline projects, and we'll close with some thoughts about fiscal '22. Our success in fiscal '21 once again
reflects the commitment and ongoing effort of all 4,700 employees at Atmos Energy. I have said it before,
and I will say it again, they are the heart and soul of Atmos Energy and provide the foundation for the
sustained long-term success of our company. I'm extremely proud of their commitment to keep our 3.2
million customers our 1,400 communities, themselves and their families healthy and safe.

As you've heard us say, fiscal '21 was our tenth year executing our proven investment strategy of
operating safely and reliably while we modernize our natural gas distribution, transmission and storage
systems. And over that 10-year period, we invested nearly $13 billion in modernizing and expanding
our natural gas systems, replacing approximately 5,500 miles of distribution pipeline, 394,000 steel
service lines, and 1,100 miles of transmission pipeline. And over that same 10-year period, we added
nearly 350,000 customers. As I said during our second quarter earnings call, those investments provided
our natural gas systems to reliability and resiliency necessary to meet the gas demand of our human
needs customers during Winter Storm Uri. Our fiscal '21 capital investment of $2 billion supported the
modernization of our distribution and transmission systems through the replacement of over 930 miles
of distribution pipe, the replacement of more than 38,000 steel service lines, and over 175 miles of
transmission pipeline. All to further and enhance system safety and reliability.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

Additionally, we installed approximately 230,000 wireless meter-reading devices and now have nearly 1.9
million wireless devices on our system. The above-mentioned capital investments also helped us make
progress towards reducing methane emissions 50% by 2035 for EPA reported distribution maintenance
services. Through the end of fiscal '21, we have achieved an approximate 20% reduction. I want to take
this opportunity to highlight and thank our procurement team for their focus and dedication as well as
their continued outstanding efforts to ensure the necessary materials and resources are available for
our distribution, transmission and storage projects. Just as they did throughout the past decade, their
strategic planning efforts have us well positioned for continued execution upon our strategy in fiscal '22.

For example, throughout the pandemic, we have increased our inventory levels and coordinated with
vendors as well as pipe mills to have our steel pipe requirements ready and available at job site for the
upcoming fiscal year's projects.

Now I want to provide you an update on a few of our larger Atmos Pipeline Texas project and highlight
their value in safety, reliability, versatility and supply diversification that those projects bring to APT and
its customers. We are nearly 60% complete with the development of APT's third salt dome storage Cavern
project at Bethel. This project will be placed in service in late '22 and will provide an additional 5 to 6
Bcf of Cavern storage capacity. We are also nearing completion of 63 miles of 36-inch pipeline as part of
our Line-X Phase 1 integrity replacement project. And we've already begun Phase 2, which includes an
additional 63 miles of 36-inch pipeline, which we anticipate being completed sometime in late '22.

As a reminder, Line X runs from Waha to Dallas and is key to providing reliable service to the local
distribution companies behind APT system as well as transportation customers that move gas from Waha
to Katy. Also nearing completion is the first phase of 3 phases of our Line S-2 project. Line S-2 brings
supply from the Haynesville and Cotton Valley shale plays to the east side of the growing DFW Metroplex.
Our Phase 1 project replaces 21 miles of 14-inch pipeline with 36-inch pipeline. We anticipate this phase to
be in service by this calendar year-end. In Phase 2 of Line S-2, which is approximately 17 miles of 36-inch
pipeline, is now underway with completion expected in late '22, and the final phase of this 36-inch 90-mile
total project is expected to be completed in late '23. Again, this project will provide additional supply from
the shale plays east of the growing Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex.

To support the forecasted growth and increased supply diversity to the north of Austin in Williamson
County, Texas, we have begun work on a 22-mile 36-inch line that will connect the southern end of APT
system with a 42-inch Permian highway line that runs from Waha to Katy. This line is currently expected to
be in service by December of '22. As you have heard in my previous updates, our customer service agents
and service technicians continue providing exceptional customer service during these challenging times.
During fiscal year '21, our agents and technicians received a 98% satisfaction rating from customers.
Thank you team for taking exceptional care of our customers every day.

Our strategic focus on digital bill delivery and payment options is yielding benefits as over 48% of our
customers are receiving electronic bills, while the utility industry average is around 28%. And 79% of the
total payments we received as of September 30 were electronic methods of payments such as bank drafts,
credit cards and online banking.

During fiscal '21, we provided approximately 217,000 hours of training, and we onboarded nearly 400
new employees through our Atmos Essentials classes. All of this activity was completed virtually. I'm
very proud of our technical training and operations teams. In fiscal '21, we integrated our various safety
and business process improvement initiatives into a comprehensive environmental strategy focused
on reducing our Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions and environmental impact from our operations in the
following 5 key areas: operations, fleet, facilities, gas supply, and customers. Our efforts in fiscal '21
to reduce emissions and our environmental impact included such things that our ongoing distribution,
transmission and underground storage system modernization programs mentioned earlier. It also included
the installation of gas cloud imaging capabilities at APT's Tri-City storage field, and we will complete the
remaining installation of that equipment at APT fields in fiscal '22.

We will also deploy additional wellhead fixed-based or gas cloud imaging detection technologies at our
distribution storage fields in fiscal '22. We developed a plan to replace our pneumatic devices with no
bleed or low bleed devices. We expanded advanced leak detection technologies and developed a strategy

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

to capture methane emissions from pipeline maintenance activities. We've continued our R&D strategy of
identifying customers, who wish to use our system to transport the RNG they produce. We increased the
amount of RNG transported across our system to approximately 8 Bcf a year. And we are evaluating nearly
30 opportunities at this time that could further expand these transportation opportunities.

In fiscal '22, we will begin transitioning our light-duty vehicle fleet to gasoline hybrid vehicles into CNG
for our heavy-duty vehicles. In September, we completed our first 0 net energy home in partnership
with the Greeley-Weld Habitat for Humanity in Evans, Colorado. This home uses high-efficiency natural
gas appliances, rooftop solar panels, and installations produce more energy than it consumes at a very
affordable cost of approximately $50 a month for a combined gas and electric bill. We are currently
developing 2 more of these type homes in Texas. Projects like these demonstrate the value of using all
energy sources to reduce carbon emissions.

In this summer, we joined the low carbon resources initiative. As a reminder, this joint research and
development effort between the Gas Technology Institute and the Electric Power Research Institute is
working to accelerate commercial deployment of low and 0 carbon technologies. Finally, we are nearing
the completion of a fuel cell at one of our data facilities to generate low carbon electricity. This fuel cell
will be powered with natural gas and is anticipated to substantially reduce the carbon footprint from that
facility.

To wrap up fiscal '21, our 4,700 employees through our feeling safe and thriving communities initiatives
made a difference in the lives of others this year, all by supporting schools and students with books,
meals and snacks. We honored our community heroes and healthcare workers by providing them with
meals as they were working. We planted trees, worked in community gardens. We hosted utility fairs,
energy assistance just to share the warmth for over 9,000 customers as we donated $3 million of financial
support. And for nearly 300 local food banks and shelters, the financial and volunteer resources of our
team provided, translated into nearly 8 million meals for our neighbors in need across 1,400 communities.

I'm very proud of our team, because of their investment of time, talent and resources, we are making a
difference in our community. A successful fiscal '21 has us well positioned as we move into the second
decade of our strategy.

I will now turn the call over to Chris, who will provide some additional color around our fiscal '21 financial
results and discuss our fiscal '22 guidance as well as our updated 5-year plan through fiscal '26. I will then
return with some closing remarks. Chris, over to you.

Christopher T. Forsythe
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everybody. Our fiscal '21 diluted earnings per share of $5.12
represented an 8.5% increase over adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.72 reported in the prior
year. As a reminder, our fiscal 2020 GAAP results included a onetime noncash income tax benefit of $21
million or $0.17 per diluted share related to the enactment of new tax legislation in Kansas. As we entered
fiscal '21, we conservatively planned for lower nonresidential revenues while planning to execute our
normal O&M program. While nonresidential sales volumes declined 10% period-over-period during the
first quarter and early into the second quarter, we carefully managed our O&M spending, focusing on
compliance-related activities. Nonresidential sales volumes rebounded sooner than we anticipated, which
created the opportunity to expand our O&M spending in the second half of the fiscal year.

Additionally, the timing difference between the impact of refunding excess deferred taxes on our revenues
and deferred income tax expense contributed about $0.01 to fiscal '21 results. As a result, actual earnings
per share slightly exceeded the higher end of our guidance range. Taking a closer look, consolidated
operating income rose approximately 10% to $905 million. Slides 5 and 6 provide details of the year-
over-year changes to operating income for each of our segments. I will touch on a few of the fiscal year
highlights.

Rate increases in both of our operating segments driven by increased safety and reliability capital
spending totaled $207 million. We continue to benefit from strong customer growth in most of our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

jurisdictions, resulting in a $19 million increase in distribution operating income. During fiscal '21, we
added 51,000 new customers, which represents a 1.6% increase over the last 12 months. Sales volumes
for our commercial customers recovered in fiscal '21, rising almost 6% over last year. Service order
revenue in our Distribution segment declined about $8.5 million, primarily due to the waiver of our
customer service fees for disconnections and reconnections. Additionally, our bad debt expense increased
about $18 million year-over-year. Full collection activities resumed in the third quarter, and we continue to
offer flexible payment arrangements, help customers find financial assistance and remain in close contact
with our regulators. We continue to believe this bad debt will be recovered over time.

Consolidated O&M expense, excluding bad debt, increased $31 million with a focus on system safety,
including enhanced leak surveys, pipeline integrity work and continued record establishment and
retention. Additionally, line locate requests increased over 9% as a result of increased economic activity
and the effects of our third-party damage awareness efforts. Capital and spending increased to $2
billion, with 88% of our spending directed towards investments to modernize the safety, reliability and
environmental performance of our system. In fiscal '21, over 90% of our capital spending began to earn
a return within 6 months of the test period end. We accomplished this by implementing $226 million of
annualized operating income increases, excluding the amortization of excess deferred tax liabilities.

Since the end of fiscal year, we have reached agreement with regulators to implement an additional $69
million in annualized operating income during our first quarter -- our fiscal 2022, first quarter. As of today,
we have 4 filings pending seeking about $22 million. Slides 27 to 36 summarize our regulatory activities.
During fiscal '21, we completed over $1.2 billion of long-term debt equity financing to support our ongoing
operations. We fully satisfied our fiscal '21 equity needs through our ATM equity sales program. Under
that program, we issued approximately 6 million shares under forward agreements for $578 million, and
we settled approximately 6 million shares for net proceeds of $607 million. As of September 30, we had
approximately $300 million remaining under existing equity forward arrangements that will satisfy a
significant portion of our fiscal '22 equity needs. This equity financing complemented the $600 million of
long-term debt financing we issued last fall.

Additionally, we improved our fiscal -- financial flexibility during fiscal '21. During the second quarter,
we renewed, extended and increased liquidity under our credit facilities. Our primary 5-year $1.5 billion
facility was extended to March of 2026 and retains the $250 million accordion feature. And we replaced
our expiring 364-day, $600 million credit facility with a new $900 million 3-year credit facility with a
$100 million accordion feature. We now have $2.5 billion available under 4 credit facilities. The financial
flexibility these facilities provide, improves our ability to respond to unforeseen events such as winter
storm Uri.

Additionally, we issued a new $5 billion shelf registration statement and a new $1 billion ATM program to
support our financing plans for fiscal '22 and beyond. Additionally, during the fourth quarter, we mitigated
future interest rate risk by executing $875 million of forward starting interest rate swaps. Currently, we
have $1.85 billion in swaps to support our future long-term debt financing needs.

Finally, our treasury team did an outstanding job and outstanding for $2.2 billion in cost-effective
interim financing to pay for the gas costs incurred during Winter storm Uri, all of which preserved our
ability to continue supporting our operational needs. As a result of these financing activities, our equity
capitalization, excluding the $2.2 billion of winter storm financing, was 60.6% as of September 30.
Additionally, we finished the fiscal year with approximately $2.9 billion of total liquidity. The strength
of our balance sheet and liquidity leaves us well positioned as we move into fiscal '22. Details of our
financing activities and financial profile can be found on Slides 9 through 12.

We've also prepared a winter operations in this fiscal year. You heard Kevin discuss that our procurement
team has mitigated supply chain and inflation risk in our operations. Our gas supply team has also
done an excellent job preparing our gas supply strategy for the upcoming winter heating season. Our
proprietary contracted storage is over 95% full at a weighted average cost of gas of approximately $3.
Additionally, we have fiscally and financially hedged about 1/3 of our expected purchase requirements
at approximately $4. Through the use of storage and hedge purchases, we have stabilized prices for
approximately half of our normal winter usage in the mid-$3 range. The remainder of anticipated gas

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

supply needs, we satisfy through a combination of base loan purchases at first month prices, peaking
contracts and spot purchases when needed. Today, we have transportation capacity on 37 pipelines across
our 8-state footprint, which provides our gas supply team access to a wide variety of producing basins to
ensure supply reliability and competitive natural gas prices for our customers.

As a reminder, all the gas costs we incur are recovered through purchased gas cost mechanisms generally
over 12 months, and the process generally involves a weighted average approach, which helps us move
the impact on customer bills. Finally, we've been actively communicating with our customers by how they
can mitigate the potential impact of higher gas prices from energy conservation as well as the various
ways we can help them with their bills through installment plans, budget billing, and locating energy
assistance agencies.

Looking forward, fiscal '22 will begin the second decade of pursuing our safety-focused organic growth
strategy. Yesterday, we initiated our fiscal '22 earnings per share guidance in the range of $5.40 to $5.60.
Consistent with prior years, we expect about 2/3 of our earnings will come from our distribution segment.
Details surrounding our fiscal '22 guidance can be found on Slides 20 and 21. Also yesterday, Atmos
Energy's Board of Directors approved a 152nd consecutive quarterly cash dividend. The indicated annual
dividend for fiscal '22 is $2.72, an 8.8% increase over fiscal '21. Finally, fiscal '22 capital spending is
expected to rise by 25% and is expected to be in the range of $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion. Most of this
increase will be incurred at APT, which represent approximately 1/3 of our capital spending in fiscal '22,
as a result of the project work that Kevin described a few minutes ago. Over 90% of our fiscal '22 capital
spending is expected to begin earning a return within 6 months of the test period end.

Slide 19 summarizes the key themes under our -- underlying our fiscal '22 5-year plan. Over the next 5
years, we anticipate earnings per share will grow 6% to 8% per year. By fiscal '26, we anticipate earnings
per share to be in the range of $7 to $7.40. We also anticipate dividends per share to increase annually
in line with earnings per share. Continued spending for system replacement and modernization and
environmental improvements and system expansion will be the primary driver for the anticipated increase
in capital spending, net income and earnings per share through fiscal '26. Over the next 5 years, we
anticipate total spending of approximately $13 billion to $14 billion. This level of spend is expected to
support rate base growth of about 11% to 13% per year. This translates into an estimated rate base of
$21 billion to $23 billion in fiscal '26, up from about $12 billion at the end of fiscal '21.

From an O&M perspective, we continue to focus on compliance-based activities that address system
safety. For fiscal '22, we anticipate O&M to range from $690 million to $710 million, and we have assumed
O&M inflation of 3% to 3.5% annually through fiscal '26. In addition to the spending plans I outlined, we
have assumed approximately $600 million in excess deferred tax refunds over the next 5 years will flow
back to customers. As a result, we expect our effective tax rate in fiscal '22 to be between 9% and 11%.
This rate assumes no tax changes that are currently being considered at the federal level.

From a financing perspective, we will continue to follow the financing strategy that we've been executing
the last few years to preserve the strength of our balance sheet. Excluding securitization, we anticipate
the need to raise between $7 billion and $8 billion of incremental long-term financing over the next 5
years. The strength of our balance sheet enables us to use a prudent mix of long-term debt and equity
financing to target a 50% to 60% equity capitalization ratio, inclusive of short-term debt. This financing
plan has been fully reflected in our earnings per share guidance through fiscal '26.

In October, we completed a $600 million 30-year senior note issuance with a coupon of 2.85%. After
factoring in the favorable settlement of forward starting interest rate swaps, the effective rate on this
issuance is 2.58%. And our debt profile remains very manageable with a weighted average maturity of 19
years, excluding the $2.2 billion of incremental winter storm financing.

Finally, as I previously mentioned, we have hedged a substantial portion of our anticipated long-term
debt needs to mitigate interest rate risk. From an equity perspective, utilizing our ATM program continues
to be our preferred method for raising equity. As I mentioned earlier, the equity forwards we executed
during fiscal '21 will satisfy a significant portion of our expected equity needs for fiscal '22, and we expect
to raise our remaining fiscal '22 equity needs through our ATM program. Regarding securitization, we
have made substantial progress in the last few months. Yesterday, the Railroad Commission of Texas

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

unanimously issued a final determination of a regulatory asset that will be securitized under the statewide
program. The final order stipulated that all of our gas and storage costs were prudently incurred and are
fully recoverable. The next step is for the Railroad Commission to issue a financing order. Following the
issuance of the financing order, the Texas Public Financing Authority has up to 180 days to complete the
securitization transaction.

Upon receipt of the securitization funds, we will repay the $2.2 billion of winter storm financing we issued
last March. In Kansas, we filed a securitization application in mid-September. We are currently responding
to various questions and a procedural schedule has been set with full proceedings expected to begin in
January.

Finally, annual filing mechanisms will be the primary means to which we recover our capital spending.
These mechanisms enable us to more efficiently deploy our capital spend and generate the returns
necessary to attract the capital we need to finance our investments. And these mechanisms produce a
smaller impact to customer bills while providing the regular rate adjustments that support our system
modernization efforts. We have assumed no material changes to these mechanisms through fiscal '26.
In fiscal '22, we anticipate completing filings from $215 million to $225 million in annualized regulatory
outcomes that will impact fiscal years '22 and '23. The execution of this plan to modernize our system
through disciplined capital spending, timely recovery of those investments through our various regulatory
mechanisms, and balanced long-term financing, all supports our ability to grow earnings per share and
dividends in the 6% to 8% range annually through fiscal 2026.

And as you can see on Slide 25, the execution of this plan will also keep customer bills affordable, which
should help us sustain this plan for the long term. Thank you for your time this morning. I will now turn
the call back to Kevin for his closing remarks. Kevin?

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Chris. Looking forward, I'm very excited about the direction and long-term sustainability of
our company. The foundation has been set with a proven safety driven strategy accompanied with organic
growth at yield, as Chris said, 6% to 8% fully regulated earnings per share, commensurate dividend per
share growth, supported by a strong financial profile. We operate in a diversified and growing jurisdictional
footprint that is supportive of the investment in natural gas infrastructure. 97% of our rate base is
situated in 6 of our 8 states that have passed legislation in support of energy choice. The constructive
regulatory mechanisms in our jurisdictions support the necessary capital investment to modernize our
natural gas distribution, transmission and storage systems.

We have a long runway of work to support the planned $13 billion to $14 billion in capital spending over
the next 5 years, as you can see on Slide 16 and 17. That spending will support the replacement of 5,000
to 6,000 miles of distribution and transmission pipe or about 6% to 8% of our total system. We also plan
to replace between 100,000 to 150,000 steel service lines, which is expected to reduce our inventory by
approximately 20%. This level of replacement work is expected to reduce methane emissions from our
system by 15% to 20% over that 5-year period. Additionally, you have heard us discuss the growth in our
jurisdiction. Eight of the 11 fastest-growing counties we serve are in the DFW Metroplex and to the north
of Austin.

Additionally, our Middle Tennessee service territory ranks among the fastest-growing areas in the U.S. as
well. We continue to see industrial customers in our footprint choose natural gas. In fiscal '21, we added
approximately 45 new industrial customers with an estimated annual load of between 10 to 12 Bcf per
year once they are fully online. And these customers are from various industries, manufacturing, food
processing, hospitals and distilleries.
Focusing on the long-term sustainability has always been a part of our strategy as reflected in the vital
role we play every day in our communities, delivering safe, reliable and efficient natural gas to homes,
businesses and industries to fuel our energy needs now and into the future. We appreciate your time this
morning, and we'll now open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America.

Kody Clark
BofA Securities, Research Division

It's actually Kody Clark on for Julien. So first, on the delta between the 11% to 13% rate base growth and
the 6% to 8% EPS growth. I know there's a good deal of equity contemplated in the plan. So definitely
cognizant of the dilution there, but low like regulatory lag given the recovery mechanisms that you have
across your jurisdiction. So I'm wondering if there are any other drivers of that delta that you would call
out?

Christopher T. Forsythe
Senior VP & CFO

At this time, it really is just the financing plan that we've assumed over the next 5 years. And as you
pointed out, it's the equity component. But again, that's factored into the 6% to 8% earnings per share
growth that we highlighted on the call this morning.

Kody Clark
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And then building off that question a little bit. I'm wondering how you'd characterize where
you see yourself in that 6% to 8% long-term EPS growth range. Is it more towards the midpoint or top
end. I am asking because the past couple of year-end updates, I've seen you perform well during the year,
rebase off that strong number and then reiterate that 6% to 8% growth after that. So are you being a
little bit conservative? Or how would you think about that?

Christopher T. Forsythe
Senior VP & CFO

When you look at the ranges that we put out this morning, the $540 million to $560 million for fiscal '22
and then the $700 million to $740 million in fiscal 2026. If you take the midpoint of both of those ranges
and kind of do the math, that implies about a 7% annual growth rate per year.

Kody Clark
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. And then last one, if I can just sneak it in there. We've seen the market multiple for gas utilities
decline relative to the electric peers throughout the year. And at the same time, have seen some healthy
transaction multiples for some of the gas utilities. So how are you thinking about potentially monetizing an
asset or assets to offset the ATM equity needs? I know you stated in the past that you'd like your business
mix, but wondering if that has changed at all.

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

I'll start on that, Kody, and then Chris can certainly jump in if he wants to. Again, as you said, we've been
very proud of our assets. We continue to be very proud of when you look at the results here. You talk
about the diversified growth that we just mentioned on our call here, the mechanisms, the regulatory
relationships that we have out there, our involvement in the communities. We're very proud of the
asset mix we have today. So we're not contemplating at this point anything but continuing the excellent
operation of those assets.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

Our next question is coming from Richard Sunderland of JPMorgan.

Richard Wallace Sunderland
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just wanted to start with this Permian Highway projects. Does it create incremental basin takeaway or just
better connectivity to the Permian Highway pipeline?

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

Well, that project you're talking about where we're connecting up with the Permian Highway project, that's
just meet the growing demand of that Austin corridor down there to fuel that diversification of a load as
well for us. So that's what we're looking to do. We're connecting to that Permian Highway project and
bringing that supply up from the south instead of moving gas around from the north or bringing it over
from Katy at this point. So for us, again, it's another supply optionality to meet the growing corridor that
we have down there and some supply diversification.

Richard Wallace Sunderland
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Understood. And then I realize the entire 5-year capital plan is up year-over-year, but is there anything
notable in the 2022 CapEx step up or just any color there?

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

Well, I think nothing that steps up. Again, we go through a very rigorous and robust planning process each
year that looks at the 1-, 3- and 5-year project levels that are out there. As you've heard us say before,
we take a long look at the projects that not only meet integrity management goals, compliance goes, but
we also look at it from that growth perspective. What has been the demand going to be out in the future
and how do we meet that demand. So I think that's all contemplated within this. That's why we spiked
out those projects. So I think this is just a further iteration of meeting the supply needs, the demand and
diversification that we continue to talk about.

Operator

Our next question is coming from in Insoo Kim of Goldman Sachs.

Insoo Kim
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

My first question is on just general gas hedging. I know the Bethel Salt Dome is coming on, and that's
going to help just the storage capacity, but whether it's in Texas or other regions, you're following what
the hedging rules are that the commissions of those states put on. Limited to that, but just whether it's a
result of Uri or some of the spikes we're seeing in the current winter season, any dialogue with any of the
commissions on potentially changing the hedging strategy?

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I'll start out and then see if Chris wants to add any color. We have dialogue every year with our
commissions. As you know, laying out what our anticipated gas supply plan is for that year, how we
performed the following year. We're open to that feedback. But right now, both our commissions, our gas
supply teams are very comfortable with the plans we've been able to put together. And you heard that
combined with our storage opportunity, our base load purchases, those sort of things, how well they have
us positioned going into this winter heating season. So we'll continue those dialogues, continue those
conversations. We'll continue to meet with our jurisdictions at the end of each winter season. and we're
collaborating with each of those jurisdictions as they see fit going forward.

Insoo Kim

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And my second question, the proposed methane fee that's in the reconciliation package, I think,
more on the upstream and midstream side of things. But just curious on your thoughts, whether it's direct
or indirect, any potential impact or ramifications you see for your utilities or just the gas LDC industry in
general?

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

There's still a lot of moving parts and pieces to that legislation. A lot of conversations still going on
at the federal level with that. And quite frankly, as they continue to do that, we'll monitor that. But I
think the thing as you've heard us say before, is that the United States, as we sit here today is among
the top 5 producers in natural gas, we're among the top 5 in proven reserves in the world today. And
for us to continue to have the economic growth, economic stability and security that we need from an
energy perspective and a national perspective, we're going to need to have a continued diversified energy
portfolio. And we believe natural gas certainly brings that to the table with the flexibility, reliability and
abundance it provides everybody. And we just outlined through today's update, how natural gas plays a
key role in that. So we'll continue to monitor that, but we would look for a diversified energy portfolio to
continue to meet the demands of the U.S.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So a lot of topics have been covered. I wanted to touch on 2 things. Maybe first, just back on the natural
gas pricing impact. That's Slide 25, I think it's quite constructive. To your point, it doesn't -- we don't see
big shocks. Are there dynamics, though, whether it's in one jurisdiction where the impact is greater or an
assumption that could change -- could cause that sort of fairly modest increase in '22, for example, to be
a little bit different or worse for any jurisdiction or just -- I guess, my bottom line question is just sort of
what kinds of shocks could cause that to be different? Or is it really hard to envision that?

Christopher T. Forsythe
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, this is Chris. I can -- go ahead, Kevin. Go ahead. Sorry.

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

Well, I don't foresee anything that could impact at this point. Those are averages, as you know, that we
put out there. We continue to look for diversification across our pipes, as you heard us mention earlier,
across 37 pipelines, multiple basins. So we try to blend in as much diversification and flexibilities we can
within our systems. We have these annual mechanisms that tend to level out increases over time. And I
think we're conservative on those gold bars there on '25. As you've heard us say before, we're looking way
out into the future on some of those prices. And as I look today, Waha at a cash basis is $3.98, Katy at
$4.40. And I believe the NYMEX is at $4.91 today. So I think, again, with the great work our gas supply
team does, where our assets are located on multiple pipes, availability of storage, that sort of thing. We're
in a really good position. Chris, anything you want to add?

Christopher T. Forsythe
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I'd say, too, as we thought about what could potentially move the needle in terms of pricing and it's
-- again, it's weather patterns. It's obviously the pricing dynamics that Kevin just described, also just
customer usage. And so all that's very, very difficult to predict in trying to estimate or come up with a
true impact. And again, with an 8-state footprint that covers a fairly significant geographical difference.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

And you could have weather patterns that impact the eastern portion of the U.S. that are completely
different from Texas and what we might experience in Colorado. So really, it's, I think, pretty challenging
for us to say, across the 8-state footprint, if there's a true key driver to watch out for. I think it's going to
be a combination of all of the items you just mentioned, pricing, the basins that we have access to, and
they're very highly liquid basins, so we were able to have a good keen eye on what that pricing situation,
customer usage as relative to weather patterns.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's really helpful. And then shifting over to financing. I'm going to step back a little bit on this question.
Atmos is in a really interesting situation. You have perhaps the fastest growth rate in terms of your rate
base among companies we cover. We love the growth outlook. What's interesting is that the amount of
equity needed compared to your market cap is high, and the value of the stock, the PE multiple of the
stock is dramatically lower than what we're seeing in sort of private asset sales, including not just sales of
100%, but sort of just selling a minority stake, we've seen dramatically higher valuations. So I guess the
math might suggest that sort of a sale of a minority stake at the kinds of multiples we've been seeing on
other situations would be dramatically less dilutive than this kind of volume of equity issuance that we're
looking at over the next 5 years, how do you all kind of think about the possibility of selling noncontrolling
minority stakes at potentially much higher valuations than just where your own stock is trading? How do
you all think about that?

Christopher T. Forsythe
Senior VP & CFO

Sure, Steve. I mean, that's a challenge for us because we don't have the holding company structure like
many of our peers do. So when you look at each of our divisions or each of our states, that's all under one
corporate umbrella. So we can't do a minority sale for a single jurisdiction, the way we're structured today.
It would have to be a partial asset sale or a certain geographic region that we would have to exit.

And as you heard Kevin talk earlier with Kody, we're very, very happy with the assets that we have, the
jurisdictional footprints. We do see the dislocation between what the private market is one that places
valuation on versus what we're seeing from a publicly traded perspective. And we think, again, from
a publicly traded perspective, the fact that 97% of our asset base is located in jurisdictions that are
supportive of natural gas, both from a policy perspective and a regulatory perspective.

The fact that we have very strong customer growth is currently being a little bit underappreciated. And
that's where we just need to continue to remind those investors that we are very well positioned in the
country to capture the growth that is experienced in our jurisdictions and have jurisdictions that have
strong support for natural gas.

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Chris, I would just add, we've got 19 years of consecutive EPS growth and 38 years of consecutive
dividend increases, all support our strong position as well as what Chris said about our regulatory
jurisdiction. So we're going to continue to operate and do the things we do within our strategy we've
outlined. We think it's solid. We think it fits our jurisdictions well. So I really believe we are in a good
position going forward, not only for our customers but our communities and all stakeholders.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Ryan Levine of Citi.

Ryan Michael Levine
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

What are the drivers of where you would fall in the 22% range for EPS? Can you talk about some of the
pluses or minuses that may determine the outcome.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

Christopher T. Forsythe
Senior VP & CFO

Key pluses and minuses, obviously will be the execution of the regulatory strategy, customer usage
patterns, weather, although we are weather normalized in 97% of our jurisdictions. So we can see a little
bit of a weather movement year-over-year and just timing of O&M spending as we continue our ongoing
system safety and compliance work. But those are the key drivers that we generally point to when we're
talking about where we could fall within the 6% to 8% range.

Ryan Michael Levine
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

On that O&M point, it looks like you're assuming 3.125% to 3.5% O&M cost inflation in your '22 outlook.
What underpins that and seeing some more robust inflation figures more recently. Can you kind of
elaborate on what's driving that assumption?

Christopher T. Forsythe
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. It's just the ongoing expansion of our compliance work. You've heard us talk before that we're in a
mode now of doing more compliance work every year rather than holding back and waiting for another
rate case to occur. So as we continue to look at the rulemaking that's happening at the federal and the
state level, we work to try to get ahead of that, so that when it comes time for a compliance deadline to
be met, we're getting there well in advance of when that deadline is. And we're also just looking at just
the system needs and what we want to be doing from a safety perspective. So we talked about advanced
leak detection technologies and further expanding that across our footprint as well as just ongoing hydro
testing and in-line inspection work on our large-scale distribution in some of our transmission lines to
make sure that our system is operating as safely as it possibly can.

Ryan Michael Levine
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then in the federal legislation, what do you view as the impact to Atmos more broadly?

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

I mean are you referring to the infrastructure bill there, Ryan?

Ryan Michael Levine
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

The infrastructure bill and potential tax reform -- tax changes.

John Kevin Akers
CEO, President & Director

Yes. On the infrastructure bill itself, as you know, it's very comprehensive. We're still working our
way through it. But some of the things that we've seen that we are focusing in on our incentives in
there for high-efficiency, natural gas appliances systems that regard hydrogen, hydrogen research and
development, as well as there's some, I think, $500 million or so over the next 5-year increase for LIHEAP
that's in there as well. The rest of it, at this point, we're still working our way through the detailed piece of
that with our peer companies and with the American Gas Association.

Ryan Michael Levine
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then last question for me. Are you talking to any of your regulators in the new jurisdictions
about rate basing electrolyzers within the LDCs?

John Kevin Akers

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

CEO, President & Director

Short answer is no.

Operator

Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.

Daniel M. Meziere
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer
Thank you. We appreciate your interest in Atmos Energy, and thank you for joining us today. A recording
of this call is available for replay on our website through January 6, 2022. Have a good day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

