AutoZone, Inc. NYSE:AZO
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, December 08, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

17.61

18.61

5.68

13.47

76.12

83.52

Revenue  (mm)

3157.47

3154.26

(0.10 %)

2720.34

13207.75

13596.53

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Dec-08-2020 1:40 PM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

11.74

13.16

25.01

17.61

12.39

14.39

30.93

18.61

5.54 %

9.35 %

23.67 %

5.68 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 08, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jamere Jackson
Executive Vice President

Unknown Executive

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

William T. Giles
CFO and Executive VP of Finance,
IT, Store Development & Customer
Satisfaction

ANALYSTS

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Matthew J. McClintock
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 08, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the AutoZone Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised,
today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. This conference
will discuss AutoZone's first quarter earnings release. Bill Rhodes, The company's Chairman, President
and CEO, will be making a short presentation on the highlights of the quarter. The conference call will end
promptly at 10:00 a.m. Central Time and 11 a.m. Eastern Time.

Before Mr. Rhodes begins, the company has requested that you listen to the following statement regarding
forward-looking statements.

Unknown Executive

Certain statements contained in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are subject
to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
statements typically use words such as believe, anticipate, should, intend, plan, will, expect, estimate,
project, position, strategy, seek, may, could and similar expressions. These are based on assumptions and
assessments made by our management in light of experience and perception of historical trends, current
conditions, expected future developments and other factors that we believe to be appropriate.

These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, without
limitation, product demand; energy prices; weather; competition; credit market conditions; cash flows;
access to available and feasible financing; future stock repurchases; the impact of recessionary conditions;
consumer debt levels; changes in laws or regulations or in the prospect of war, including terrorist activity;
inflation; the ability to hire train and retain qualified employees; construction delays; the compromise in
confidentiality, availability or integrity of information, including cyberattacks; historic rate sustainability;
downgrade of our credit ratings; damages to our reputation; challenges in international markets; failure
and interruption of our information technology systems; origin and raw material costs of suppliers;
disruption in our supply chain due to public health epidemics or otherwise; impact of tariffs; anticipated
impact of new accounting standards and business interruptions.

Certain of these risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in the Risk Factors section contained
in Item 1A under Part 1 of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2019, and
these risk factors should be read carefully. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future
performance and actual results, developments and businesses which may differ from those contemplated
by such forward-looking statements and events described above and in the risk factors could materially
and adversely affect our business. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. Except as
required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Actual results may materially differ
from anticipated results.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2021 First Quarter Conference Call.
With me today are Bill Giles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jamere Jackson, Chief
Financial Officer Elect; and Brian Campbell, Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Tax.

Regarding the first quarter, I hope you had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the
quarter's results. If not, the press release, along with slides complementing our comments today, are
available on our website at www.autozone.com under the Investor Relations link. Please click on quarterly
earnings conference calls to see them.

Since our last earnings release in late September, much of the world's attention remains focused on
COVID-19, including its current and future implications for communities, businesses and markets. These

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 08, 2020

times remain extraordinary for all of us. From the start of the pandemic through this quarter, our team
has had to deal with challenges unlike any we have seen in our company's history. While at the start of
the pandemic, our sales dipped, we performed quite well once economic stimulus was implemented in the
U.S. and Americans began to drive more. By mid-April, our business began to strengthen and reached an
apex last quarter when we reported 21.8% same-store sales, the best same-store sales performance in
our company's rich history.

For this quarter, ending in late November, we are proud to report a 12.3% same-store sales, another
historically strong performance. While last quarter's sales were more consistent, particularly across the
first 12 weeks of the 16-week quarter, this quarter was a bit less so. Considering the meaningful volatility
resulting from pandemic and economic responses, we are sharing our same-store sales cadence for each
4-week period of the quarter. We were up 16.5%, then up 11.4%, ending up 8.8% in the last 4 weeks.
The deceleration appears to be related to a combination of normal seasonality and how far away we were
from the benefits of economic stimulus.

This quarter's traffic was far more beneficial to same-store sales than ticket growth by quite a wide
margin. When we talked in September, we could not have effectively forecasted our growth for this
quarter's same-store sales, albeit, we would have been much closer than we would have forecasted Q4 at
the beginning of that quarter. We are continuing to learn as we go. In Q1, we felt we would see substantial
above-normal growth, but we wouldn't have thought double-digit same-store sales.

Our #1 priority continues to be the health, safety and well-being of our customers and our AutoZoners.
Throughout the pandemic, we've continued to follow the myriad of national, state and local mandates
and ordinances and have always kept close tabs on the CDC guidelines. We require a mask entering our
facilities, perform questionnaires of our team and take many other safeguards like enhanced cleaning
protocols, providing mask, hand sanitizers and other PPE to our AutoZoners to ensure safe shopping and
work environments.

Last quarter, we talked about the pressure our supply chain was experiencing to make sure we were in
stock and replenishing the stores on a timely basis. I am very happy to say, today, we feel we've made
significant progress in this area. Our in-stocks are much improved, and our supply chain and most of our
vendor partners have done an exceptional job reacting to the unprecedented surge in volumes that have
now lasted 6-plus months. The progress has been significant. But at the end of the quarter, we had only
closed about half of the gap from our debts to our normal levels of in-stock.

To provide a little more color on the drivers of our sales performance this quarter, I remind you that
we were anxious to see what would happen as we got further away from the enhanced unemployment
benefits. While the initial stimulus package ended at the end of July, there were still funds being
distributed on a state-by-state basis at lower levels this fall. As you recall, last quarter, we reported
finishing the quarter with comp sales running up 16.5%. And you can see we remain strong for this
quarter. While our enhanced sales growth declined over the quarter, to still historically high levels, we
believe the noise around the election, the reemergence of COVID in many areas and the beginnings
of seasonal weather patterns hurt foot traffic, particularly in the last 4-week period. While it remains
extremely hard to predict sales performance in the near term, we believe the fundamentals of our
business remain quite strong.

During the quarter, there were certainly some geographic regions that did better than others, as there
always are, but all of our regions performed well. And I could not be more proud to say that based on the
retail sales for customer segment data we have, we continue to experience historically unprecedented
share gains. Historically unprecedented share gains. The data shows the industry has been growing in the
high digits, and our sales have been growing at close to double that rate for these categories.

While we are thrilled to have these share gains today, our charge is to determine how we maintain them.
I'm sure many of you would like to know how we are thinking about sales for both the second quarter
and the balance for fiscal '21. I'll remind you that typically in recessionary environments, our business is
remarkably resilient. However, nothing about this global pandemic is typical. There simply are too many
remaining unknowns like will the federal government pass a second round of stimulus. And when will the
vaccine be distributed? And how effective will it be? What consumer behaviors have changed temporarily?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 08, 2020

Which ones have changed permanently? All of this creates uncertainty, but our focus on execution remains
the same.

Beyond our primary objective to ensure the safety of our customers and AutoZoners, our focus is on
providing our AutoZoners with the resources they need to provide our customers with an exceptional
shopping experience. For the long term, we remain bullish on the health of our industry. And if the
economy enters a deep and protracted recessionary environment, we continue to believe our customers
will focus more on maintaining their current vehicles. These time periods have benefited our business in
the past, retail, in particular, as it has in the last 3 recessions.

Last quarter, I reminded folks, the strongest periods we experienced of outsized sales growth over the
last 3 decades have been the early '90s, '01, '02, '09, '10 and '11, all coming out of recessionary periods.
Therefore, we remain optimistic on the industry this upcoming year. Interestingly, after each of these
outsized growth periods, they have never been followed by equivalent declines in the years that follow. We
believe consumer behaviors change during these recessionary periods, allowing us to showcase our skills
and capabilities to new customers. And we've retained many of those customers in the years that follow. I
would be remiss if I did not thank our AutoZoners for their exceptional efforts.

While I appraised our entire organization, from our stores to our distribution centers, from the U.S. to
Mexico to Brazil, and all data and our store support teams, I always owe our thanks to our customers who
continue to believe in our capabilities to help them with their automotive needs. I couldn't be prouder of
our team. As usual, I want to especially recognize, on behalf of every AutoZoner, our store and distribution
center AutoZoners. These extraordinary people have been challenged more than they ever could have
expected. And they have met every single challenge. Thank you, AutoZoners. You embody everything it
means to be an AutoZoner and you deliver on our cultural and service promises every day.

Now let's move into more specifics on performance for the quarter. Our same-store sales were up 12.3%
versus last year's first quarter. Our net income was $442 million, and our EPS was at $18.61 a share,
30.1% above last year. Sales were higher than we forecasted at the beginning of the quarter. It's certainly
higher than historic norms. Both our retail and commercial businesses showed strength in the quarter with
DIY same-store sales up approximately 13% and commercial total sales growth of approximately 12%.

In commercial, we averaged over $58 million in weekly sales, which was over $11,500 in sales per
program per week. While average weekly sales per program decelerated from last quarter, that is normal
as we change seasons. Moving forward, we expect our commercial business to show continued strength
as we execute on our growth initiatives and gain additional share in this space. I'll remind you that this
is a highly fragmented $75 billion market, and we believe our product and service offerings provide us
tremendous opportunity to significantly grow sales and market share over time.

While there are some geographical differences this quarter, there continue to be interesting trends across
our merchandise categories, particularly in the retail business. Our sales' 4 categories continue to be
strong as we believe people have more time and many have more money. Many parts of the economy
are still operating at fractions of their normal capacity: Movie theaters, vacation resorts, entertainment
venues, hotels and the like. Some Americans have the luxury to "work from home", eliminate their
commute. And unfortunately, while vastly improved in the early days of the pandemic, unemployment is
still twice the pre-pandemic rate. This extra time and, for some, extra funds have been repurposed to that
project card or doing that enhancement job, our customers have been perpetually putting off.

At the same time, while our sales have increased, in merchandise categories like brakes, rotors and even
motor oil, they aren't growing as fast as the rest of the categories due to last year's mild winter and lower
current miles driven. We believe miles driven will continue to improve, and maintenance parts will increase
as miles driven go up. And we know from history that the muted break in rotor growth is also still being
impacted by last year's very mild winter.

As for this year's winter, all indications we have call for a normal winter. Anything, anything normal in
this environment would be welcomed. We expect that our sales growth from the pandemic-related surge
will moderate over time. However, we will continue to invest in growth initiatives in both our retail and
commercial that position us well for the future.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 08, 2020

In addition, we continue to believe our products and services will be in high demand during more difficult
economic times, and this resiliency gives us significant confidence about our prospects. One thing we
are certain of is our team continues to perform at an exceptional level. I'm so proud of them across the
enterprise. We remain focused on providing everyone with the support, encouragement and resources
they need to live up to our pledge of always putting customers first.

Now I'd like to again thank our AutoZoners for their extraordinary efforts during these unprecedented
times. In particular, I would like to recognize the tremendous contributions of our store and distribution
center AutoZoners and their leaders, who have been there for our customers, external or internal, every
day since the beginning of the pandemic. I ask each of you listening to this call to stop for a moment and
imagine yourself in a public environment, 5-plus days a week for the last 9 months, helping customers
while at the same time, try to keep yourself, your teammates, your customers and ultimately, your own
family safe from the virus. Seriously, seriously stop and think about that. That is exactly what our team
has done. Our stores haven't closed. Our distribution centers are operating at breakneck speed. Thanks to
these AutoZoners in our stores and distribution centers for all they've done.

In the spring, we implemented something innovative and new for all eligible full- and part-time hourly
AutoZoners and ultimately for our store managers and DC advisors. We offer them emergency time off,
or ETO, as we call it. In essence, it amounted to 2 extra weeks of vacation to give them the flexibility
to ensure their safety, deal with childcare issues, care for a sick family member, or most importantly,
stay home, stay home if they were showing any symptoms. It has worked and it's worked exceptionally
well. Many of them have used this benefit, while a significant portion have saved it and will receive
meaningful payouts, should they choose, next month, an $800 to $1,600 or more bonus for most of our
hourly AutoZoners. When we rolled this new benefit out, as you would expect, we shared that it was a
onetime extraordinary benefit. But who knew then that the pandemic would still be raging at the turn of
the calendar year?

So 2 weeks ago, we announced our team that we would allow them to carry over any unused ETO or
be paid out in January at their election, that every single AutoZoner who has unused normal vacation
would be allowed to carry it over 6 months past the normal deadline, and most importantly, that we
would be extending all eligible full- and part-time hourly AutoZoners, store managers and DC advisors
in the U.S. with another week of ETO at the beginning of the new calendar year. This is an expense that
will be recognized in our second quarter of approximately $50 million. And as I told our AutoZoners on
the Wednesday before Thanksgiving when I made the announcement, it's a large expense, but is more
importantly, a tremendous investment in them and their safety. I'm exceptionally proud to work with a
team of leaders and a Board of Directors who ensure we live consistent with our stated values.

Now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Bill Giles. Bill?

William T. Giles
CFO and Executive VP of Finance, IT, Store Development & Customer Satisfaction

Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. To start this morning, let me take a few moments to elaborate
on the specifics and our P&L for Q1. For the quarter, total auto parts sales, which includes our domestic
Mexico and Brazil stores, increased 13.1%. For the trailing 4 quarters ended, total sales per AutoZone
store were $1,960,000. This compares to $1,865,000 in Q1 last year.

Now let me give a little more color on sales and our growth initiatives. For the first quarter, our domestic
Do-It-For-Me, or DIFM, sales increased 11.9% to $695 million, another quarter for us. In the quarter,
sales to our DIFM customers represented 22% of our total sales and increased approximately $75 million
from last year's Q1. Our weekly sales per program were $11,500, up 9.2% on a per-program basis versus
$10,600 per week last year. Not only was $11,500 per week the second-highest average ever for us,
but we were able to average $58 million in total weekly commercial sales at another near-record and a
tremendous accomplishment for our teams.

As you know, commercial sales is an important growth initiative for us. And we are investing in a
disciplined way to create a faster-growing business. We now have our commercial program at 85% of our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 08, 2020

domestic stores. This year, we have opened 36 net new programs, finishing with 5,043 total programs as
our sales efficiency per store remains at near-record levels.

Let me give a little more color on our success in commercial and the growth playbook as we move
forward. This past year, we believe we grew share and remain focused on repeating this for FY '21.
Fundamentally, we believe that our share gains are underpinned by the investments we made in improving
the quality of our parts offering, many in the Duralast brand, improvements in our parts coverage by
model year and a commitment to providing exceptional service. These core focus areas have enabled us to
drive double-digit sales growth for the past 2 quarters and position us well in the marketplace.

As we move forward, we are focused on several initiatives that we believe will accelerate growth. First,
we continue to expand our inventory availability initiative by adding Mega-Hub locations. We opened 3
new Mega-Hubs this quarter, bringing our total to 47. These stores substantially increased local market
availability, and we see a meaningful lift in sales in the markets where they open. With over 80,000 SKUs
or more, we deliver same-day and often multiple times per day to stores in Mega-Hub markets. This
means a store can say, yes, we have it significantly more than when they are sourced from a Hub that
carries 40,000 to 50,000 SKUs.

Second, we are improving our service continually by upgrading service levels with our parts, professionals
and drivers. We are delivering faster, and we are supporting our customers with overall needs better than
before. We recently implemented, chain-wide in the U.S., technology that will significantly improve our
delivery times and the accuracy of the commitments that we make to our customers.

Third, using our 1TEAM approach, we have further integrated our commercial business in our stores where
we offer programs. This means that store management and the entire team is focused on driving sales
and improving service to our commercial customers. And fourth, we continue to invest in a disciplined
way in initiatives that make us more competitive in the marketplace and much easier to do business with.
We like our growth prospects in commercial and believe our growth initiatives will help us create a faster-
growing AutoZone.

Now Bill gave a lot of color on our DIY business, which I won't repeat, but I would like to spend a moment
on our integrated retail efforts. As COVID's effect on customers' ability to get out and shop grew, we
ramped up our strategy to enhance the customer shopping experience by meeting customers when, where
and how they wanted to shop. This past quarter, we continued to see very strong growth in our buy online,
pick up in store shopping channel. While our other 2 options, next-day delivery and ship-to-home were
also up nicely, our buy online, pick up in store offering continued its rapid growth. Pick up in store grew
faster than our ship-to-home option as customers continue to value interaction with our experienced in-
store advisers. While our online sales remain less than 5% of our DIY business, the traffic to the website
is a tremendous marketing tool for our in-store business. We remain committed to improving the shopping
experience online in order to help customers identify what they need and allow them a quicker in and out
experience once they come to our stores for pickup.

Our Mexico stores continue to be impacted by the pandemic. In addition to impacting sales, the weakness
in the foreign currency exchange rate put additional pressure on our results. The exchange rate finished
the quarter at MXN 20.6 to the dollar and was roughly 6% higher than last year's first quarter rate. As a
result of the devaluation, our total U.S. dollar sales were negatively impacted. During the quarter, we did
not open any new stores and finished with 621 stores. While the macro environment has been challenging,
we believe we are seeing signs of a turnaround with the Mexican economy. We remain committed to our
store opening schedule in Mexico for the foreseeable future.

Regarding Brazil, we finished with 45 stores. We opened 2 new stores in the quarter. Like the U.S. and
Mexico, Brazil faced challenges with COVID-19, stay-at-home mandates and foreign exchange headwinds.
The Brazilian real devalued roughly 30% for Q1 year-over-year. We view the COVID impact to be short-
term in nature for our Brazil stores as well. Our commitment to growing the Brazilian business has not
wavered.

Now I'll pass it off to our CFO-elect and a new member of our team, Jamere Jackson, to take us through
additional P&L items and our cash flow and balance sheet highlights. But before I do, I would like to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 08, 2020

personally welcome Jamere to our team. We are all so excited to have him here. He has been a very quick
study, and we all look forward to his valuable contributions for many years to come. Jamere?

Jamere Jackson
Executive Vice President

Thanks, Bill, and let me first say how delighted I am to join AutoZone at this point in my career and the
company's rich history. It's been a pleasure working with you, and I'm so grateful for the opportunity
to lead the world-class finance and store development teams that you've built over the years. I'm also
fortunate that you're running through the tape, to use a sports analogy, which has enabled me to spend
valuable time in our stores and distribution centers and learn the business from the ground up. Your track
record of building shareholder value as CFO of this company has been impressive. Certainly not many
CFOs post the kind of numbers that you put on the board during your tenure. I wish you [ and Jill ] all the
best as you write the next chapter.

Let me begin on the P&L and gross margins. For the quarter, our gross margin was down approximately
62 basis points. I would categorize the drivers in 3 buckets: 1/3 of pressure is the result of onetime
markdowns on COVID-related goods such as hands sanitizer, where we saw a significant slowdown in
sales velocity as we moved through the quarter. Another 1/3 of the pressure is a result of higher loyalty
transactions. As our transaction counts have been up materially in the last 2 quarters, we simply have
issued more $20 credits to customers. This has translated into higher sales and profits, but at slightly
lower margins.

Given the share gains we have seen, as evidenced by the high single-digit transaction growth that
Bill Rhodes mentioned earlier, we are planning for this headwind in gross margins to remain in future
quarters. Now this is a good outcome for our business as we're driving new customers and retention. The
remainder of the deleverage was driven primarily by mix and some pricing investments we're making in
select merchandise categories to improve our competitive positioning. Our industry remains extremely
rational when it comes to pricing. All of the investments we are making suggests that we are growing our
DIY and DIFM businesses at roughly double the rate of the overall market or better. And we're committed
to capturing our fair share and improving our competitive positioning in a disciplined way our primary
focus will continue to be growing absolute gross profit dollars in our total auto parts segment.

Regarding operating expenses, our team, particularly our store operations and commercial teams continue
to manage our expenses well during these times. Our expenses were up 6% versus last year's Q1 due
to our very strong sales results. And we were able to deleverage operating expenses 222 basis points.
Included in this quarter's expenses were approximately $5.2 million related to emergency time off and
other COVID-related expenses. We believe there will be long-lasting benefits from our decision to provide
emergency time off for the heroic efforts undertaken by our AutoZoners during the pandemic. This is
perhaps one of the most important investments we have made, maybe ever. We will continue to manage
SG&A in line with sales volumes.

Moving to EBIT. EBIT for the quarter was $615 million, up 23% versus the prior year. Our EBIT margin was
19.5%, up 160 basis points versus the prior year's quarter. Interest expense for the quarter was just over
$46 million, up 5.6% from Q1 a year ago. The higher expenses related to the $1.25 billion bond issuance
and the $750 million 364-day credit facility both completed in last year's third quarter. We are planning
interest in the same $47 million range for the second quarter of fiscal 2021 versus $44.3 million in last
year's second quarter. The increase in Q2 is driven by the same reasons noted for Q1.

Debt outstanding at the end of the quarter was just over $5.5 billion or approximately $228 million above
last year's Q1 ending balance of just under $5.3 billion. Our adjusted debt level metric finished the quarter
at 1.9x EBITDAR. While in any given quarter, we may increase or decrease our leverage metric based on
debt and equity market conditions, we remain committed to both our investment-grade rating and our
capital allocation strategy and long-term share repurchases are an important element of that strategy.

For the quarter, our tax rate was 22.2% versus 23.2% in last year's first quarter. This quarter's rate
benefited 134 basis points from stock options exercised while last year, it benefited 33 basis points.
Stock option exercises aren't predictable, and as such, they will affect our tax rate and ultimately, our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 08, 2020

net income and EPS. For the second quarter of fiscal year 2021, we suggest investors model us at
approximately 23.5% before any assumption on credits due to stock option exercises. Because we cannot
effectively predict this activity, we remain committed to reporting the stock option impact on the tax rate.

Moving to net income and EPS. Net income for the quarter was $442 million, up 26.3% versus last year's
first quarter. Our diluted share count of 23.8 million shares was lower by 2.9% from last year's quarter.
The combination of these factors drove earnings per share for the quarter to $18.61, up 30.1% over the
prior year's first quarter.

Now I'll move to cash flow. For the first quarter, we generated $683 million of operating cash flow. This
was up approximately $236 million over last year's Q1. Our operating cash flow results were driven by the
exceptionally strong earnings that Bill mentioned earlier and working capital. Net fixed assets were up 3%
versus last year. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $113 million and reflected the spending to
open 41 net new stores this quarter, investments in existing stores, Hubs and Mega-Hubs, and information
technology investments.

With the new stores opened, we finished this past quarter with 5,924 stores in the U.S., 621 stores in
Mexico and 45 in Brazil for a total store count of 6,590. For fiscal year 2021, we expect to get back to our
usual cadence of approximately 150 domestic stores and roughly 50 international stores. Depreciation
totaled $89.6 million for the quarter versus last year's expense of $89.7 million. We repurchased $678
million of AutoZone stock in the quarter versus $450 million last year. At quarter end, we had $117.6
million remaining under our share buyback authorization.

Regarding our balance sheet, our debt was flat with last quarter, and our cash and cash equivalents
remain significantly higher than historical levels. We now have over $1.7 billion in cash on the balance
sheet, of which $1.5 billion is excess cash. Our liquidity position remains strong as we have both a
multiyear and a 364-day credit facility totaling $2.75 billion that remains untapped.

We're also managing our inventory well as our inventory for store growth was up 1.2% versus Q1 last
year. Inventory per store was $702,000 versus $694,000 last year and $683,000 last quarter. Total
inventory increased 3.7% over the same period last year driven by new stores and improved product
assortment. Net inventory, defined as merchandise inventories less accounts payable, on a per-location
basis was negative $99,000 versus negative $71,000 last year and negative $104,000 last quarter. As
a result, accounts payable as a percent of gross inventory finished the quarter at 114.1% versus last
quarter's Q1 of 110.3%.

Now let me spend a few minutes on capital allocation and our share repurchase program. This past
quarter, we restarted our share repurchase program. As we mentioned on our last quarter's call, we
expected to gradually restart our buyback program during the first quarter. We said that we intended
to utilize our ongoing free cash flow to buy back stock and based on our view of the future, begin
methodically utilizing some of the excess cash we currently have on our balance sheet. As we said
last quarter, if we have concerns about the near term, we will simply temporarily suspend repurchases
again, but we feel comfortable with our own strategy. This past quarter, we spent $678 million on stock
repurchases, representing 584,000 shares. We remain confident in our near-term plans, and as such,
expect to systematically reduce the level of cash and cash equivalents on hand through the remainder of
this fiscal year and return meaningful and historically unprecedented amounts of cash to shareholders as
part of our disciplined capital allocation strategy.

To wrap up, we had a very strong quarter, highlighted by exceptionally strong comp sales, which drove
a double-digit increase in net income and EPS. We remain confident in our ability to drive long-term
shareholder value by, first, investing in our growth initiatives, driving robust earnings and cash and
returning excess cash to our shareholders. I'll remind you that our business remains remarkably resilient
through the cycles and the investments we are making today in our products and services position us well
in the near and long term.

Let me give you just a few initial impressions of my short time here in the CFO chair. This is a tremendous
business with an incredibly bright future. We have a world-class leadership team with deep domain
expertise and a passion for winning in the marketplace. I have experienced firsthand the dedication and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 08, 2020

heroic actions of our AutoZoners in the stores and distribution centers and as a longtime customer, I
know that they are the reason why we are delivering exceptional results. And finally, our execution on our
growth initiatives give me great confidence in our ability to grow our business and build tremendous value
for our shareholders.

Now I'll turn it back to Bill Rhodes.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Jamere, and welcome. These continue to be unique and abnormal times. And they've required
us to look at many things differently to manage our business day-to-day. I'm extraordinarily proud of our
team across the board for their commitment to servicing our customers, the motoring public, but doing so
in a very safe manner. While we're learning how to operate effectively in these times, we remain wary of
the volatility that can exist, volatility in both the U.S. and our international markets. We are fortunate to
have extraordinary people who are committed to servicing our customers and helping them get to work,
go see their families or simply get back and forth to school. Our operating theme this year is AutoZone
Strong. And I'm honored to say we've come together this year to live this theme like never before.

While it's impossible for us to know what the cadence of the new year's sales will be, I want to be crystal
clear. We plan conservatively in order to manage our cost structure appropriately. While our domestic
retail business continues to do very well, we understand trends will slow in the future, but we believe we
have a tremendous ongoing opportunity within our domestic commercial business. While we understand
these things, we also feel we are well positioned for continued future share gain opportunities across all
the business segments we operate.

Our business continues to do very well. But as always, we have work to do as we start calendar 2021.
First and foremost, our focus will be on keeping our AutoZoners and customers safe while providing
our customers with their automotive needs. Secondly, we must continuously challenge ourselves during
these extraordinary times to position our company for even greater future success. We will ultimately be
measured by what our future cash flows look like 3 to 5 years from now. Lastly, I continue to be bullish on
our industry and, in particular, bullish on AutoZone.

Before we proceed to Q&A, I want to take the liberty to publicly thank 2 exceptional leaders. Over 37
years ago, Bill Hackney followed in his father's footsteps and joined this extraordinary enterprise. And
over those 37-plus years, Bill leveraged his knowledge of virtually every part of this business and its deep
understanding of our customers to our and our customers' benefit. He will be missed.

And almost 15 years ago, Bill Giles traded home goods for auto parts and boy, weren't we fortunate. I've
had the honor to partner with Bill ever since he joined the company. How many CEOs have the privilege
to host 59 consecutive earnings release calls with the same world-class CFO? Bill has been a great team
member and adviser for our entire organization. And we thank you, Bill.

While we will miss both of them, as our founder's father, J.R. Hyde, Jr., often said, "No individual builds a
business. They build an organization, and the organization builds the business." Both of these AutoZoners
for life have embraced that mentality and built tremendous teams. We wish you and your families the best
of luck in your next chapter, and thank you for all you've done for each of us.
Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 08, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Bret Jordan with Jefferies.

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I guess a little follow-up on the market share gain. It seems like the second quarter, you guys have been
picking share up. Could you maybe give us some color both on the commercial and DIY side, where you're
seeing the share donors? And I guess the follow-up question would really be on sustainability. If you're
picking up share from WDs, given your higher in-stocks, do you see that share sustaining in the sense that
those customers stay with you as the WDs bring inventory back up? I guess is your position higher on the
call list relatively defensible?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Thank you for the question, Bret. On the commercial side of the business, you've seen the publicly
available numbers. And I think, first of all, we're at the top of the heap in both the retail and commercial
businesses with our public peers. I think we're doing very well there. Regarding your specific question on
WDs, clearly, during the worst of times back in Q3, we were in a very different position than some of our
smaller competitors. They really shut things down. Many of them closed or worked reduced hours, had
less inventory and the like. And I think that, that gave us a real opportunity to introduce ourselves and be
there for certain customers that maybe we didn't have the same relationship before.

As we've said many, many times, the commercial part of this business certainly is a relationship business.
And when you're there for customers, you build up some credibility that you can leverage for a long time.
So I think that, that's the bigger issue rather than them getting back to where their normal operating
procedures are, that we were there in people's times of need, and I think that people have long memories
about that.

On the retail side of the business, again, I think we're performing at the highest level of any of our public
peers. But I also think that there are other parts of the channel -- other channels in the retail sector, mass
and online, that we did particularly well against during this period of time and continue to do so.

Again, I think is it sustainable or not? That's the biggest charge that we have as a management team. We
have this opportunity to introduce ourselves to new customers. And as we said in our prepared remarks,
much of our business growth in the retail business is coming from existing customers who are doing more
business with us. And I think it's very encouraging that they're participating with us in different categories
than they normally do. And so we feel very good about that.

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Yes. On the DIFM, the commercial side, I guess, the WDs historically had strong relationships but might
not have had inventory at a point in time. And I guess as their inventory balances come back up, I guess
my real question is, do you see any shift in the cadence of your share gains? Are the WDs becoming more
effective competitors? Or are you really holding all of the share that you picked up in the downturn?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, I wish I had better information to answer that question, Bret. We have very specific information on
the sales for categories in our retail business. We don't have that level of information on the commercial
business. So we have to, like everybody else, look pretty much at the top line numbers and try to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 08, 2020

extrapolate from there. But we feel like we're doing well. I can't tell you how the WDs are doing as a
whole.

Operator

And our next question comes from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And I wish Bill Giles a good send off again. I think we did it last quarter, but that was a nice message from
Bill Rhodes.

My first question is on price. I think we've talked about investing in price a little more prominently in the
last couple of quarters. Can we talk about the rationale? Any specific areas you're trying to address? Is it
price spreads online? Is it DIY, DIFM? And then can you talk big picture around the elasticity of demand?
I'm assuming it's not for short-term gains because a lot of the demand is failure-based, but how do you
think about that?

Jamere Jackson
Executive Vice President

Yes. And this is Jamere. What I'll say is a couple of things. First of all, we control our own destiny here.
I mean the results as it relates to our gross margins are not a result of cost pressures or pricing spirals
within the industry. What we're doing is we're investing in a disciplined way to improve our competitive
positioning. We're improving our overall profitability. And in many ways, the productivity we're achieving in
operating expenses serves as the bill payer for some of the investments that we're making. What I'll say
about pricing is that we're making decisions on pricing, merchandising and investments based on data and
discipline. And these are decisions that are resulting in both share gains and higher overall earnings. So I
like the playbook that we have as it relates to pricing.

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Let me ask maybe a follow-up on stock buyback. I think you mentioned you may exceed, I guess,
historic levels, and I think the last amount that you purchased was something in the $2 billion category or
a $2 billion level on a peak basis. So I mean is there any way -- are you planning to eclipse that target?
And then would you take up your leverage short term? Would it have any impact vis-à-vis the rating
agencies? Can you take your leverage up to buy back an outsized amount?

Jamere Jackson
Executive Vice President

Yes. So let me say this. I mean this is perhaps one of the most powerful free cash flow stories really
in all of the industry. And the business model that we have enables us to invest in a disciplined way in
growth and return meaningful amounts of cash to shareholders in a very consistent and efficient way.
And so what we recognize is that this model is powerful enough from a cash flow standpoint for us to do
that investment in the growth of our business and continue along the journey that we've been, returning
meaningful amounts of cash and with the free cash flow that we generate. So we don't see a need today
to do anything different in terms of leverage, and we also don't see a need today to do anything different
in terms of moving off the centerline that we have for this disciplined capital allocation strategy.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan.

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I think, Bill, the trade from home furnishings to AutoZone is definitely the trade of the century coming to
this organization from Linens 'n Things. So congratulations again.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 08, 2020

So my question, 2 questions. So first on the Do-It-For-Me side of the business, your annual run rate is
now $600,000 per program per year. A couple of years ago, you were sub $500,000. And so you look
at your peers, they're in this $800,000-plus type range. I guess how do you think about getting to that
level? Do you think that the service changes, the parts availability changes, the Mega-Hub strategy and
the delivery strategy are sufficient to sort of keep step-functioning up to that level of productivity?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, Chris, thank you for the question. A lot of attention gets focused on our close-in competitors and
rightfully so, and they both outperform us on a sales-per-program basis and have for a long time. I'm
really pleased with what our team has been able to do to begin closing that gap. But we really don't want
to get too focused on our close-in competitors. We want to think about the industry as a whole. As I
mentioned in the prepared remarks, it's a $75 billion market. It is incredibly fragmented, much more so
fragmented than the retail side of the business. So I want to make sure that we're focused on the entire
market, not our close-in competitors.

If you look back over the history of time, what our team has been able to do has really helped us, as you
just noted, accelerate our growth in a significant way. We've vastly improved our inventory assortments
in every individual store, particularly as it relates to commercial-oriented vehicles. We had this Hub and
Mega-Hub strategy which we are rolling out and continues to outperform, particularly the Mega-Hubs.
Every time we talk about the Mega-Hubs, we talk about that they have outperformed our expectations. We
now have built this fabulous brand called the Duralast brand, which 5 to 7 years ago, people thought was
an inhibitor to our success. Now everybody else sees it as a real key part and a leverage point for us in
the commercial business. Think about the other national brands that a decade ago were so powerful. Many
of them are gone. Those that are still around are less relevant today than they were back then. And now
we've also built this really strong sales force, which we didn't have a decade ago.

We're now supplementing all of that with some technology tools that are some of the largest investments
that we've made in technology to make our teams more efficient and improve our delivery and reliability.
So we're very bullish on what the future is, and frankly, pretty proud of the progress that we've made to
date.

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. And then in terms of the last 4 weeks of the quarter, you talked about roughly an 8.8% in the last
4 weeks. Some of your peers have talked about disruption in the election week. I was just curious, you
mentioned that. If we took out the election week, would it suggest that maybe the underlying trend rate
is better than that 8.8%? And I'll ask just because we should ask. And any commentary on what you're
seeing so far this quarter?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Perfect, Chris. Thanks for getting that normal question out of the way. I'll answer the normal way because
we released our earnings so quick in the quarter. So we're 2 weeks and 3 days into this quarter, we don't
want to talk about what's happening this quarter because we don't want our owners to get focused on 2.5-
week periods of time. So historically, we have not talked about what's happened intra-quarter, and we're
not going to do that today. We did -- we were very specific in showing you what happened in each 4-week
period during the quarter. We don't really generally give that level of clarity either.

I want to remind us coming into Q4 that we told you, we were up 16.5% in the last 4 weeks of last
quarter. I told you today that we were up 16.5% the first 4-week period. I think a lot of people thought
our sales had gone down materially in September, and that wasn't true.

Regarding the 8.8% that we had in the last 4-week period of time, we were very intentional in saying,
yes, the election was going on. We also, in this period of time, sales are driven up and down based upon
weather patterns. We get a cold snap, it can be very positive. We get dreary, rainy weather, it can be very

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 08, 2020

negative. So we've given you the cadence. We're -- it's very hard for us to talk about and even understand
what the next 12 weeks is going to be like. We don't know. These are unprecedented levels, 12.3% same-
store sales is the best performance in this company since I joined the company over 26 years ago, it will
slow down over time. How fast that happens, I don't know. But I do know we have an incredibly strong
business that regardless will continue to outperform over the long term.

Operator

And our next question comes from Michael Lasser with UBS.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And Bill and Jamere, congratulations and best of luck to you both. Bill Rhodes, in your prepared remarks,
you pointed out that during the last 30 years or so, the best -- the period of strongest growth for the
industry have been during times of recession. And subsequently, the year after, the industry still didn't
comp negative. Do you think this time is different because what's been driving the industry has been
some of the discretionary categories rather than the strength in maintenance and failure like happened
last time? Because there's a perception out there that the DIY business is going to give back a lot of what
it's gained this year when consumers get back out and do what they didn't do previously. And because
of Autozone's mix of business, it will have -- it will be the most sensitive to softness in the DIY segment
whenever that happens.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, really a terrific question, Michael. Yes, this time is different. There's no question about it. I've said
it -- I've just said it. This is the second-best quarter since I've been at the company. The best quarter
was last quarter. Will we be able to comp 21.8% same-store sales in Q4? I highly doubt it. Will we give
some of that back? Absolutely. The question is will we give it all back. Are we introducing ourselves to new
customers? Are we introducing existing customers to new categories for us? Are we kind of standing in
that gap for customers? I think we are. And I think we're going to build loyalty with our customers over
the long term.

My real question for us is if we hadn't had this pandemic, what would our sales have been 2 years from
now? I'm sorry, there's a train outside. Rude. I can't even hear. If we hadn't had the pandemic and you
move forward 2 years from now, do we have 2%, 3%, 4% increase in business that we would had, had
the pandemic not happened? I think that's a distinct possibility. And if we do, I think we'd be very pleased
with that.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Got it. The train is a good euphemism for suggesting that AutoZone is going to keep chugging along. So
that's helpful.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

You're always good at those kind of things, Michael. It is life, and it's not a train usually.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. The follow-up is on the gross margin. So it's been down 2 quarters in a row. There's a perception
that this might be the beginning of a longer-term trend, particularly if AutoZone chooses to use some
of the flexibility it has on the SG&A side to go and reinvest that into price or other gross-margin-driving
initiatives.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 08, 2020

So a, is that true? And b, is -- there's a lot of well-documented pressure on labor. So do you lose some of
the flexibility? Or do you foresee losing the flexibility if a wage raise and other factors that are driving your
cost of labor up hurt that side of your P&L?

William T. Giles
CFO and Executive VP of Finance, IT, Store Development & Customer Satisfaction

I would just jump in and say that, look, from a gross perspective, it's down 2 quarters in a row. But
frankly, a big chunk of this one was onetime. So you've got a little bit of pressure and some of the things
that Jamere pointed out, for example, on loyalty, it's a great example of the fact that -- and to follow
on what Bill was talking about is that we're seeing a tremendous amount of traffic. And therefore, we're
seeing tremendous amounts of new and existing customers. Our existing customers are visiting us more.
And they're building up some more loyalty points. That's fantastic.

As we talk about pricing and think about pricing, we're going to be incredibly surgical about it. As Jamere
said, it's going to be very data-driven. And at the end of the day, this is about driving gross profit dollars.
Ultimately, that is what we are most focused on is driving dollars. And as you can see, we're improving
operating margin overall because we're leveraging our fixed cost structure based on the sales that we're
generating from all of our activities. And pricing is just a small example of one of those activities.

But I think overall, the way I think about it is, look, I think our gross margin is very healthy. I think it's
completely in our control. We have opportunities to improve and reduce our costs through importing,
increasing our importing, lowering our acquisition cost. And as Jamere pointed out, we have an
opportunity to be surgical about how we price. And so I think there's a lot of pluses and minuses in gross
margin. And right now, they're all working to drive sales and drive profits.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

And the only thing I'd add is you talked a little bit about operating expenses and wage pressure. As you
saw in this last quarter, our teams did an outstanding job of really driving productivity, and we run the
productivity play with intensity inside the company. And we've been able to manage our labor costs sort
of in line with volume. There will be pockets of wage pressure, as you mentioned, in certain regions. But
quite frankly, we're committed to investing in our AutoZoners regardless of what happens in the regulatory
environment. And quite frankly, that's one of the reasons why we're so good at driving productivity inside
the company. So again, we control our own destiny as it relates to these things, and we're going to invest
in a disciplined way to move the needle on earnings as a whole.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matthew McClintock with Raymond James.

Matthew J. McClintock
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

And honestly, amazing results. So I don't even know what to say. Good job, guys, the whole team.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you.

Matthew J. McClintock
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Jamere, also welcome. Really happy to have you. Can't wait for you to talk more because, honestly, this is
a great company. So you've made a good choice, to be honest with you.

So end of the day, my biggest question here is end of the day, I'm trying to think about your commercial
growth was pretty outstanding this quarter, and vehicle miles driven is still negative. And I'm trying to
think through this because, end of the day, are you trying to say that people now are coming back to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 08, 2020

work, the professionals that normally would go to mechanics are coming back to work, and that's why
they're starting to go to mechanics, and that's why the commercial business is good? Or with -- end of the
day, the exit rate of what your commercial business is doing right now should be pretty higher than what it
is right now if vehicle miles driven increases. So that's kind of -- anything you could say toward that would
be very helpful. How you think about the commercial business and the growth you did this quarter, given
that honestly, it should get better from here.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, another fantastic question. Thank you. As you look at the commercial business, you're exactly right
that miles driven are down and they've been down for a period of time. I would also tell you that another
thing that's muting the commercial business is the lack of winter that we had last year. Tire sales are
down, maintenance sales are down, brakes, rotors, which I talked about specifically in the prepared
remarks.

The other thing that's happening in that sector is the independent part of the sector is performing much
better today than the national accounts, if you will. And I think those things will change over time. As you
see, when we get back into a normal weather pattern, again, we're having this opportunity to introduce
ourselves, particularly to some of these up and down the street accounts at a different level than we have
in the past.

I don't believe that people are "returning to work." And we don't see it yet in a significant miles driven
improvement. It improved vastly in the summertime, but then it's kind of been fairly steady over recent
months we've seen. But I remind you that not all miles driven are the same. So people that are driving
to work in some of these urban cores generally aren't our core customer. Our core customer has not
had the luxury, just like our AutoZoners that are in the stores and the distribution centers, our core
customer doesn't have the luxury to work from home. They're doing manual labor. They're providing
service economy kind of jobs. And so I don't think that our core customer has really seen a significant
change in their driving behaviors.

Matthew J. McClintock
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Sure. So if I could follow up on that and just ask this question just because you made so many
investments in the commercial business. And I agree, you guys are very good in DIY, right? But because
you made so much investment in the commercial business over the years, isn't that a sticky business?
And doesn't that kind of imply that next year, the comparisons aren't that difficult because once somebody
goes to you, they kind of don't go back? Is that a fair way to think about this?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

I think it's a very fair way to think about it. And I'll just remind you, when we got serious about the
commercial business was 2008. We were doing about $750 million annually at that point in time. In the
last 12 years, we've more than tripled the business, getting closer to quadrupling the business. And it's
been pretty darn sticky along the way. That's certainly our hope. And as we're launching many of these
new initiatives that are only going to amplify our service advantage, as we've now shored up our inventory
assortments, we've built this brand and we've got somebody out telling our story in our sales force, we
feel pretty good about the future. Will it be a straight line? No, it never is. But we've had a pretty strong
trajectory over the last 12 years of growing that business much faster than the industry has grown.

All right. Before we conclude the call, I want to take a moment to reiterate, we believe our industry is
strong and our business model is solid. We'll take nothing for granted as we understand our customers
have alternatives to shopping with us. We're excited about our growth prospects for the year. We do not
take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have an exciting plan
that should help us succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 08, 2020

As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are
confident AutoZone will continue to be successful.

We thank you for participating in today's call. And we'd like to wish our AutoZoners and everyone on the
call a very happy and, most important, a healthy holiday season and a prosperous New Year. Thank you
very much. Have a great day.

Operator
And thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 08, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

