Automatic Data Processing, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:ADP
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 28, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.98

1.41

Revenue  (mm)

3271.69

3470.70

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-28-2020 12:02 PM GMT

43.88

6.08

1.19

5.00

5.97

3462.71

14184.90

15115.32

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.44

1.89

0.96

0.98

1.52

1.92

1.14

1.41

5.56 %

1.59 %

18.75 %

43.88 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

ANALYSTS

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Mark Steven Marcon
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Mihir Bhatia
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Steven Matthew Wald
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Crystal, and I will be your conference operator. At this time, I would like to
welcome everyone to ADP's First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. I would like to inform you that this
conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Danyal
Hussain, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining ADP's First Quarter Fiscal 2021
Earnings Call and Webcast. Participating today are Carlos Rodriguez, our President and Chief Executive
Officer; and Kathleen Winters, our Chief Financial Officer.

Earlier this morning, we released our results for the quarter. Our earnings materials are available on
the SEC's website and our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com, where you will also find the
investor presentation that accompanies today's call as well as our quarterly history of revenue and pretax
earnings by reportable segment.

During our call today, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe to be useful
to investors and that exclude the impact of certain items. A description of these items along with a
reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures can be found in our
earnings release. Today's call will also contain forward-looking statements that refer to future events
and involve some risk. We encourage you to review our filings with the SEC for additional information on
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. As always, please
do not hesitate to reach out should you have any questions. And with that, let me turn the call over to
Carlos.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Danny, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call. This morning, we reported excellent first
quarter fiscal '21 results, and I'm very pleased to say that across the board, we delivered a very strong
start to the year that was well in excess of our expectations.

For the quarter, we delivered revenue of $3.5 billion, down just 1% on both reported and organic constant
currency basis, and our adjusted EBIT margin was up 120 basis points. Coupled with a slight increase in
the effective tax rate versus last year and a share count reduction, our adjusted diluted EPS grew 5%,
much better than our expectation 3 months ago, which was for a meaningful decrease in EPS. On this call,
we'll discuss the changes that drove ADP's better-than-expected start to fiscal 2021.

In Q1, macroeconomic conditions continue to gradually improve, and we executed extremely well in
several key categories, including better-than-expected sales performance, a continued commitment to
client service and prudent expense management.

Let me start by covering key macro-related trends to provide context to our results, specifically on pays
per control, out-of-business losses and client funds interest. During the first quarter, pays per control,
which as a reminder, declined 11% in the fourth quarter, was in line with our expectation for high single-
digit decline with a year-over-year decline of 9%. And in a continuation of the trend we saw into our
fiscal 2020 year-end, employment in small businesses continued to show the most improvement, while
large businesses actually showed some degradation as we exited the first quarter. Out-of-business losses
performed better-than-expected as small business losses stabilized and a substantial number of clients
that had gone inactive last quarter, have restarted processing activities over the last 3 months.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Finally, average client funds interest rates declined in line with our expectations for the quarter, but
client funds balances were favorable to our expectations, declining 7% compared to our double-digit
expectation.

With that said, let me shift to the highlights resulting from our own execution. We delivered positive 2%
growth in Employer Services new business bookings, which was significantly ahead of our expectations
and marked a record Q1 performance. As you may recall from our commentary last quarter, we did expect
some amount of sequential improvement relative to our Q4 bookings performance as economic conditions
stabilize. However, we delivered a much faster reacceleration as our sales force started strong in July and
carried that momentum through the end of the quarter.

We attribute the rapid reacceleration to a few key factors: first, we did see our clients and prospects
show greater willingness to engage and purchase; but second and most importantly, we took action
by maintaining our overall investment in sales and marketing, applying our best-in-class inside sales
expertise to continue training our field sales force. And utilizing innovative demos and other HCM content,
to start conversations, we've designed a client acquisition funnel that is successful even in the current
environment.

Our teams delivered across the board. That's everything from the downmarket where RUN continues to
grow. And in fact, we've now exceeded 700,000 RUN clients for the first time, surpassing pre-COVID levels
to the mid-market, where we're seeing clients showing more interest in fully outsourced HRO solutions to
the enterprise space, where we had strong traction in compliance-related solutions.

Our international sales were also strong as we closed several larger deals that were previously put on hold
as prospects were waiting for a more stable environment to proceed. And our attach rates on many of our
solutions continued to increase as well. This quarter, our workforce management solutions, also referred
to as time and attendance, reached the 90,000 client milestone for the first time, and we're pleased to see
that continue to grow.

Our revenue outperformance was also driven by stronger retention. We are very proud to report
that we hit record Employer Services retention levels for a Q1 period, and our performance likewise
experienced -- and our PEO performance likewise experienced stronger-than-expected retention. While our
retention likely benefited from having some clients delay decisions to switch HCM vendors given elevated
uncertainty, higher client satisfaction clearly contributed as well. You may recall that last quarter, we
delivered record NPS scores across our businesses as we helped our clients manage through government
programs like the PPP. This quarter, I'm happy to say that across our businesses, we either maintained or
reached new record NPS levels.

We believe these results show that our commitment to providing outstanding service to our clients is
paying off and will continue to do so. A combination of stronger bookings and retention in Q1 drove better
revenue performance and the high incremental profitability associated with those revenues, plus prudent
expense management, ultimately drove stronger margin performance as well. This is another great
example of execution by our associates. And in a few minutes, Kathleen will cover our margin performance
in more detail.

I'd like to now provide an update on the progress we continue to make in driving innovation. Earlier
this month, as part of the annual HR Tech conference, ADP was given the top HR product award. This
marks a record setting, sixth consecutive year that we have been recognized at the conference for our
breakthrough technology innovations, which is representative of how we remain committed to leading the
industry with the Premier HCM technology.

This year, we were recognized for our Next Gen Payroll engine. And as we highlighted in our February
Innovation Day, the benefits of this new engine include a policy-based framework that enables easy self-
service and powerful transparency that allows practitioners and employees to more easily understand the
effects of regulatory, policy or potential life changes and is designed to be scaled globally. We continue
to deploy our Next Gen engine to the market, and we added another 100 clients during the first quarter.
We remain excited about expanding its availability and driving adoption, and the feedback so far has been
overwhelmingly positive.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Ultimately, we expect a higher level of satisfaction to generate even better retention and higher win
rates, supporting our long-term revenue growth trajectory. And we continue to innovate throughout our
ecosystem. This quarter, the ADP marketplace reached 500 app listings, and we are pleased to offer an
expanding suite of offerings as we continue to drive millions of daily API transactions for tens of thousands
of clients that are current users. And just this past week, we hosted our annual ADP Marketplace Partner
Summit, where we further strengthened our partner relations and provided actionable ideas to help our
partners grow their business.

Also, earlier in Q1, we released our return to workplace solution that helps clients bring their employees
back to work safely through a comprehensive set of tools designed to streamline and manage the process.
We now have thousands of clients using the return to workplace solution, and we expect usage to grow
over time as more clients start to gradually bring their employees back to the office or the worksite.

As I said, we are very pleased with the start to the year, and I'd like to recognize our associates from
sales to service to implementation and all the others who support them for their continued efforts and
outstanding performance during this time. They continue to come through for our clients when it matters
most. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Kathleen.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Thank you, Carlos, and good morning, everyone. We had a great Q1 with the combination of gradually
improving macroeconomic conditions and outstanding execution, driving better sales, retention and overall
volume. We do expect to continue to face a number of headwinds over the course of fiscal '21 as the
global economy continues to recover from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. But with our strong first
quarter, we now see the potential for a better full year outcome compared to our outlook 3 months ago,
and our updated guidance reflects this view.

For the first quarter, our revenue declined 1% on a reported and organic constant currency basis. Clearly,
a nice start out of the gates and better than we were expecting 3 months ago. Better bookings and
retention rates were the main drivers of revenue favorability. And that, coupled with expense favorability,
resulted in a year-over-year increase of 120 basis points in our adjusted EBIT margin. As you will recall,
we anticipated that first quarter would have a modest acceleration in bookings compared to the previous
quarter, but a greater year-over-year revenue decline than we experienced in the previous quarter. And
that much of this lost revenue would be at very high margin. Instead, our bookings swung to a year-
over-year increase. Revenues declined only modestly, and our margins expanded even with the sales and
implementation expense generated by a much stronger-than-expected bookings quarter. Several factors
drove this margin favorability.

First, with a more modest revenue decline than expected in Q1, we saw less associated margin pressure
than expected. In addition, the better retention we had in Q1 also translated to lower bad debt expense
than we had originally contemplated. We also continue to execute our downturn playbook with our
entire organization carefully managing headcount and discretionary expenses. And lastly, we made great
progress on our digital transformation and expanded procurement initiatives in Q1 and effectively reduced
operating expenses and overhead faster than anticipated. We are encouraged by what we have seen so
far and are making a modest increase in our expected full year cost benefit from these transformation
initiatives, and now expect $150 million in benefit for fiscal '21, up from $125 million. That revenue and
margin performance together drove adjusted EBIT growth of 5%.

Our adjusted effective tax rate increased 10 basis points compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2020 to
21.3%, driven by lower tax benefit on excess stock compensation. Our share count was lower year-over-
year, driven by both share repurchases that took place pre-COVID as well as the resumption of buybacks
during the quarter. All of this combined to drive 5% growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share to
$1.41, a great start to the year.

Now some detail on the segments. For ES, our revenues declined 3% on a reported basis and 3% on
an organic constant currency basis. A great result considering this quarter included the effects of a 9%
decline in pays per control and a 20% drop in client funds interest revenue, plus the impact from last

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

quarter's lower bookings level. Our client funds balances were down only 7%, better than the double-
digit decline expected. And that outperformance was driven by the same bookings and retention-related
factors that supported revenue. The year-over-year decline in average balances continued to be impacted
by lower pays per control, lower state unemployment insurance rates, continued payroll tax deferrals
among some of our clients, and the closure of our Netherlands money movement operation in October of
2019. Our average yield for our client funds interest declined by 30 basis points, about in line with our
expectations in this low interest rate environment. Employer services margin was up 120 basis points for
the quarter, well ahead of our most recent expectations, driven by the same factors I mentioned earlier
when discussing consolidated results.

For PEO, also a strong quarter out of the gate. Our total PEO segment revenues increased 4% for the
quarter to $1.1 billion, and average worksite employees declined only 3% to 547,000. This revenue
growth and worksite employee performance were both ahead of our expectations, driven primarily by
better retention and stronger-than-expected bookings in Q1. Same-store employment at our PEO clients
performed in line with our expectations for a mid-single-digit decline, steady from last quarter. Revenues,
excluding 0 margin benefits pass-throughs, declined 1%. And in addition to being driven by lower WSEs,
it continued to include pressure from lower workers' compensation and SUI costs and related pricing. PEO
margin increased 40 basis points in the quarter. This included about a 60 basis points of favorability from
ADP indemnity pertaining to changes in the actuarial loss estimates.

Let me now turn to our updated guidance for fiscal '21. We are very encouraged by our strong Q1
performance, yet we are still somewhat cautious about the balance of the year. You'll see that the implied
increase in guidance for the next 3 quarters builds in some ongoing momentum for the balance of the
year, but does not anticipate the same level of outperformance we just experienced in Q1. This reflects
both our confidence in the fundamental strength of ADP as well as a realistic assessment of the lingering
uncertainties ahead for the global economy, including uncertainty around the rate of continued economic
improvement, the labor participation rate and the time line for a vaccine.

For the details of our outlook, I'll start by updating you on some of our key macroeconomic assumptions.
For pays per control, we continue to expect a decline of 3% to 4% for the year. And as we mentioned,
pays per control performed approximately in line with our expectations in Q1. We continue to assume
a modest pace of improvement from this point, with mid to high single-digit decline in Q2, improving
to a mid-single-digit decline in Q3, followed by a mid to high single-digit increase in Q4 on the easier
compare. And as you are aware, the reported BLS unemployment rate has trended better than most
people's expectations these past few months. But factors like a reduced labor force participation rate are
creating an offset, which is why our pays per control has actually been in line so far.

Out-of-business losses outperformed our expectations and contributed to our record Q1 retention levels.
We are raising our retention guidance accordingly. While we have seen effectively no incremental pressure
so far this year from increased bankruptcies among our clients, with continued uncertainty as to further
stimulus and strain in parts of the economy remaining from partial shutdowns, we believe it is still prudent
to assume some effect from higher out of business losses in the coming quarters.

On client funds interest, there is no material change to our expectation for average interest rates for the
year. Though we are revising our balance growth higher given the better start to the year with stronger
sales and retention. We continue to expect the client funds balances to return to year-over-year growth in
Q4.

Let's now look at a revised fiscal '21 guidance. I'll start with ES. We now expect revenue to be flat to
down 2% for the full year versus our previous expectation for a decline of 3% to 5%. I'll break that
down into some of its components. We now expect our new business bookings to be up 10% to 20%
compared to our prior forecast of flat to up 10%. That 10% increase in guidance reflects the impact of our
Q1 outperformance as well as a slight increase in our bookings expectation over the rest of the year. We
are still contemplating a modest year-over-year bookings decline in Q2 as instances of partial economic
lockdowns in Europe, plus uncertainty from the U.S. election keep us somewhat cautious. But this Q2
outlook is certainly better than what we contemplated 3 months ago.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

We now expect our ES retention to be flat to down 50 basis points, versus down 50 to 100 basis points
previously. As again, we had stronger Q1 retention than expected and believe our strong client satisfaction
will translate to continued strong controllable retention though we continue to assume elevated out-of-
business losses in Q2 and Q3.

And for our client funds interest, which primarily impacts the results of our ES segment, we are raising our
average balances expectation on the strong Q1 sales and retention performance. And accordingly, raising
our client funds interest range by $10 million, now to $400 million to $410 million. We now expect our
margin in the Employer Services segment to be down 100 to 150 basis points for the year versus our prior
forecast of down 300 basis points, driven by the stronger Q1 performance, a stronger revenue outlook and
continued expense discipline.

For our PEO, we now expect revenue to be flat to up 3% versus our previous forecast of down 2% to up
2%. And we expect an average worksite employee count down 1% to up 1% versus our previous forecast
of flat to down 3%. We continue to expect average worksite employee growth to be negative during the
first 3 quarters and turn positive in Q4. Our revenues, excluding zero-margin pass-throughs, are expected
to be down 1% to up 1% versus our previous forecast of down 4% to down 1%. We continue to expect
lower workers' compensation and SUI revenues on a per worksite employee basis.

For PEO margin, we now expect to be down 50 basis points to flat in fiscal '21 versus our prior forecast for
down 100 basis points. This increase in our guidance is driven by stronger revenues and a more favorable
benefit from ADP indemnity.

Moving to our consolidated outlook. We now anticipate total ADP revenue to be down 1% to up 1% in
fiscal '21 versus down 4% to down 1% prior. And we anticipate our adjusted EBIT margin to be down
100 to 150 basis points versus our prior guide of down 300 basis points. As I mentioned earlier, we now
expect about $150 million in savings from the combination of our digital transformation as well as our
procurement transformation initiatives. And we will continue to manage our expense base prudently. As
we saw in Q1, you should expect that further upside to our revenues, whether from macro-related factors
or our own execution, should drive upside to our margins as well. In August, we refinanced $1 billion of
notes maturing in 2020. And as a result, we will benefit from approximately $5 million in interest expense
savings this year.

For our effective tax rate, we continue to anticipate 23.1% for the year. We resumed our share
repurchases in Q1, and we assume a net share count reduction in our guidance. Net of all these changes,
we are raising our adjusted diluted EPS guidance to a decline of 3% to 7%, which represents a much more
modest decline compared to our prior guidance of down 13% to 18%.

I'd like to wrap up with a few comments on longer-term margins. To be clear, there has been no departure
from our focused and consistent approach to continue to drive margins higher over the long term. Looking
beyond fiscal '21, a continued economic recovery should support employment growth and above normal
pays per control growth. And we would expect such a trend to contribute incremental margin uplift to our
results, all else being equal. The impact of lower interest rates will also begin to moderate in the coming
years.

In addition to these macroeconomic factors, we expect our underlying margin performance to continue to
be supplemented by our ongoing efforts to transform our organization and client service operations and
to be supported long term by Next Gen platforms that are more efficient, and less expensive to maintain.
As you have seen from our Q1 results, we are committed to protecting and driving margins even as we
maintain our steady approach to investing for the long term. We remain confident in our long-term growth
prospects and our ability to execute, and I look forward to continuing to update you on our progress.
With that, I will turn it over to the operator for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Togut from Evercore ISI.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Good to see the upgraded guidance. As we enter the critical year-end selling season, I hear the caution
around factors like the partial lockdowns in Europe and the U.S. election. But can you give us some more
detailed kind of insight around your expectations for new bookings potentially of RUN, Workforce Now and
Vantage? In our surveys of your customers pre-COVID, we were hearing a lot of demand for Workforce
Now, especially into the bottom of the upmarket up to 4,000 to 5,000 employees per company?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I mean I think that we'd like to be -- given the momentum we just demonstrated, we'd like to be
really optimistic. Unfortunately, we all watch the same news, and the backdrop in terms of these issues,
it's not just Europe. I think there are some concerns here in the U.S. as well. And what we saw from April
-- March, April, May, is that we stick to our story that our clients -- if our clients are hunkering down and
are unable to make decisions, it impacts us. So we remain positive because it doesn't feel like there's
going to be a full lockdown across the board nationally like there was here in the U.S. last time, and we've
clearly adapted. I mean we've -- you can see it in the quarter, how much progress we've made in terms of
being able to sell virtually and use online tools and really ramp up our digital marketing and a lot of other
things that we can talk about that we've done to adjust our sales force.

But for us to tell you, what our view is of RUN and Workforce Now and enterprise sales in the next 2 or
3 months, honestly, is difficult other than to stick to our story around our guidance, which is really more
about the full year and couching it in optimistic, positive and good execution terms, but also with some
level of caution because we're still dependent, I think, on the health care situation and to some extent, on
the economy as well.

One of the questions that you're not -- you didn't ask, but I'm sure people are wondering is about this
question of stimulus, and that's another one that I wish we could tell you that we have kind of a scientific
placeholder in our forecast around how much stimulus and whether there is stimulus or not, and we don't,
but that's another factor that I think would just create the kind of overall picture that would either be
supportive or not supportive of our sales efforts. Because clearly, if you look at the last 20, 30 years of
ADP, there is some general correlation between GDP and our sales results, our new business bookings.
And that is impacted by not just the economic activity related to the health care crisis, but also to things
like stimulus because obviously, the government can offset down pressure on the economy through
stimulus as it just did, but there's also uncertainty around that as well.

So I wish I could give you a more concrete -- one thing I can tell you for sure is we're maintaining our
sales investment. We're maintaining our optimism and we are gradually getting some people back into the
field in terms of selling, and we're certainly pivoting in a big way in terms of using the large resources we
already had with inside sales to really train a lot of our traditional field sales to be able to sell virtually. And
I think you saw great execution and great results in the quarter as a result of that.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

I'll just add one other thought here or comment here, in addition to what Carlos said. I mean, look,
obviously, we're very encouraged and we're optimistic because of the great outperformance in Q1. But as
you heard us say, we're very cautious because of the various uncertainties that we mentioned. But I would
also say we're cautious because as we look back in history and as we look at how in other recessions, how

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

we recovered from that, we do see a period of choppiness. It's not all kind of a straight line up in terms of
the recovery during the great financial recession. After that, we had I believe it was 6 quarters of negative
sales growth after that, and it was quite choppy, actually. So we're expecting there to be some choppiness
here as well. So I just wanted you to be aware of that.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Understood. As a follow-up, how do you see the current economic environment affecting the case for
outsourcing of payroll and HR services? In other words, do the economic challenges that businesses face
make them want to focus more on their core business and outsource payroll and HR services?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I mean I think that's safe to assume that we would probably be on the side of the ledger of
businesses that would benefit "under normal circumstances" post-pandemic. So in other words, once
we get through the transitory nature of the challenge, I don't see how it's not a positive backdrop for
companies like ADP and outsourcers who help people, first of all, maintain business continuity; and second
of all, focus on their core business, as you imply. So I think it has to, again, but we have what do we --
how many points of growth is that? Only history will tell, but we think it will be a positive.

Operator

Our next question comes from Lisa Ellis from MoffettNathanson.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Wow, the recovery in bookings is pretty fantastic. I know you provided a little color around using your
inside sales to train your outside sales. Can you just even provide a little -- like what is your sales model
looking like right now? To what extent are you using digital marketing and digital onboarding? Can you
just give a little bit more color around kind of what happened and what changed over the course of the 3
months to drive that recovery?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Sure. I'm not sure if the call is long enough, though, to be able to give you all that because one of the
differences between us and some of our competitors, which I would see as a positive if I were all of you
is that we're very diversified, both geographically and also across segment. So the answer, unfortunately,
is complicated and it goes area by area. So in international, for example, we were very happy with very
strong results versus expectation, but also, frankly, very strong results versus the prior year. But there
were a few larger deals there. I think there were a few GlobalView deals that helped. And when you look
at the core, best of breed, like in-country solutions, we also outperformed there versus expectations but
not as well in terms of versus the prior year, which is obviously understandable given the pandemic. So
that's international.

And then you move to the U.S. and the story in the down market is different than the mid-market, it's
different than the upmarket. Although across the board, we were better than expected, but the growth
year-over-year varied because I think that's the biggest surprise, which we're frankly very excited about
is that we had positive growth. But if you decompose it, it's a different story in each area. And we had
tailwinds in the down market. I think as a result of some big recovery that was probably some pent-
up demand. The PPP loans probably, frankly, saved a lot of small businesses and provided a lot of cash
to small businesses to continue to kind of run their businesses and make decisions around purchasing
solutions like what we provide to help them run their business better. So it really -- by the way, our
upmarket was also good and strong. So that was very encouraging.

The mid-market, I think, performed also better than our expectations. So I wish I could give you a simple
answer. I personally see it as a positive because if it was one thing that we could point to, I think, it

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

would be problematic because that could easily change overnight, but there really isn't. It's just a lot of
execution across the board. I do think that we have a little bit of help. Again, we don't have a scientific
way of estimating it, but I've been consistent in the 9 years that I've been in this job because of knowing
our culture and how we operate.

The fact that our fiscal year ended where it did, we clearly had a little bit of pent-up demand from, call
it, May, June that carried over into July. I would say that, that was somewhat minor in this case because
getting companies to make decisions on your time line is probably not as easy to do now as it has been in
prior years. But historically, when we have a bad year, we get off to a good start. And in some segments,
that didn't affect probably international business, didn't affect the downmarket because the downmarket
doesn't really have that ability to kind of hold off on something and start it in the next fiscal year, but may
have had a little bit of an impact. But we're pretty convinced that that's not a major story. But I thought
it's important for me to be consistent because I've been saying that for 9 years. By the way, likewise, if we
have a blowout fourth quarter, we end up usually struggling at the beginning of the next fiscal year.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Okay. And then for my follow-up, I know you called out the payroll engine and adding 100 additional
clients this quarter. Can you just remind us or update us on sort of where you are in that overall rollout
and what the kind of rate and pace of that is?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

So I think we have a total of a couple of hundred clients. And I would describe that as still very early
compared to ADP size. So if we were a start-up, you'd be really excited. And I think we have a $20 billion
market cap right now with only 200 clients, given what I've been seeing in the market. But the reality is
that relative to ADP size and given our profile as a company and so forth, you got to take it in context. But
we can't help but be excited because 2 years, 3 years, 5 years, 10 years down the road, it's going to be a
big difference maker. I think it is. And that was our plan when we book the business case. We've been at
it for 3 or 4 years. This is a global, scalable new payroll engine. It's incredibly exciting in terms of what it's
going to do in terms of feature functionality and, hopefully, client satisfaction, but also cost to maintain,
cost to develop. But as you know, we have approximately 800,000 clients -- sorry, not 800,000, it's not
fair because RUN -- this has nothing to do with RUN, but a large portion of ADP's business is still on our
current versions of our payroll engine, which by the way, all of these payroll engines are transparent to the
clients.

I don't know if you guys understand that, but Workforce Now and Vantage and Lifion and all of our
products are -- the front ends are really what our clients experience. And it's just important to remember
that this is not like the transitions we had with Workforce Now or even with RUN because this is a gross to
net engine that is really kind of underneath the hood, if you will, of what the clients are experiencing on
the front end. So that's positive too because we don't anticipate a major migration effort, if you will, when
we get to that, which is still at some point in the future.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Really terrific new sales results. Just to add to what Lisa asked at the beginning there. Just thinking about
ROI on your sales investments. Did you lean in really hard in this quarter there? And I'm sure everyone
was motivated to drive sales, but could we see more return on some incremental investments as you go
throughout the fiscal year? I'm just trying to understand the timing of some of the investments you put in
place? And also if there's any call-outs on pricing, on new deals, especially on the enterprise side?

Kathleen A. Winters

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes. So on the sales investment, what I would say is maybe think about 2 big buckets in terms of
investment from a headcount perspective and continuing to invest in marketing and digital marketing.
The headcount investment, we kind of try to do that on a very steady pace over time, and that's
been consistent with how we thought about it and approached it. It was somewhat modest headcount
investment in Q1, and that will ramp up during the course of the year. We're planning to continue to focus
on and do that. And for sure, have committed funding and resources, if you will, from a digital marketing
perspective to help support the bookings.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Perfect. And then, on pricing, anything -- any call-outs there?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

No. It's really -- we really don't see any -- I'm sure, I know we did, and I think some of our competitors
did things to try to help our clients. And even in some cases, prospects, like there's a couple of examples
of people giving away like 3 free months and I think 1 competitor was doing 6 free months, et cetera, but
-- and 1 competitor changed their pricing online, but then changed it back a couple of months later. So I
would say there's nothing to report. There's really very little change in the pricing environment. This is not
-- I don't think this is really a question of pricing. I don't think you can impact end demand in a significant
way in this environment through that. That would not be -- certainly wouldn't be -- would be our view that
that's not how to drive growth.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great to hear. Great to hear. Just my quick follow-up just on PEO and sort of the sales outlook there, given
some of the same caution and uncertainty with the election and maybe insurance, do you -- are you more
bullish or less bullish on PEO here as we go into the second quarter here versus 90 days ago?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

I'm always bullish on the PEO. I was born in the PEO and -- as you know. So I think the -- I think as
usual, my answer has to be, if you look at the short term, we have a lot of pressure in some parts of our
business because of the health care situation. And the question is, do you want to look through that? Or
do you want to stay focused on it? So for example, in the PEO, when you have clients shrinking, we, from
a discipline standpoint, have some rules around that can sometimes affect -- creates adjustments, if you
will, in our sales results that puts pressure in the short term on the sales results, i.e., call it, audits, if you
will.

So if a client was sold and was valued at $1,000. And 12 months later, they're now valued at $900
because they're paying fewer people, and we're collecting less revenue, which, as you can imagine, is
happening with the majority of our clients, that affects our PEO sales results. So I would say that, the
fact that workers' comp and SUI prices and costs have come down, which is part of the revenue picture,
there's a lot of short-term transitory things. But I would say, on a unit basis, our results were very good
in the quarter, and we're very happy with that. And I would say that, again, if there's any businesses
that are going to be even more from a pure positioning standpoint, stronger coming out of the pandemic,
the comprehensive outsourcing businesses, which PEO is one of them, should be very compelling value
propositions because as people look back a year or 2 from now, they might be thinking, I really don't want
to go through that again.

Like I don't want to be figuring out how to process -- forget about payroll because that -- we have
that covered. But most people -- a lot of our clients do not use us for health benefits, processing or
management of open enrollment. They don't use us for time and attendance. They don't use us for

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

workers' compensation. And our comprehensive solutions take care of the entire picture. And I think if
you're a small and midsized business, if I were you, I'd be thinking about making that change, maybe not
right now because you've got other things that you're focused on. But I think 6 to 12 months from now,
I would expect people to be seriously considering any options they have to deal with multiple things that
are very critical to the ongoing operations and to their employees, but they may not have thought of pre-
pandemic.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America.

Mihir Bhatia
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

This is Mihir on for Jason. Maybe I can just follow-up a little bit on bookings. If you could maybe just talk a
little bit about trends you saw in F 1Q and what you're seeing even now, I guess, between small, medium
and large, anything different worth calling out that we should be considering? And then just relatedly on
bookings, was there any negative booking adjustment in the F 1Q booking number?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

I'm sorry, negative adjustment in which Q?

Mihir Bhatia
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

In the first -- in the booking number this quarter, like in terms of the bookings number this quarter, like...

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

We had a minor -- I would say we had a minor -- we talked about last quarter that we had taken some
reserves because we expected to have, obviously, clients that were going to cancel their orders and so
forth to [ abuse ] layperson's terms. And I think that's exactly what happened. And I think our -- we did
reverse some of that reserve. But it was actually very much in line with the actual client. Look, we had
identified -- we didn't do this kind of at a very high level, like we had specific clients when we booked that
reserve in our "bookings." We had identified a list of clients that we thought were probably going to cancel
in this first quarter. And I believe the 2 things...

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes. And so we utilized -- we basically utilized a portion of that reserve, which is a normal course of how it
happens. I guess Q4 was just an outsized amount for that, we call it the backlog adjustment. It was just
outsized, obviously, because of the COVID impact and a portion of that was utilized in Q1, but nothing
significant other than that.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

I think it's safe to say it would not have made a difference. I mean it clearly would have made a difference
if we hadn't had the reserve.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

If we hadn't, right.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

But if you want to know what our gross bookings performance was, it was not affected by our gross
bookings performance. That did not affect our gross bookings performance. You would have had basically
the same picture.

Mihir Bhatia
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Understood. And then just any trends between just small, medium or large businesses, what we were
seeing this quarter?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Other than noise, I think we -- probably the strongest performance was in the downmarket because much
to everyone's surprise, like there is strong business formation. And we saw that as kind of -- we think we
talked about that on our last call, a remarkable recovery in small business very quickly at the beginning
of the pandemic, both in terms of pays per control and kind of all categories, including this kind of new
business formation. And I would probably add a note of caution there that to me is counterintuitive.
And whenever in my career, I've seen something that doesn't make sense. It generally -- I think there's
probably a little bit of payback at some point. I'm hoping I'm wrong because if there is a relatively quick
solution to the health care crisis, it's possible that the government managed to get small business through
this relatively unscathed through PPP and all the other things that they've done. But in general, it's a
counterintuitive kind of situation, but we'll take it. It's -- it was positive.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes. The other areas where we saw some particular strength, I think, we mentioned already on the
international side, particularly Canada was very strong for the quarter. And also our compliance services
area, so things like employment verification, unemployment claims, things like that, more compliance
services related stuff. So a very strong, great performance in the quarter.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

It's a great point, like, we don't always talk about some of these businesses that we have that are very
good businesses that we call them stand-alone businesses. And we did have some good tailwinds from
some of those businesses this quarter. But again, I would tell you that they don't change the overall
picture, but important to note that those were helpful.

Mihir Bhatia
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Understood. And then just if I could follow-up real quick on your EBIT margin guidance. You had a pretty
nice raise in the guidance. And I was just wondering, how much of that is driven by the stronger top line
outlook versus changes in your expectations for expenses? I know you mentioned an extra $25 million in
transformation savings, but were there other factors? Because it doesn't look like it's just float income,
didn't change all that much. So anything else you could give us there?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

I would say it's safe to assume that most of it is a result of that. But that -- I don't want to take away
from us in terms of our execution because if we have higher revenue, we also, frankly, have more clients,
more employees to pay. So to the extent that we believe we can hold the line on expenses -- some
companies, you have to cut expenses. In our case, we just have to hold a line, and that's probably good
news. But I would say that mathematically, you're on the right track, which is -- that's a big factor. The
incremental revenue is -- a lot of it is flowing to the bottom line and helping our margins.

Kathleen A. Winters

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes, definitely. That incremental high-margin revenue is the biggest contributor. But also, as we said, look,
we've been really focused on making sure we're doing a good job on cost control. We're keeping a close
watch on headcount. We talked about investment in sales, but other than sales we're really controlling
everywhere else from a headcount perspective. Very tight on discretionary costs. Transformation work is
coming along very nicely. We did a little bit better with the higher retention, better on bad debt expense in
Q1. We think we're cautious about that because we think it could come and hit us in Q2 and Q3. So we've
built that into our expectation. But those were the contributors.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ramsey El-Assal from Barclays.

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I wanted to ask about the contribution to bookings performance of delayed kind of bookings getting
realized this quarter versus sort of net new bookings. I'm just trying to understand the contribution from
maybe sort of a backlog of delayed bookings and how material that was? And then also to just understand
whether there's sort of a pipeline of these delays that should flow in -- kind of continue to flow in as we
get a little deeper into the year? Or was there more of sort of a onetime catch-up that happened in the
quarter with some of these delayed deals, if that makes sense?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

I'd say the only place where it's really meaningful and quantifiable is probably in the international space,
where we had -- I think I mentioned a few GlobalView deals that were delayed, if you will, but that's really
not a -- I wouldn't call it -- that's not something that was in the -- necessarily in the backlog because we
hadn't sold it yet. So we don't actually book a sale until -- it doesn't go into the backlog until we get a
contract. And so these were things that were in process, if you will, or in the sales process. And maybe
we thought it was going to close in May or June. But by the way, maybe it wouldn't have even without a
pandemic, like there's really no way to -- this is all, frankly, speculation stuff that we do when we get into
these kinds of conversations. But I'd say that's the place where it feels like we had a few large deals that
we thought were going to close in the fourth quarter and didn't, by the way, client decisions, not us trying
to move them from 1 quarter to the other. We want to get business as fast as we can. So we are always
trying to book everything as quickly as we can.

But couple -- some client delays in the international space, it's really not, honestly, a factor in the
downmarket and very small factor in the mid-market in terms of controllability. Like we can't really
sway our clients that easily from one way to the other, maybe a little bit of that in the upmarket and in
international, but you really can't do that in a downmarket and the mid-market. So I would say, there's
a difference between -- I guess I'm not sure what the nature of the question is, but I think I already said
that there could have been some -- in some segments of our sales force if you have a terrible year and
you're in the last month and you're not going to make the year, there's sometimes the tendency for people
to hold and start that business in July. But I think you saw in our comments that August and September
were also strong. So it doesn't feel like -- and people don't like hold something from May and June and
then book it at the last day of September. They typically put it in the first week of July.

And so -- again, based on my experience and what I've seen here over the years, there was probably a
little bit of that, didn't make a material difference in the sales results and it is where it is. We had great --
we had a great start, and I think great execution. And besides us leaning into our sales investments, the
really big difference maker here is our sales force leaned in to drive results, right? And we're incredibly
grateful to them for that.

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

All right. That helps a lot. I appreciate it. And just a quick follow-up. On the -- if you could give us an
update on the rollout of the Next Gen HCM and the payroll engines, relative to, let's say, 3 months ago or
4 months ago, how do you think COVID is going to impact the rollout of some of the Next Gen technology?
Is it going to be -- you've mentioned some delays I think, previously, but how is it looking now?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Well, we had -- I think we had a good quarter, like I was -- frankly, any client, to me, is a good client, is
good news. And I think we had 3 or 4. I think Danny probably...

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

That's right. Yes, we had a couple of them, good sales.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

So we had some sales like closed. In other words, we got people to sign contracts in the quarter. Like, I
don't know about anybody else, but I'm not signing a lot of contracts in this kind of environment, like we
just -- the whole focus of this call is how we're focused on prudent expense management and trying to
keep expenses down. So when people are coming to me, selling me things, I'm generally not a big signer
on those types of things. It just shows, I think, the value of -- our value proposition that people are still
signing up because I think they believe that it will not only help them in the short term, but that perhaps it
can make them more efficient even in the short term. So I think that is a good sign, right, of the strength
of our products and the solutions and the pitch that we have. But that was good news. I mean we were
pleasantly surprised.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

And we have several dozen, I think, in implementation -- active implementations right now. So the
sales are continuing. The backlog, the implementations continue to scale up. So really no significant or
substantial change in the outlook.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

I think besides the sales, we actually started I think, a number of clients as well, 3 or 4 also? Yes.

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor Relations

Yes, we're in the double digits now.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

These are clients. So we actually sold new clients, new contracts that are now going to go into the
implementation process, but we had clients that were in the implementation process, a few of which
delayed starting in the fourth quarter, but then we started them here in the first quarter. So I would say
that's all good news. And on Next Gen Payroll, you heard what we said, we sold 100, which again, I think
is pretty damn good news, like in this kind of environment.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steven Wald from Morgan Stanley.

Steven Matthew Wald
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

So I'd love to come back to the margin. I know it's been beaten over the head, but maybe just a couple
of other sort of ways to look at it. It seems like the way you're looking at it going forward is, if macro
cooperates, the higher-margin pieces of the revenue could drop to the bottom line and drive incremental
upside from here. Is that the right way to think about it? And generally, should we assume that implicit in
the remaining 3 quarters of the year, the lower margin implicit assumption for at least a couple of those
quarters is really more dependent on the macro than it is on your pace of investment, which I think we
may be collectively thought was going to be more robust and the headwind relative to what it ended up
being this quarter?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

So I mean, just to clarify, remember, we outperformed not because we stopped investing or didn't invest
as much as we said we were going to invest. It's because we outperformed on the top line, right, in terms
of our revenue. Even though some of it was clearly expense management and so forth. But I would say
that the answer to that question is that it's hard to wrap your head around our economic -- I know it's
hard because most companies don't operate this way. But for example, the better things get in terms of
the macroeconomic, the more we're going to invest. And I know that's not going to make some people
happy. But like, for example, our fourth quarter, like our fourth quarter, like if things play out the way we
plan in terms of the original guidance, this is not -- we're not changing anything on you.

But like our fourth quarter where we have easier comps, we would also expect to have great sales results,
right? And those great sales results on a comp basis will also bring with them sales expense. And to
the extent we can get some of these clients started and our sales results improve, we're going to start
also investing more and stepping on the accelerator on implementation expenses. So this is all carefully
planned, carefully controlled, as Kathleen was alluding to. Like this is not some kind of free-for-all in terms
of expenses, but this is an amazing economic model. I don't know if you can see what we just delivered
and what we're telling you that, assuming that the situation cooperates with us, we probably will be either
flat to slightly up in terms of revenue for the year. So that would mean that we'll continue our streak of
ADP of never being negative revenue growth, which is pretty remarkable, right?

We had a massive decline in volume in the last quarter, massive declines in new business bookings. And
you see now -- now granted, this is not what we are targeting like we'd like to have high single-digit
revenue growth. So it's kind of weird that we're excited about flat, but it's all about the context, and it's
all about relativity. So it's really a great economic model. But the economic model is a long-term economic
model. You have to invest in sales, implementation and product to drive the results. This is not -- we're
not running the business quarter-to-quarter. And what that means is the minute we see the sunshine,
the sun shining, we're going to become bullish. It doesn't mean that our expenses are going to get out of
control, but you will see our sales and our implementation expenses gradually come up. And along with
that, at some point, our service expenses as well. But that's great because the most important driver of
long-term value of this company is growth. It's not what the margin is next quarter or this year.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes, just some more color from my perspective. I mean I would just say, look, we continue to be -- as
we always have been very, very focused on growth and efficiency, and becoming more and more efficient
every day. So we're going to continue to invest where it makes sense for growth and for efficiency. So we
talked about sales headcount and continuing to support that investment. Investment in product and we
invest in efficiency. All of the digital work that we're doing isn't -- doesn't come for free. You have to make
investments to be able to drive that efficiency improvement. So we're focused on all of that, and we're
going to continue to do that.

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor Relations

And Steve, just one last thing to tie it back to our guidance. You're right, certain macro factors will have
an outsized impact for the next 2 quarters. And so what we've contemplated is pressure in retention and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

pays per control, both of which come at high incremental margins. If ultimately, those come out better
than forecast, then as you suggest, it would represent upside to margin.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

And there's a few others, like Kathleen mentioned, bad debt expense is also something that, frankly, has
been shocking in the last 6 months where we've had, honestly, like decreases in our bad debt expense,
which makes no sense at all. So hopefully, that will continue, but we didn't plan for that. I think we didn't
roll forward 3 quarters of lower bad debt expense.

Steven Matthew Wald
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Right. Okay. That's all very helpful. And then maybe as my follow-up there, I think it was asked a little
bit before, but Carlos, you were just talking about it a little bit ago there of just kind of wanting to grow
mid- to high single digits. If we rewind the tape back to January and you guys talked about the markets
you were in and how you were growing, it sort of seemed like the way to think about it was you were
generally growing in line with the market. And I think your earlier comments indicated next few years
should be an uptick but there's going to be choppiness, of course. I guess I'm curious how you guys think
of ADP's positioning relative to other platforms and, obviously, you had a really strong quarter. But for the
last several years, you've seen a lot of other platforms growing in excess off of much lower basis. I'm just
curious how you think about it today versus 6 months ago versus a year ago, if we are to see this uptick in
HCM demand and outsourcing demand, where you feel about ADP's positioning in that market?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Well, I would answer that question just by saying that we just invested hundreds of millions of dollars in
new platforms in our key markets because we intend to take market share.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kevin McVeigh from Crédit Suisse.

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Kathleen, you talked about kind of out-of-business and the guidance looks like it calls for kind of elevated
losses in Q2 and Q3. Did it bottom in Q1 and gets better? And then I guess just along those same
lines, can you talk about -- is there a way to also frame clients that are maybe still in business but not
processing at this point? So I guess 2 different questions. I'm just trying to get a sense of, a, where's the
out-of-business, did it bottom Q1 and then improves in Q2, Q3? And then is there a way to frame clients
still in business that maybe aren't processing at this point?

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes. So on the first thing, the out-of-business, I would not say it bottomed at all. In fact, we did not see
a significant impact from out-of-business in Q1. I think the shoe has yet to drop there is how I would say
it. And that's what we are forecasting and guiding that we're going to see some pressure from that in Q2
and Q3? Does it come in Q2? Is there more stimulus that helps support it? And we don't see it in Q2 and
maybe it didn't come until Q3. I don't know, but we're planning, I think we're cautious about it. And we're
planning to see that in -- that pressure in Q3 -- Q2 and Q3, sorry.

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

And on your question about clients not processing. We did mention that a number of small businesses
restarted in the first quarter, but there is still a sizable chunk of companies that have gone inactive and
remain in that state.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

And to be clear, there's -- just in case there's a misunderstanding there. That has nothing to do with our
business bookings, right? So that affects our revenue and affects our losses to some extent, but this is
unrelated to business bookings, because the word restart might confuse some people.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes. So it's higher than it would be in a normal period. It come down from where it was at the peak in
probably April, May, June. It's come down from there, but it's still higher than normal situation.

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. And just to wrap that point, Carlos, it's fair to say that with the stimulus, it probably helped those
inactives a little bit that maybe would have fallen into bankruptcy, is that a fair way to think about it, too?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

No question about it.

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Cool. And then just real quick, it looks like the midpoint of the revenue guidance for ES is a 300 basis
point improvement versus 150 basis point improvement for the PEO, any puts and takes to -- I know
it's not 1:1, but is it just kind of the client mix that where you're seeing a little bit more upside on ES as
opposed to PEO? Or just any thoughts around that?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

No, other than -- that's actually a great question, which we'll go back now and decompose that because
we hadn't looked at it that way, at least I hadn't. But I would say my instinct would tell me that has more
to do with how the operating plan was built than any macroeconomic or other major explanation. So
honestly, I wouldn't read much into that.

Operator

And we'll take our last question from Mark Marcon from Baird.

Mark Steven Marcon
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Just with regards to the bookings performance this quarter, to what extent do you think it was due to the
sales force basically recalibrating and being able to get out and getting more at-bats relative to higher
batting average, so in terms of thinking about the win rates? And then I have a follow-up with regards to
Next Gen.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

That's a great question. And I have some sense of that from looking at the data, right, from the quarter.
And I would say that our win rates are in line, I think, a little bit better in some cases against a few
competitors, which makes us very happy. But I would say there's not a lot to report there that, that is I

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

think good news, but consistent, if you will, in general. So it's probably more the former, right, which is
the at-bats. And I -- you could almost use the -- what I call as the traffic analogy, right? So ever since the
pandemic started, whenever I go out on the roads, I do the traffic check and traffic is much higher and
has been much higher over the last 2 or 3 months than it was in March and April, and that probably has
something to do with probably just people on the street, but people on the streets turn into people buying
things and people going to restaurants and people going back to their workplaces and so forth. So I hate
to be so crass and so simplistic.

But I think that ADP is a very large company, which we're very proud of, and the gravitational pull of GDP
and economic activity is strong in both directions. And I think we benefited a lot from -- I think it's safe to
say better than most people. I mean I think this is not an ADP issue. I think most economists have raised
their expectations about GDP. Unemployment is lower than everyone thought, even though labor force
participation is lower. In general, things are better than people thought they were going to be in, call it,
May, June, at this point, and we have benefited from that. I think that's -- I wish I could take more credit
and give you a more complicated answer, but I think that is the -- that is actually what's happening, and
the traffic is up for sure.

Mark Steven Marcon
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Great. And then just a short-term and a long-term question. The short-term one is basically just as we're
here in the key fall selling season, how do you view, Carlos, the kind of the mix dynamics with regards
to, hey, there's more uncertainty, there's this resurgence with regards to COVID, there's the election,
perhaps not a lack of stimulus. But at the same time, things are more complicated. HR is more central.
How does that end up impacting kind of the new sales, the bookings expectation, just here in the core
selling season?

And then the longer-term question is, Next Gen Payroll, Lifion, they've gotten really nice awards. You've
obviously been inhibited by the pandemic in terms of being able to go out there and talk about it with
clients. But when things get a little bit back to normal, how would you expect the penetration of those
elements to go over the next year, 2 years, 3 years? Like when would we see a big -- a bigger penetration
because they've done really good rewards?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I think on the first part of your question, it's -- of course, the last question, of course, has to be the
downer question because I think that's a hard one for me to -- I've been so optimistic the whole call, so I
hate to like bring us all down. But based on what I'm seeing right now, both in the U.S. and in Europe and
the fact that this is our key selling season, I wish I could tell you that I'm incredibly excited and bullish
and so forth. I just want to get through this damn thing, right, and get out to the other side. And I'm
looking forward more to the third and fourth quarter and the fourth quarter and the next fiscal year than
I am to the next 2 or 3 months because the combination of the election with -- I mean, you guys all see
the same thing that we're seeing. And again, you got to apply the test of common sense. And the test
of common sense would tell me that this is a -- let's just try to keep us upbeat. Let's just call it a fluid
situation.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

If it's fluid, then it's going to be choppy, right? I mean we saw when we recovered from the last recession
that it was choppy. And I'm fully expecting it's going to be choppy this time around too, particularly right,
we're in Q2, we're in the fall, going into the winter, it's cold. We've got areas where there's resurgences
that people might be hunkering down again. So Q2 might be challenging. But even in normal situations,
normal years, right, bookings are going to be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. I'd focus more on the full year, the
annual and the longer-term view.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Yes. And again, of course, we also thought that the first one was going to be terrible, and it turned out
to be home run. So they can go -- easily go the other way. But I'm a man of like I speak the truth, right,
in terms of what I know and what I think at the time. And I spoke the truth in our last earnings call and,
obviously, I was wrong because things turned out to be much better. And I hope that happens here,
again, but that's my story, and I'm sticking to it. But 1 quarter or 2 quarters or 3 is not going to make a
difference in ADP's long-term trajectory.

What matters is the second part of your question, which is what do we intend to do? What do we expect
in terms of penetration rates and rollout of kind of our Next Gen platforms? And by the way, it's not just
about Next Gen, like, I hope you guys understand that we are making some fairly sizable investments,
ongoing investments in Workforce Now. Workforce Now, now we have a version, if you will, I shouldn't
call it a version, but Workforce Now is also on AWS, in the cloud. So we've completely rebuilt Workforce
Now to be as modern as Next Gen, as Lifion and as our Next Gen Payroll engine. We also have been doing
an enormous amount of work on RUN in the same vein, both at the guts of it in terms of the technology
stack, but also on the user experience. You know what the investments we made in data cloud.

You know what we have with ADP marketplace so this has been, across the board, increase in investment
over methodically over the last 6 to 7 years that I'd just summarize it by saying what I said once before,
our intention is to have all of these things parlayed into taking market share and growing ADP faster than
market and faster than the economy.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer portion for today's call. I am pleased to hand the program over to
Carlos Rodriguez for closing remarks.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Well, thank you all of you for listening. Again, in summary, I just want to, once again, I think, complement
the -- our associates and our leadership team for incredible execution in the short term. But I hope you
also heard our commitment to the long term, both in terms of sales, R&D, client service and all the things
that drive growth and long-term value for our shareholders and hopefully for all of you who represent
them. We remain committed to expense management, to digital transformation, all the things that
Kathleen said, but we are somewhat beholden to, obviously, the circumstances around the economy and
the health care crisis. But we remain optimistic that this is -- and it's the reason for optimism. This is a
transitory situation that we're going to get through it, hopefully, in the next 3 to 6 months to the point
where things gradually start to get back to normal. And then ADP can get back to the normal growth rates
that we're used to.

So thank you, again, and appreciate your support and you listening to us. And I hope that all of you
continue to stay healthy and safe. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you
may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

