Baker Hughes Company NYSE:BKR
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 22, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(1.04)

0.11

NM

0.04

(0.87)

0.44

Revenue  (mm)

5618.86

5425.00

(3.45 %)

5212.51

21177.88

20636.78

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-22-2020 1:28 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.19

0.24

0.31

(1.04)

0.20

0.21

0.27

0.11

SURPRISE

5.26 %

(12.50 %)

(12.90 %)

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Judson Edwin Bailey
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Angeline Marie Sedita
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Sean Christopher Meakim
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

William Andrew Herbert
Simmons & Company
International, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company First Quarter 2020 Earnings
Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.

I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Sir, you may begin.

Judson Edwin Bailey
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes First Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell.
The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com.

As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions.
Please review our SEC filings and website for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other non-GAAP to GAAP
measures can be found in our earnings release.

With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. The first quarter of 2020 was
challenging for Baker Hughes and the rest of the industry due to the turmoil and economic fallout created
from the COVID-19 pandemic as well as the significant decline we saw in oil and gas prices. Even with
these ongoing disruptions, we produced solid results in our TPS and OFS businesses during the quarter
and generated over $150 million in free cash flow despite typical seasonal headwinds.

Overall, I'm extremely proud of our team for the level of focus and perseverance through an extraordinary
set of circumstances. The strength of our company and diversity of our product portfolio is most apparent
in times like these. From the execution of our HSE, operations and supply chain teams in the face of a
crisis to the continued emphasis on maintaining our balance sheet strength and the strong backlog of our
work in our TPS segment, Baker Hughes is uniquely positioned to navigate the challenges we face as an
industry.

Since we last spoke on our fourth quarter earnings call in late January, it's an understatement to say that
the macro environment has changed rapidly. The sudden demand shock to global GDP from COVID-19,
combined with the rising global oil supply, drove a 67% decline in oil prices during the first quarter.
Looking forward, the outlook for oil supply and demand appears equally uncertain.

On the demand side, U.S. GDP is forecasted to decline by 40% or more in the second quarter, while global
GDP is expected to contract meaningfully for both the second quarter and the full year. This economic
shock is estimated to negatively impact global oil demand by 20 million to 30 million barrels per day in the
second quarter and by 9 million to 10 million barrels per day for 2020 as a whole.

On the supply side, recent events have proven even more dynamic with initial indications in March of
a likely increase in production from some of the world's largest producers during the second and third
quarters. There are now signs that the dramatic collapse in oil demand and the quickly growing threat
to global storage capacity could prompt a quicker supply response with production shut-ins in the United
States potentially complementing production cuts that were agreed to by the OPEC+ countries last week.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

For the natural gas and LNG market, the excess supply the industry encountered earlier this year is likely
to be compounded by the decline in economic activity. However, we also agree with the view that the gas
markets may correct slightly faster than oil markets as the decline in associated U.S. gas production could
lift North American prices sooner than previously thought. Longer term, we remain positive on the medium
to long-term outlook for natural gas and LNG prices as well as LNG's role as a transition fuel and as a
destination fuel.

Considering these factors, 2020 will likely continue to be a very difficult year for the energy sector due to
the magnitude of near-term oil demand degradation regardless of the outcome on the supply side in the
coming months. Looking into 2021, the outlook remains unclear and will largely be driven by the pace of
economic recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and the supply response that ultimately materializes.
As a result of this uncertain market, we at Baker Hughes are taking multiple steps to prepare for what is
likely to be a sharp reduction in activity levels and delays to project FIDs.

For our OFS segment, we now believe that North America drilling and completion spend is likely to
contract in 2020 by at least 50% versus 2019. This view is based on our conversations with customers,
the wave of recently revised E&P budget announcements and our own expectations that private operators
are likely to act in a similar or more severe fashion than public E&Ps. The higher percentage of production-
related businesses in our North American portfolio typically acts as a buffer to the more volatile drilling
and completion-related product lines. However, we would caution that in the current environment, we may
not see as much resilience as operators look to conserve cash. We believe this could impact sales of ESPs
and production chemicals as customers shut-in wells and Lower 48 production likely declines over the next
12 to 18 months.

Internationally, we expect that the combination of lower oil prices and the impacts from COVID-19
pandemic to contribute to a double-digit decline in spending in 2020 versus 2019. Regionally, we expect
Latin America and Sub-Saharan Africa to see the sharpest near-term declines, followed by the North Sea.
In the Middle East, we expect the combination of ongoing projects and the emerging natural gas focus
could make spending modestly more resilient.

On a longer-term basis, we believe that a key consideration at the other end of this crisis will be the role
of North American shale versus other low-cost producers in meeting global demand. While it's still too
early to predict, we believe it is prudent to contemplate a shift in this balance over the next few years
relative to what we have witnessed over the last decade.

For Digital Solutions, which is the other short-cycle business in our portfolio, we expect revenue and
margins to remain under significant pressure in the near term before normalizing in the second half of
2020, assuming improving economic activity. As a reminder, we have typically framed DS as a diversified
GDP-plus business with exposure across a broad number of end market from oil and gas to power and
other industrial markets. Given its presence in North America, Europe and Asia Pacific and its exposure
to end markets like aerospace and automotive, we expect that orders and revenue for DS will likely be
meaningfully impacted by global GDP declines as well as oil and gas trends.

For the long-cycle businesses in our portfolio, which are primarily driven by LNG and offshore
development, we expect that the combination of constrained customer cash flow and economic uncertainty
will likely delay a number of projects. In our OFE segment, we expect to see industry subsea tree orders
around 100 trees or fewer versus the last 2 years of approximately 300 trees ordered annually. For TPS,
we expect the uncertain environment to result in fewer LNG FIDs in 2020, as operators delay sanctioning
decisions in order to better assess the economic and commodity price outlook. We expect to see a similar
dynamic for the onshore/offshore production segment within TPS with only a few large-scale offshore
projects likely to move forward this year.

In order to navigate this uncertain environment that will undoubtedly lead to lower activity levels,
we have taken decisive actions in our effort to cut costs, accelerate structural changes and deploy
technology and optimize processes that can lower costs for our customers. We have cut our expectations
for capital expenditures by over 20% compared to our prior estimate and have also begun to execute
on our restructuring plan that we expect to drive around $700 million in annualized savings across our
organization. These cost savings will be derived from reducing our head count, manufacturing footprint

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

and overhead costs for lower activity levels across multiple geographies. These cost-out initiatives
are designed to respond to near-term activity declines as well as anticipated longer-term structural
changes for the industry. Some of these actions are an acceleration of the broader structural changes we
have outlined over the past 2 quarters in order to drive improvement in margins and a greater level of
operating efficiency.

In addition to the acceleration of many of these initiatives, the early stages of this downturn have also
encouraged the deployment of cost-saving technologies with a growing number of customers around the
world. One example of this is our capability in remote drilling and completion operations. After establishing
a successful remote drilling track record in the Marcellus Basin, the North Sea and China, we are having
promising discussions with several customers about utilizing this technology going forward in an effort to
lower operating costs.

Another example of pushing forward with new technology is our ability to run a virtual string test, a
process that proves the engineering, functionality and performance of our Turbomachinery equipment.
We recently performed the virtual string test on the first compression train for Venture Global's Calcasieu
Pass project, which use cutting-edge virtual technology to connect 21 people in 5 cities around the world
to facilitate, run and observe the test.

Despite the downturn facing the industry and the cost-out initiatives we are executing, our corporate
strategy remains clearly focused on being the leading energy technology company to help the industry
facilitate the energy transition. Now more than ever, our customers will demand technology and solutions
for increased productivity and efficiency, both to achieve their carbon-reduction goals and to navigate the
current macro environment. This gives us an opportunity to engage with them on new commercial models
focused on outcomes and new technical and operational solutions focused on improving efficiency and
maximizing value.

Alongside our commitment to energy transition, we will continue to execute on our portfolio evolution
strategy to reshape the company over the coming years. The current market environment reinforces our
view on this strategic objective. Given the already challenged outlook for some product lines to generate
financial returns, which will be compounded by the decline in commodity prices and forecasted reduction
in activity levels, we are accelerating the exit of noncore product lines in multiple countries around the
world. For example, in North America, we are shutting down our full-service drilling and completion fluids
business and also ceasing operations in a number of smaller commoditized completions-driven businesses.

Although a near-term focus on our portfolio, our divestitures and some product line exits, we will continue
to evaluate opportunities to invest or partner in areas that generate more stable earnings and higher
returns. These actions align with our objectives of transitioning the portfolio to a higher mix of industrial
and chemical end markets and capitalizing on energy transition-related growth opportunities.

Before I turn the call over to Brian, I want to emphasize that the Baker Hughes portfolio remains uniquely
positioned. Our strong backlog of longer-cycle projects and aftermarket services provide stability while our
shorter-cycle businesses encounter pressure from the dramatic declines in activity. This balanced portfolio
operates across the energy value chain and makes us uniquely positioned to navigate the challenging
market environment the industry is currently facing.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Lorenzo. I'll begin with an overview of how we are positioning Baker Hughes to navigate the
challenges of this new macro environment. I will then walk through our results for the first quarter and
provide an update on our outlook as we see it today for the remainder of 2020.

After protecting the safety and health of our employees, our focus is, first and foremost, to maintain the
financial strength of the company as we manage through this downturn. We are committed to taking
all necessary actions to rightsize the business for the activity levels we expect to see over the coming
quarters. As a first step, we have approved a plan for restructuring and other actions totaling $1.8 billion,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

and we recorded $1.5 billion of this amount in the first quarter. These charges are primarily related to the
expected costs for reductions in workforce, product line exits in certain geographies and the write-down
of inventory and intangible assets. These actions are taking place across the business and our corporate
functions as we align our workforce with anticipated activity levels and remove management layers. We
expect cash expenditures from this restructuring plan to total approximately $500 million and for the cash
payback to be less than 1 year.

Given the projected magnitude of this downturn and other structural changes that could continue to evolve
for the industry, we conducted a very thorough process to identify additional cost-saving opportunities and
further improvements to our overall operating efficiency. We feel very confident in our ability to generate
significant cost savings from these initiatives in a short period of time and believe that these actions
position Baker Hughes to generate better returns and cash flows in the future.

These restructuring initiatives can be segmented into 3 major categories. The first, which is the largest,
are reductions in our head count and facilities footprint to adjust for lower levels of activity. The majority
of these cost savings will come from OFS and OFE.

The second category is the acceleration of broader structural changes we were already planning and have
outlined over the past 2 earnings calls. These initiatives include accelerating our transformation efforts in
global procurement and supply chain, shifting and consolidating our manufacturing base and expanding
the use of remote operations and multiskilling on a global basis. The initial target of this plan was to
drive significant operational and cost improvements in our service delivery capabilities over 24 months.
Although volume levels will clearly be lower than when we initially developed this plan, we believe that we
can still capture many of these cost savings.

Also included in this category are some of the product line exits that Lorenzo mentioned, which accelerates
the portfolio initiatives we introduced last September. By exiting some of the smaller commoditized
business lines in our portfolio, we will be rationalizing a small percentage of our OFS revenue base that
is dilutive to overall OFS margins and returns, allowing us to focus more on our core strengths. We
will continue to evaluate the portfolio as this market cycle unfolds, acting where required to address
businesses that do not meet our return to requirements.

The third category is simplification across the product companies in our entire organization. Through this
process, we have identified opportunities to streamline certain functions and are taking meaningful steps
in accelerating the flattening of our organizational structure. Not only will these actions help to lower
costs, but should also lead to better informed decisions and faster response times to customer needs and
changes in the ever-evolving business environment. Overall, we estimate that the annualized savings from
these restructuring initiatives are around $700 million, which we plan to achieve by late 2020.

Next, I will turn to liquidity and the strength of our balance sheet. Over the past 2.5 years, we have
remained disciplined in order to prepare the company for potential periods of extreme volatility or
prolonged downturn. Based on the current macro outlook, we will likely be facing both. Our goal through
this downturn is to remain disciplined in our capital allocation, focus on liquidity and cash preservation and
to protect our investment-grade rating while also maintaining our current dividend payout.

While some strategic opportunities may arise from this downturn, we will remain diligent and financially
conservative. We continue to view our financial strength and liquidity as a key differentiator. Cash and
cash equivalents totaled $3 billion at the end of the quarter, which is further supported by a revolving
credit facility of $3 billion and access to commercial paper and other uncommitted lines of credit. At the
end of the quarter, we had no borrowings outstanding under the revolver, the commercial paper program
or uncommitted lines. Our next debt maturity is in December 2022.

We have taken several actions to help the company navigate through this uncertain environment from a
cash perspective. Our revised expectations for lowering net capital expenditures by over 20% versus 2019
is an important part of our plan. We also continue to evaluate our research and development spend and
will be diligent to adjust where appropriate depending on market conditions. We will continue to relook our
cost position as this downturn unfolds, adjusting our resource levels as market conditions dictate.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Now I will walk through the total company results. Orders for the quarter were $5.5 billion, down 3%
year-over-year. Remaining performance obligation was $22.7 billion, down 1% sequentially. Equipment
RPO ended at $7.9 billion, down 3% sequentially, and services RPO ended at $14.9 billion. Our total
company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.0, and our equipment book-to-bill in the quarter was 1.0.
Revenue for the quarter was $5.4 billion, down 15% sequentially. Year-over-year, revenue was down 3%,
driven by declines in TPS, Digital Solutions and OFE partially offset by growth in OFS.

Operating loss for the quarter was $16.1 billion. Our first quarter results included a number of onetime
items, including a $14.8 billion goodwill impairment, $1.5 billion in restructuring, inventory and intangible
impairment charges and $41 million in separation-related expense. We also estimate that the COVID-19
pandemic had a negative impact to our operating income of approximately $100 million.

Both Digital Solutions and TPS experienced supply chain disruptions, primarily in China and Europe, that
impacted volume levels. In addition, TPS, OFS and OFE were negatively impacted by travel- and work-
related restrictions as well as rig and site shutdowns related to the pandemic. Our efforts to perform
customer-related activities remotely helped but could not offset the volume declines.

Adjusted operating income was $240 million, which excludes $16.3 billion of impairment, restructuring,
separation and other charges. Adjusted operating income was down 56% sequentially and down 12%
year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 4.4%, down 44 basis points year-
over-year.

Corporate costs were $122 million in the quarter. Depreciation and amortization was $355 million, flat
sequentially and up year-over-year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $20
million lower per quarter going forward as a result of the impairments we booked during the quarter. Tax
expense for the quarter was $5 million. GAAP loss per share was $15.64. Adjusted earnings per share
were $0.11, down $0.04 year-over-year.

Free cash flow in the quarter was $152 million. We delivered $183 million from working capital driven
by strong receivables performance and progress collections. Overall, we are very pleased with the
cash performance in the first quarter. We continue to remain focused on improving our working capital
processes and optimizing our cash performance.

As we look at the rest of 2020 for working capital, we expect to see lower levels of progress payments
given the uncertain market outlook. We anticipate this to be largely offset by the improvements we have
been driving in working capital processes across the franchise as well as the release of working capital
from lower expected revenues in OFS.

Now I'll walk you through the segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on the outlook
going forward, recognizing that the current environment is extremely dynamic with potential risk coming
from the COVID-19 pandemic as well as the significant weakness in oil and gas prices. Our expectations
are based on the current weakness in commodity prices persisting for the rest of 2020, and we assume
that economic conditions begin to improve in the third quarter. Importantly, our expectations assume that
some form of travel restrictions, strict social distancing and health and safety protocols remain in place
until the middle of the year and gradually begin to ease in the second half of the year.

In Oilfield Services, the team delivered a solid quarter despite the dramatic slowdowns in activity in North
America that began in March and multiple COVID-19 disruptions that developed internationally over the
last few weeks of the quarter. OFS revenue in the quarter was $3.1 billion, down 5% sequentially. North
America revenue was down 2% sequentially driven by declining rig count. International revenue was down
6% sequentially driven by typical seasonality. OFS revenue in the first quarter was modestly impacted by
COVID-19-related disruptions in supply chain as well as lower demand in the Asia Pacific region during the
extended economic shutdown. Operating income in the quarter was $206 million, down 12% sequentially
with margins declining 55 basis points. Year-over-year, margins were up 69 basis points. As I outlined
earlier, we're making several significant changes to the cost structure of our OFS business.

As we look ahead to the second quarter, we expect the North America market to decline at least 50%
as operators release rigs and frac crews at a rapid pace in response to the significantly lower oil prices.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Internationally, we expect a low to mid-teens sequential decline driven by lower oil prices and disruption
from COVID-19 as travel restrictions and safety protocols impact the number of rigs working in multiple
regions. We believe that the aggressive cost actions we are taking will help to soften expected margin
pressures, but believe that our overall OFS margin rate will be lower.

As we look at the remainder of 2020 and try to assess the impact for our OFS segment, we expect U.S.
E&P spending to decline more than 50% versus 2019. As Lorenzo indicated earlier, our North America
OFS revenues could track industry spending and activity trends more closely than they have historically
as operators cut spending across drilling, completions and production. Internationally, we believe that
spending is likely to decline in the 10% to 15% range and that our strong position in the Middle East
should help our international revenue slightly outperform overall industry spending trends. For margins,
we believe that our cost actions can help to offset some of the activity pressures we're seeing in the
market.

Next, I'll cover Oilfield Equipment. The OFE team experienced challenges in the quarter from broader
COVID-19 impacts, specifically in Europe, where mobility restrictions and supply chain delays impacted
performance. Orders in the quarter were $492 million, down 36% year-over-year driven by no major
subsea tree awards in the quarter offset by strong flexibles orders in Brazil. Revenue was $712 million,
down 3% year-over-year. Revenue growth in subsea production systems was offset by declines in
surface pressure control in North America and lower subsea services revenues. Operating loss was $8
million driven by supply chain and mobility related delays from COVID-19, lower overall volume due to
seasonality and weaker results in our surface pressure control business. As mentioned earlier, we've
implemented a number of restructuring projects in OFE to align our workforce and capacity with lower
expected activity levels.

For the second quarter, we expect revenue to decline sequentially as growth in flexibles revenue is offset
by declines in surface pressure control and subsea services. We also expect slower backlog conversion
in SPS due to COVID-19 supply chain disruptions. With lower revenue and most of our cost actions not
impacting OFE until the second half of the year, we expect sequential operating income to also decline
modestly.

As we look at our OFE segment for 2020, we expect revenue in SPS and flexibles to still grow as the team
executes on current backlog while surface pressure control and subsea services will likely decline driven by
broader market dynamics. Overall, we estimate that this likely results in margins below 2019 levels.

Moving to Turbomachinery. Our TPS team delivered a strong first quarter, especially given the exceptional
circumstances over the past few months in Italy, where, as you know, TPS has the majority of its
operations. We received essential business designation from the Italian government and have been able
to maintain operations through the quarantine period due to our importance to the oil and gas markets.
While all of our plants are operational, we have not been running at full capacity and the situation remains
very fluid.

Orders in the quarter were $1.4 billion, up 10% year-over-year. Equipment orders were up 8% year-over-
year, and equipment book-to-bill was 1.4. We saw strong orders in our own offshore production segment,
booking a number of FPSO awards. Service orders in the quarter were up 11% year-over-year mainly
driven by growth in installations, upgrades and contractual services. Revenue for the quarter was $1.1
billion, down 17% versus the prior year. Equipment revenues were down 24% driven by supply chain
delays primarily related to COVID-19 and business dispositions. Services revenue was down 13% versus
the prior year due to COVID-19 mobility-related delays. Operating income for TPS was $134 million, up
13% year-over-year driven by product line mix and cost productivity, which more than offset the impact
we saw from COVID-19. Operating margin was 12.3%, up 326 basis points year-over-year.

For the second quarter, TPS faces continued volatility given the situation in Italy and the mobility-related
challenges as well as the overall macro backdrop, particularly for our shorter-cycle service businesses.
Based on these factors, operating income will likely decline on a sequential basis.

As we look at the rest of 2020 for TPS, we face a number of challenges but expect the business to show
resilience due to the record backlog built over the last 2 years. We expect growth in equipment revenue.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

However, we expect that lower oil and gas prices and COVID-related issues could impact service revenues
versus prior expectations. Based on these factors, we expect TPS operating income to be flat to modestly
lower than 2019 levels.

Finally, Digital Solutions was heavily impacted by COVID-19 as a significant portion of both the customer
base and supply chain was off-line during the quarter. The team executed incredibly well given the unique
and challenging circumstances. Orders for the quarter were $500 million, down 24% year-over-year driven
primarily by COVID-19-related demand disruptions. We saw declines in orders across all end markets,
most notably, aviation, automotive and power. Revenue for the quarter was $489 million, down 17%
year-over-year primarily due to lower convertible orders and volume slippages driven by COVID-19.
The Waygate Technologies and Bently Nevada product lines were most impacted as multiple deliveries
in Europe, North America and Asia Pacific were delayed as shutdown spread. Operating income for the
quarter was $29 million, down 57% year-over-year driven by lower volumes related to COVID-19.

In response to the disruption caused by the pandemic and current macro environment, we have taken
steps to furlough employees in some countries, and we are implementing structural changes to our
organization to operate more efficiently at lower cost. That said, we still expect near-term results in DS to
continue to be impacted by COVID-19 disruptions as well as the weak economic outlook and the oil and
gas environment. As a result, we expect revenue and operating income to be flat to slightly down on a
sequential basis in the second quarter.

For the full year, we expect revenue declines in the double digits as the current outlook for weak economic
activity weighs on results.

With that, I will turn the call back over to Lorenzo.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Brian. Before we move to Q&A, I wanted to spend a few moments to recognize and thank
the Baker Hughes team for what they are doing to take care of each other, our customers and the
communities around them impacted by the coronavirus pandemic.

We continue to support our communities with great acts of courage and kindness. Baker Hughes' global
additive teams in the U.S., Germany, Italy, the U.K. and Saudi Arabia have been working collaboratively
for weeks with local partners to identify, test and now safely deliver 3D printed parts critical for protective
gear needed by first responders. At our additive manufacturing facility in Talamona, Italy, additive experts
have started the production of 3D printed components for respirators, such as valves and adapters. Kits
for respirator masks have already been distributed in Italy, and more kits will be produced in partnership
with Baker Hughes additive manufacturing labs in both Florence, Italy and Montrose, Scotland. We are
committed to these efforts and looking beyond our business to apply the highest and best use of our
unique 3D printing capabilities to support the communities around us. All design time, labor and parts are
being donated.

These efforts are inspiring, and I'm extremely proud of our team in this difficult time. We are proud to be
part of a community of technologists who have come together to help contribute to mitigate the impact of
this worldwide pandemic.

Finally, I want to highlight that with our solid backlog of longer-cycle projects, our balanced portfolio and
our strong balance sheet, Baker Hughes remains uniquely positioned to navigate the challenging market
environment.
With that, let's open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from James West with Evercore ISI.

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And thanks for all the Baker Hughes is doing for first responders.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, James.

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

So Lorenzo, this downturn, I think, is different for Baker Hughes than previous downturns. You're in
a much different situation. You're a much larger company, you have better systems and you're not
hamstrung or hampered by the -- by some M&A type of activity. Could you perhaps -- I know you went
into some detail in your prepared comments, but if you could just describe how quickly, how swiftly and
how much ability you have to respond this time versus what Baker has seen in the past and how the past
is really not relevant in looking at how Baker might perform this time.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Sure, James. And as you say, a lot has changed for Baker Hughes since the last downturn of
2015-2016, and we believe that it's not a good reference for our current business as it is. As you recall,
in 2015-2016, Baker Hughes could not react to market conditions due to restrictions under its proposed
merger with Halliburton.

Since the creation of the new Baker Hughes business in July 2017, we have better visibility, improved
processes and systems in place to react quickly, and we mentioned some of that in the prepared remarks.
Maria Claudia and the OFS team have been executing on business transformation during the past few
years, and we're starting to see the benefits of that in the processes. Also, our engagement. As you know,
a big focus was on being close to the customers and especially in OFS. That's improved considerably. So
we're in continuous dialogue with the customers, helping to improve efficiencies and also looking at new
commercial offerings that we can apply at this time.

I'd also like to remind you that the portfolio of Big Hughes now is very different as well. We're not present
in the pressure pumping North America, and our mix is also of longer-cycle businesses as you look at TPS
and Oilfield Equipment. And we have an RPO of approximately $23 billion.

Overall, I'd say I'm pleased with our positioning. We've got a strong balance sheet and liquidity position,
and the team is ready for the challenges ahead.

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. That's great. That's good to hear. And then Lorenzo, big shift to remote operations during the first
quarter. I think probably some of this is going to be permanent in nature. Could you talk about how Baker
is enabling this shift? And do you agree with me that this is -- this could be somewhat semi-permanent
more remote operations, getting more people off the wellsite, off the rig site and creating better HSE
centers?

Lorenzo Simonelli

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, James, I think you're right. And one of the outcomes of the current environment and COVID is
that we're having more and more conversations with our customers that are interested and the kind of
technology and capability that we've been offering them. And there's an increased utilization of remote
drilling as well as virtual operations. We think that these benefits extend beyond just the current health
and safety factors that are beneficial at this time, but they also help operators really look at more efficient
and reduce nonproductive time. As we mentioned, in OFS, the rig drilling has actually been -- 60% of the
drilling performed in the first quarter was remote drilling, and that's the highest percentage to date.

We're also starting to see -- in TPS, you heard us talk about virtual string test that was conducted with
Venture Global on the Calcasieu Pass project for the first time. We've done this remotely. And we also
recently completed a virtual compression test for the LNG Canada. So we do expect that our technology
focus is the right area, and we'll continue to see it applied as we go forward with the customers.

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. And James, I would add that actually we've been doing a lot in remote operations and have a lot of
remote capabilities in TPS for some time. We've been using smart helmets for about 4 to 5 years now and
that's basically PPE equipment that has integrated video, audio and Google Glass. So an FE can actually
project what's going on with the machine, can pull up documents and see in Google Glass and can access
experts in that technology no matter where they sit in the world. We're migrating that to iPhone and iPad
to make it more available for our FEs. And then we also have been using virtual reality for some time in
training and are transitioning that into actual fieldwork, where we can bring RFEs, customer employees
into a virtual reality environment with people sitting in Florence or Houston or wherever they are in the
world and do walk-throughs before they repair things and actually solve problems quickly.

So I see this downturn is accelerating that, and we've got, like I said, quite a bit of experience there. So I
think there's a huge opportunity for us in the industry.

Operator

Our next question comes from Angie Sedita with Goldman Sachs.

Angeline Marie Sedita
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

So I really do appreciate, Brian, all the color you gave, and it's quite helpful. And so around Oilfield
Services really did have better-than-expected revenues and margins in Q1 given the market. And in light
of the cost-cutting efforts, can you give us additional color around the margin outlook for 2020? Anything
else you could add to your prepared remarks and decremental margin?

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Angie. Look, I think Maria Claudia and the team have been working to improve process and the cost
position of OFS as we've outlined in calls and meetings. And look, delivering 18% decrementals in the
quarter was good performance in this environment. Look, we're continuing to focus on cost efficiency, and
I think we can deliver strong margins in this environment despite all the headwinds that we see.

So look, as Lorenzo mentioned, '15-'16 is really not a good reference for how we think the OFS business is
going to perform now. We've got better systems in place. We've got better process in place to combat this.
And look, we've already started taking actions. Maria Claudia and the team got ahead of this and started
taking the restructuring actions in March, so early on.

So look, while it's difficult to give you a definitive decremental going forward, I can tell you that our goal
is really for our cost-out actions to offset the impacts of any pricing pressure that we may see during
this particular downturn and keep decrementals more in line with what historically been consistent with
activity level declines. Now obviously, in second quarter, may not be the case because the volume decline

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

is coming faster than you can take some of the costs out, and there's a lot of uncertainty going on this
quarter, particularly in North America. But I'd say for the full year, feel good about the decrementals being
in line with historical activity declines.

And I'd say, look, from an overall margin standpoint, we believe that margins will likely be down
significantly but I do think that the cost-out actions that we're taking will dampen the impact of the
volume decline, so fluid situation. Angie, Maria Claudia and the team are working it. We'll continue to
monitor the situation and see if we need to take more actions.

Angeline Marie Sedita
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Perfect. That's helpful. And then if you could also add on TPS and just talk about the service component, I
believe of revenues, I think 60% is service and 40% is equipment. And obviously, the CFAs are stable. But
can you talk about the other moving pieces? And just the timeline of the declines. Is it more immediate or
kind of ratable through the year and thoughts on '21?

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Angie, I think, in general, I would expect the services revenue to come under some pressure this
year. In addition to, I think, customers cutting budgets because of everything going on with commodity
pricing, the COVID-19 restrictions are also causing some delays in equipment deliveries and pickups.
There's some logistics backouts and those kind of things. And in some instances, it's restricting mobility of
field engineers. So there will be likely some immediate impact related to some FE travel.

And as you mentioned, to that 60% of the revenue in TPS is related to services, and you pointed out
contractual services primarily on LNG equipment. I would expect those revenues to be relatively stable.
There could be a modest decline if customers start to try to move around maintenance events and
minimize some OpEx. But as you recall, we've got guarantees around these contracts. And so we work
very closely with the customer and really drive when those outage events happen. There is some room to
move them around a little, but feel pretty good about the visibility there and that we'll continue to execute
on those within a short window.

The other area, transactional services, it's likely to be negatively impacted by the downturn. These are
immediate things that operators can do to save cash, have more control over moving, servicing around
in their spare parts inventory. So I think you could see that impacted more than contractual services. The
one thing I will say, Angie, going into this downturn versus 2014, it's customers don't have as much stock
on their shelves as they did going into that downturn. So I don't expect to see a large destocking like we
saw sort of in '15.

The other area of services is around upgrades and installations. And I think they could hold up reasonably
well while we could see some shorter-cycle business decline for services for pumps and valves, again, as
customers look to conserve cash in the near term.

So pulling all that together, Angie, the mobility-related things, I think you'll see more of an immediate
impact. And then in transactional services, you can see that more spread throughout the year as
customers work through their outage schedules and stocking levels. But over the long run, feel good about
the service franchise that we have and the team's working diligently to support customers, and some of
the remote technology I mentioned and the question that James asked are certainly helping.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America.

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So I guess first thing I want to hit on was really kind of free cash flow. Obviously, free cash flow was
strong seasonally at $152 million in 1Q. If we think about that free cash flow profile, obviously, a lot of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

that was coming from strong operating cash flow, which approached almost $500 million in 1Q. This is a
much better cash conversion than is typically -- than we typically see in 1Q. So maybe if you can kind of
talk through really what drove this, how much of that was prepayments versus kind of underlying better
cash conversion.

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Chase, I'd say -- look, I'm really happy with the performance on cash in the quarter. I'd say we did
see some progress collections favorability come through but nothing extraordinary, and we planned on
that. I'd say it's improvement in process across the board in our collections processes as well as overall
inventory management. I think -- again, we talked to you when we first came together about the work we
needed to do to improve cash processes, and you're starting to see the benefits of that come through.

Look, I'd say for the total year and how I look at free cash flow, I think given the visibility from the long-
cycle businesses and the service franchise, I think we can generate modest free cash flow for the year
despite the $800 million of cash restructuring and separation costs that will incur from a cash standpoint.
And again, that's $300 million that we've talked about previously for the separation and restructuring
projects that we had ongoing as well as the 500 that we launched here in the last few weeks. So if you
exclude that $800 million capital allocation decision for restructuring in the GE separation, that gives you a
good view of the operating strength of the company from a free cash flow standpoint.

Other thing I'd point out to you is that we do have some levers. We talked about cutting CapEx that --
more than 20% versus last year. I think depending on where activity levels play out over the rest of the
year, Chase, we could cut more. And then cash taxes are likely to be down versus 2019 and where we
thought they'd be coming into the year. So I think working capital, again, good process in place. I would
expect the progress collections to move around a bit, just given what we're seeing from some of the
larger orders. But I would expect the impact of lower progress collections to be largely offset with the
improvements that we've been driving and things we've got in place to continue to drive improvement in
working capital and then the lower working capital related to lower OFS revenue. So again, pleased with
what the teams have done. We think this business can generate 90% free cash flow conversion over time,
and I think the progress you saw in the first quarter is a good indicator of that.

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Yes, definitely. I appreciate the color there, Brian.

Kind of switching gears a little bit over to LNG. Lorenzo, you touched a little bit on kind of some of the
near-term macro headwinds that you're facing. But could you talk about orders this year? Probably going
to be a pretty skinny year of orders. But could you talk about your medium to longer-term outlook for
orders?

And then also, I've gotten a few questions about the risk of LNG backlog -- of your LNG backlog.
So maybe if you could talk to the risk around -- that you see to your backlog and if there were any
cancellations last downturn.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, Chase. As we mentioned, the uncertain environment is likely to result in fewer LNG FIDs in 2020 as
operators delay some of the sanctioning decisions in order to better assess the economic and commodity
price outlook. Hard to comment on any special specific projects, but we've already seen some larger
projects be delayed by operators right now where we still see a couple of smaller LNG projects likely
happening this year and perhaps 1 to 2 medium to large-scale projects still having a small chance of FID
later this year.

Fundamentally, from a macro perspective, medium to long-term growth outlook for LNG remains strong,
and we still expect global demand to be in the 550 to 600 MTPA range by 2030. And as you know, to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

produce that 550-600 MTPA by 2030, we're going to need to have approximately 650 to 700 MTPA of
nameplate capacity in place, which represents still significant growth from today's 460 MTPA. So again,
macro perspective still feel good, and we're continuing to stay close to our customers. And again, we'll see
some FIDs going through this year.

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. And Chase, specifically on the backlog, look, during the last downturn, we didn't see any cancellations
in LNG projects that had FIDed with us, and I was going through our history in LNG and can't recall any
cancellations once the project has been FIDed with us.

The one thing we have seen, you've seen some schedules move around. There's lots of things that can
make that happen. But again, not significantly. I wouldn't be surprised if we didn't see some schedules
move around a little bit, but feel very good about the backlog and the projects that we're executing on
right now. And obviously, we stay very close with our customers and there's been no indication so far of
any worries about projects that have FIDed and how they're progressing.

Operator

Our next question comes from Sean Meakim with JPMorgan.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So in North America, your business mix is pretty production-oriented. So that's typically more stable
to drilling and completions as you noted. But we have these storage challenges creating an issue for
producers in the next few months at a minimum. I mean maybe 3 million to 5 million barrels a day could
have to come off-line for some period. We don't have much historical precedents here. Just curious how
that could impact your lift in chemicals businesses in the next couple of quarters.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, Sean. And we feel good about our competitive positioning in North America in artificial lift and
chemicals. As you mentioned, though, in the current environment, we believe that the sharp decline in
production and also in potential production shut-ins will impact the ESP and chemicals business, and E&Ps
are looking aggressively to conserve cash and cutting back on spending across all product lines.

So as we look at the next 1 to 2 quarters, you'll see some impact there. However, I would also say that
if there's a recovery in place, you'll see production-driven businesses recovering quickly. And also as
operators look to bring back wells, likely they'll need more chemicals and also ESPs from a stimulation
perspective.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Right. Okay. That makes sense. And then haven't spoken a lot on Digital. Obviously, a challenging
environment here in the last quarter as well as the one upcoming. Pretty high decrementals in that
business, but also should be pretty high incrementals. Just curious just about how you think about that
cadence for revenue and margins as we go through the year. That'd be helpful, if you don't mind.

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Sean, you're right. You do see high decrementals and high incrementals. I mean the gross margins
in the Digital Solutions business are really strong, and you simply can't take out costs fast enough as
volume comes down, especially around R&D, selling, G&A. So we are taking some actions there to -- as I
mentioned, we're furloughing some employees as volume is lower. We anticipate that it will continue to be
lower with the economic challenges and the struggling GDP we're seeing around the world.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

So look, I would expect Digital Solutions to look a lot like the first quarter in the second quarter, given
what we're seeing from a demand standpoint and the inactivity around the world. But it will likely bounce
back quickly as you start to see folks getting back to work and economic activity picking up and as you
point out, should come through with really strong incrementals.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bill Herbert with Simmons.

William Andrew Herbert
Simmons & Company International, Research Division

Brian and Lorenzo, with using your formulation with regard to a blend of North American and international
spending contractions for Q2, if you -- I mean at least on my math, that kind of results in a 25% to 30%
sequential revenue contraction. Given the violence of that contraction, would OFS do well to generate
breakeven margins?

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Look, I think if you look at the formulation that you have there, I mean, there's always some
variability around the edges there. But I do expect significant revenue decline in the second quarter. The
other thing, Bill, that I would remind you of is we've talked about the cost out that Maria Claudia has
already been executing, and I do think that will dampen some of the impact of what we're seeing from the
downturn here.

I'd say probably where your math is, is probably a little more than what I'm seeing today based on the
level of activity we have internationally, how strong we are in the Middle East. So look, I think things
are moving around quite a bit, but I feel good about how Maria Claudia and the team are addressing the
current situation.

William Andrew Herbert
Simmons & Company International, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then Lorenzo, I hear you with regard to the long-term secular outlook for
LNG and TPS and understanding that we're not in this bunker of acute crisis forever. But assuming that
effectively capital allocators around the world are going to be very cautious for the balance of this year, is
it reasonable to expect that TPS orders for the year are down in the vicinity of like 50% year-over-year?
Or is that too harsh?

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Look, again, I think as you look at where we're seeing LNG as well as where we're seeing the total TPS,
the current macro environment is obviously uncertain. We continue to speak to the customers on a regular
basis, and we are predicting some of these projects to move forward, even though the timing is difficult
to see. If you look at our orders in TPS, a large component of our orders are service orders which we
expect those to be pressured in line with the service revenues. As you can imagine, we have equipment
orders and a wide range of outcomes, offshore, onshore production, also, refinery, petrochemical. Given
the service order outlook and also the equipment, we think the 50% is a little harsh, and we would expect
to do better than that. If you look at the prior downturn, our floor is better than that from a standpoint of
orders. And I'd also say we're still in a lot of conversations with our customers relative to potential FIDs
that go forward.

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Bill, I would say you could see orders down 40% based on what we have seen in prior downturns and in
conversations with customers. But again, things are quite fluid right now, and we're staying close to the
customers. So we'll update you as we know more.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

So when you're working through the restructuring of your fixed costs, especially items like facility closures,
what is the new normal environment that you're contemplating on the other side of this downturn? Maybe
if you could touch on that through the usual market indicators. So thinking about U.S. rig count, it sounds
like you're thinking about that being weaker on the other side but potential magnitude of international E&P
spending recovery, offshore tree orders. When you reset your fixed costs, what are you envisioning for
these 3 to 4 years out?

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I think, first of all, it's obviously a dynamic situation, and things are unfolding as you look at what's
happening with COVID and some of the longer-term impacts. First of all, you are starting to see more of
the remote operations, as we said, being utilized. That's obviously from an efficiency perspective and also
cost reduction. We're continuing to deploy more technologies out there, which will not result in us bringing
back some of the people that are involved, and also if you look at the standpoint of the way in which we
work, the number of facilities we have and also people working from home as opposed to being in the
office. So I think these are elements that we're working through, and we're still -- we think we've taken
the right restructuring actions. And much of what, again, is restructured won't necessarily come back, and
that's sort of the aspects we're working for at the moment.

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

And I think, Scott, we stress-tested quite a few scenarios and do feel like that we prepared for scenarios
that are worse than what we've outlined here as we looked at our overall cost-out and how we think the
industry is going to perform. And I think that gives us some flexibility as we see activity maybe come in
stronger than we're anticipating. But as Lorenzo points out, I think it's a bit early to call exactly how this
plays out over the medium term. But rest assured, we're staying really close to our customers and the
market, and we'll adjust accordingly.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Understood. There's a lot of capacity out there right now. A quick follow-up. Roughly, how much of your
1Q OFS revenue is targeted to be exited?

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

It's a small amount. It's lower than 5%, and the work that the product lines that we're exiting will be
overall margin rate positive and cash flow positive for OFS in the company.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

And I just say this is very much in line with the strategy we've laid out to focus on margin rate accretion
and also return on invested capital. So you can see the decisions that we've made are really just
accelerating that this time with the North America land drilling and completion fluids that we're moving out
of as well as some of the smaller commoditized completions-driven activities.

Operator

Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for any further remarks.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Just like to thank everybody for joining the call. Stay well and stay safe, and we look forward to speaking
to you again soon.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You
may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

