Bank of America Corporation NYSE:BAC
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 14, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.76

1.03

35.53

0.70

3.02

3.07

Revenue  (mm)

21766.30

21466.00

(1.38 %)

21437.37

87575.12

90779.55

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-14-2021 12:51 PM GMT

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.50

0.54

0.65

0.76

0.51

0.59

0.86

1.03

2.00 %

9.26 %

32.31 %

35.53 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

E. Lee McEntire
Head of Investor Relations

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Charles Peabody

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Bank of America second quarter earnings announcement.
[Operator Instructions] Please note, today's call is being recorded.

And it is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Lee McEntire. Please go ahead.

E. Lee McEntire
Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, Katherine. Good morning. Thank you for joining the call to review our second quarter results.
Hopefully, you've had a chance to review our earnings release documents. As usual, they're available,
including the earnings presentation that we'll be referring to during the call, on our Investor Relations
section of the bankofamerica.com website.

I'm going to first turn the call over to our CEO, Brian Moynihan, for some opening comments; and then
Paul Donofrio, our CFO, will cover the details of the quarter.

Before I turn the call over to Brian and Paul, let me just remind you, we may make some forward-looking
statements and refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the call regarding various elements of the
financial results. Forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and
assumptions, and they are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that may cause actual results to
materially differ from expectations are detailed in our earnings materials, our SEC filings on our website.
Information about the non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliations to U.S. GAAP, can also be
found in our earnings materials that are on our website.

So with that, let me turn it over to you, Brian. It's all yours.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Good morning and thank all of you for joining us, and thank you, Lee.

Today, Bank of America reported $9.2 billion in after-tax net income or $1.03 per diluted share. These
results included a few items worth highlighting, and I'm on Page 2 ahead of Paul going through the details.
First, as asset quality continue to improve and the economy continue to recover, we released $2.2 billion
of credit reserves established in the first half of last year. The idea that a company with our credit quality
and other industry participants would be releasing reserves this quarter is not new news, but the reality
is at BAC, we're seeing credit quality levels that are very strong. Net charge-offs fell to 25-year low as a
percentage of loans, not just raw dollar amount.

Let me mention a few items I don't believe were industry-wide or expected at BAC. We recorded a $2
billion positive income tax adjustment following last month's enactment of an increase in U.K. corporate
income tax rate to 25%. This required a remeasurement of our deferred tax asset, which just reversed the
write-downs from previous years when the tax rates were lower.

In addition, our expense level included 2 things I would note. These add up to about $800 million. With
our strong results and the tax benefit, we took the opportunity to prefund $500 million to our charitable
foundation. This accelerates our planned funding for not only the rest of this year, but for the next year as
well. This is not new money, just utilizing some of the tax benefit to cover future expense.

We also recorded roughly $300 million of expense associated with processing transactional card claims
related to state unemployment benefits. This represents, to a large degree, a catch-up as we move
through claim backlogs.

Away from these items, we produced another quarter of solid earnings and showed evidence of good
client activity in an economy that continue to recover from the pandemic. Now as we all know, the health

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

care crisis has shown improvement and the economy has recovered. Progress on vaccinations, along with
the continued support of fiscal monetary policies, has promoted a full and speedy recovery and return to
economic health.

We, like others, are reopening our facilities, and we're seeing more products being sold by our teammates
in addition to the continued digital engagement at very high levels. Our advisers and bankers and
relationship managers are once again meeting with clients face-to-face, building even the stronger
relationships. We are seeing customer demand continue to grow given the opportunities our companies
see.

I want to take a minute or 2 on the economy and -- if you go to Slide 3. We have included a few slides
highlighting our customer data. Let me hit a few highlights. The GDP growth estimates by our BofA
Securities Research team for the second quarter stand at 10% and stand at 7% for the full year 2021.
And the reopenings further driving projections of an economy has continued to grow at a rate above the
prepandemic periods into '23. Also, the unemployment rate dropped below 6% this quarter projected by
economies to continue to fall. You also note the stability to increase consumer spending from our own BAC
customers, which is not only much higher than the same periods in 2020, which you would expect, but is
notably 22% higher than the first half of '21 compared to 2019. And you can see that in the lower right of
the page. That growth rate in '19 was already growing strongly before the pandemic.

A few comments regarding the characteristics of spending I think are interesting. We are halfway through
the year, and the total payments through those -- through all the different means are $1.8 trillion. That's
60% of last year's level. Last year, indeed, was a record even though it was suppressed in various periods
when businesses were shut down.

More specifically, for the second quarter, the total BAC consumer small business payments set a fourth
quarterly consecutive record, reaching $976 billion, up 41% year-over-year and 23% over '19. The trend
has also continued into early July.

Spending accelerated as COVID vaccinations increase, business reopen and domestic travel increase.
Combined spend at retailers and services comprises over 50% of debit and credit card spending, a portion
of the total spend. That increased 27% over 2019 second quarter, but did slow a bit towards the end of
the quarter as consumers moved their attention and started taking summer leisure trips and activity. You
can see that by noting a return of travel and entertainment spending, which comprises about 10% of debit
credit card spend. You can see where recovering travel remains below 2000 -- where recovering travel
remains below 2019 spending levels.

Switching to travel, up a bit. As of mid-June, domestic airline purchases were up 8% over 2019 while
international airline purchase on our cards are still down approximately 40%, showing the difference of the
progress against the war on the virus in United States versus other places.

Now let's go to Slide 4. We just put this chart in to show you that the consumers are paying their bills.
We've shown this each quarter so you could see that the actual card delinquency levels continue to edge
down even as people are out and circulating the economy.

Before we go to Paul, I want to comment specifically on 3 areas of interest to you: loan growth, NII and
expense. And we can do that on Pages 5 and 6. So first on loans. Paul and I are going to show you the
average loans. Paul will show you that later. End-of-period loans, I'll show you in a minute and long-term
trends, which are on Page 5.

What all these figures point to is accelerating growth during the quarter, as we've spoken about on
occasion. This quarter, we saw loan levels across most every business move past stabilization begin to
make progress. Companies need to build inventory, hire workers to meet the growing customer demand.
This virtuous circle of hiring workers and meeting customer spending will help drive the economy and
hopefully will result in more line usage on all levels. You can see the path on Slide 5 of loans since the
pandemic started in March 2020. As you can see, all of them are turning up in recent months.

But moving to Slide 6, you see the more traditional detail for our company. Let's start on the lower
right-hand side of that slide and talking about the commercial portfolio. Commercial loan balances after

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

adjusting for the reductions in PPP loans for quarter 2 forgiveness grew $15 billion. This is led by Global
Markets client borrowing activity. But beyond that and still excluding the PPP loan forgiveness, middle-
market lending group and our Business Banking team finally had growth in the month of June 2021, a first
since last March.

Fueling some of this improvement is calling effectiveness. Relationship managers that have increased
their calling efforts were now aggressively calling on targeted prospects. And with vaccination progress,
face-to-face meetings have nearly doubled each month over the past 90 days. Commercial loans wealth
management clients grew an impressive 5% in the quarter as these customers borrow through our custom
lending products.

In small business, our Practice Solutions group, which supports medical, dental and veterinary practices,
has been building throughout the quarter, and small business production overall is back to prepandemic
levels.

Turning to consumer loans. Overall growth of end-of-period loans was $6 billion. Card loans grew with
increased spending even as customer payment percentages remained high. Auto originations have grown
fairly consistently, although recently lower dealer supplies have affected that.

Mortgage balance growth, which is a big part of our loan portfolio in consumer, has been a challenge in the
low-rate environment with high refinancing volumes exceeding originations in past quarters. We are only
modestly down this quarter as our origination volumes are finally overcoming the payoffs.

We are pleased with the trajectory through the period, and that feeds into the second half of the year.
While average loans drive -- that loan balances during the third quarter will drive NII, it's good to start
with a trend that has reversed the past quarters' declines.

On NII, the good news is that we correctly called the bottom 3 quarters ago. We told you that we thought
the third quarter of 2020 would be the trough. Despite the volatility and lower-rate moves and significant
decline in loans, we've been able to hold NII at that level or more for 3 straight quarters. We expect it to
move higher, and Paul is going to discuss that later.

The other area I want to comment on is expense. We saw -- on a reported basis, we saw a $0.5 billion in
expense reduction from first quarter of '21 to second quarter of '21. This quarter, we also had about $800
million in notable items for the aforementioned charitable contribution on unemployment claims process.
Absent those notable items, expense would have been down about $1 billion and in the low $14 billion
range. This is a level we are targeting to expense as we move through the rest of the year.

In the second half of the year, as we normalize our operations, we'll continue to return our business as
usual, working on process improvements that allow us to reduce our headcount and to continue to fund
franchise investments. Headcount in the second quarter, including -- excluding the summer interns,
declined by roughly 2,500 or over 1% from the first quarter.

So the messages for this quarter is straightforward. The organic growth machine that we had rolling
before the pandemic hit is reemerging as the economy normalizes. We start to be careful to ensure that
the war on the virus stays won, but we're seeing great trends. In retail and preferred and small business,
we saw a strong production of core transaction accounts above prepandemic levels. This quarter was our
best net sales growth in checking account since the second quarter 2015.

We saw our card production about 90% overall prepandemic. But net cards -- net of runoff were positive,
the first time since the quarter -- first quarter of 2020 when we entered the pandemic. We saw growth
in new Merrill Edge investment accounts, and Paul will talk to you about that. We saw a good mortgage
production. We saw a stronger digital activity.

In wealth management, we saw household growth and strong flows continue to grow even with the use of
our banking platform to grow its credit side. In Global Banking, we saw loan growth and new production
coming on while line usage still remains very low. We saw investment banking closed this quarter with
record pipelines.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

In markets, we saw a strong first half even compared to 2020 and a strong second quarter, albeit with
more normal seasonal impact. So normalizing more like '19 but still higher. And we saw headcount come
down as operational excellence kicks in by over 2,000 people.

We have work to do to keep driving down the core expenses and getting out the net COVID expenses over
time. And above all, due to responsible growth, we saw strong core credit metrics. So as the economy
continues to recover, we are seeing our organic growth engine kick back in.

With that, I'll turn it over to Paul.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Brian. Hello, everyone.

I'm starting on Slide 7. As I have done in the past few quarters, the majority of my comments -- or excuse
me, my comparisons will be relative to the prior quarter rather than year-over-year given the pandemic.

Since Brian already covered a lot of the income statement, I will just add a couple of comments on
revenue and returns. Revenue was down 6% from Q1. The decline was driven by lower sales and trading
results that more than offset solid consumer and wealth management revenue, which was a result of
higher card income and AUM fees.

It is also worth noting that while investment banking fees were down from a record Q1 level, they
remained strong at more than $2 billion in Q2. Lastly, when comparing revenue against the prior year
quarter, remember, Q2 '20 included a $704 million gain on the sale of some mortgage loans.

With respect to returns, our return on tangible common equity was 20% and ROA was 123 basis points,
both benefiting from the positive tax adjustment and sizable reserve release.

Moving to Slide 8. Balance sheet expanded $60 billion versus Q1 to a little more than $3 trillion in total
assets. Deposit growth of $24 billion supported $16 billion of loan growth while the combination of
market-based funding and long-term debt issuance supported expansion of the balance sheet in Global
Markets. Other notable movements on the balance sheet included the continued deployment of excess
cash into securities. Securities increased $83 billion while cash declined $66 billion.

Driven by the additional deposit growth, our liquidity portfolio remained above $1 trillion or 1/3 of
the balance sheet. Shareholders' equity increased $3 billion as earnings outpaced capital distribution.
Capital distributions of $5.8 billion were limited to the average of earnings in the previous 4 quarters for
regulatory guidelines and were well below the $9 billion earned in the quarter.

With respect to regulatory ratios, consistent with Q1, standardized remained the binding approach for us
and was down a little less than 30 basis points from Q1. While the CET1 ratio declined 30 basis points in
Q1, it remained 200 basis points above our minimum requirement of 9.5%, which translates into a $31
billion capital cushion.

While book value rose $3 billion, regulatory capital was up $1 billion as the $2 billion tax adjustment
did not benefit CET1 capital. Higher RWA from the liquidity deployed to securities growth in our markets
balance sheet and higher GWIM loan activity more than offset the benefit to the ratio from higher capital.

Our supplemental leverage ratio at quarter end was 5.9%, dropping from the prior quarter primarily
due to the removal of the regulatory relief. 5.9% versus a minimum requirement of 5% equates to
approximately $600 billion of balance sheet capacity, which leaves us plenty of room for growth. Our TLAC
ratio remained comfortably above our requirements.

Turning to Slide 9. Brian reviewed ending loan balances earlier, so I will focus on average balances, which
are more closely linked to NII. As you look at the year-over-year trends, note that these numbers include
PPP loans, which have been moving lower now for 2 quarters driven by forgiveness. You can see the
change in those PPP levels on the slide.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Focusing on the linked quarter change. While loans on an ending basis were up nicely, on an average basis
even with a $3 billion decline in PPP balances, loans were flat. Wealth management and Global Markets
experienced the most notable improvements. GWIM continued to benefit from security-based lending as
well as custom lending while continuing to have solid mortgage performance.

In Global Markets, we looked for opportunities to lend to clients against a number of different asset types,
creating mostly investment-grade exposures as a good use of our liquidity. In Consumer, we saw credit
card loans stabilize for the first time in more than a year as credit spending ramped up and new accounts
continued to build across the quarters. Quarterly new account levels are nearly back to 2019 levels.

With respect to deposits on Slide 10, we continued to see significant growth across the client base not
only because of the growth in the money supply, but also because we added new accounts and attracted
increased liquidity from existing customers. I would just note that the linked quarter growth on a spot
basis included a headwind of about $34 billion from customer income tax outflow. Normally, we see
deposits decline in the second quarter given tax payments. But this year, we saw strong growth even with
these tax payments.

Turning to Slide 11 and net interest income. On a GAAP non-FTE basis, NII for Q2 was $10.2 billion, $10.3
billion on an FTE basis. Net interest income declined a little more than $600 million from Q2 '20 driven by
the rate environment and lower loan balances, but showed modest improvement from Q1. Year-over-year
comparisons beginning next quarter are expected to improve nicely as Q3 '20 has proven to be the nadir
for NII. And we are expecting NII improvement in Q3 and Q4.

Compared to Q1, the benefit of an additional day of interest and liquidity deployed was offset by a lower
level of PPP loan forgiveness, the absence of proceeds recorded in NII from the Q1 litigation settlement
and modestly higher premium amortization expense. The net interest yield declined 7 basis points from Q1
driven by the continued addition of lower-yielding debt securities in Q1 and Q2 and a larger Global Markets
balance sheet. Remember, as part of our liquidity that remain, I would include about $150 billion of debt
securities hedged to floating, which earned a bit more than cash.

As you'll note, given all the deposit growth at low rates, our asset sensitivity to rising rates remain
significant and mostly unchanged from Q1, highlighting the value of our deposits and customer
relationships.

Let me give you a couple of thoughts around NII for the back half of the year. Last quarter, when the
forward interest rate environment was 30 to 40 basis points higher, we told you we were targeting NII at
roughly $1 billion higher in Q4 of this year. This quarter's loan growth is encouraging and supportive of
this target and the slowdown in mortgage prepayments should also help improve NII.

So while we still think getting NII $1 billion higher by 4Q is possible, admittedly, the recent significant
decline in long-end rates presents a challenge. This possibility, of course, assumes loans continue to grow
in the second half and rates don't move lower from here. To improve our chances, we could decide to
deploy additional liquidity at higher fixed rates in the coming weeks and months as we evaluate the trade-
offs between liquidity, capital and earnings.

Turning to Slide 12 and expenses. Q2 expenses were $15 billion, $0.5 billion lower than Q1. While lower
than Q1, the combination of the $500 million contribution to the foundation and the nearly $300 million
increase in costs associated with unemployment claims processing kept expenses above the low $14 billion
target shared with you last quarter. Outside of these 2 items, expense was lower driven by the absence
of a few Q1 items, seasonal payroll taxes, the real estate impairment charge and the acceleration of
expense due to incentive comp award changes. Additionally, lower incentive comp and severance costs
also contributed to the decline.

Lastly, our COVID cost saw a modest decline as some pandemic-related employee programs began to roll
off, but this was mitigated to a certain degree by preparation costs for associates returning to the office.

As we go to the segments, I would just note that the sizable foundation contribution was allocated to the
lines of business and therefore, negatively impact comparisons to prior quarters. As we look forward, we
continue to invest at a high rate in people and in technology and in new financial centers. We are seeing

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

the benefits of these investments. And now as we move forward, we expect that natural attrition will
allow us to reduce headcount as we transition back to a more normal business environment. As Brian
mentioned, excluding summer interns, our headcount this quarter moved down by about 2,500 people.

Turning to asset quality on Slide 13. Nothing but good news to report here. Net charge-offs this quarter
fell to $595 million or 27 basis points of average loans. This is the lowest loss rate in more than 2 decades.
That is 28% lower than Q1 and more than 30% below the second quarter of 2019. Our credit card loss
rate was 2.67%, and several loan product categories were in recovery positions this quarter.

Provision was $1.6 billion -- was a $1.6 billion benefit -- net benefit driven by the continued improvement
in the macroeconomic outlook, which resulted in the $2.2 billion release of credit reserves split fairly
evenly between consumer and commercial loans. Our allowance as a percent of loans and leases ended
the quarter at 1.55%, which is still well above the 1.27%, which was the level as we begun 2020 following
our day 1 adoption of CECL. And as a reminder, the mix of our loans has also changed since CECL day
1. To the extent the economic outlook and remaining uncertainties continue to improve, we expect our
reserve levels could move lower.

Okay. On Slide 14, we show the credit quality metrics for both the consumer and commercial portfolios,
a couple of points I would make here. With respect to card losses, given the continued low level of late-
stage delinquencies in the 180-day pipeline, we would expect card losses to decline again in Q3. For at
least the next couple of quarters, I would expect total net charge-offs to moderate around the current
level with lower card losses partially offset by lower net recoveries and other products. With respect to
commercial metrics, reservable criticized exposure and NPLs both declined in the quarter.

Turning to the business segments and starting with Consumer on Slide 15. Consumer Banking produced
another good quarter with strong customer deposit and investment flows and the return of card loan
growth. This reflects the strength of our brand, our digital innovations and the deployment of specialists
in our centers, all of which enabled us to capture more than our fair share of the increase in customer
liquidity.

As Brian said earlier, this was a quarter of reopening where both our high-tech and high-touch capabilities
delivered growth in client activity. Given vaccination progress, we reopened certain financial centers, more
of our associates were at their posts in our financial centers and customer traffic was up. All of the above
drove higher sales in our centers. At the same time, we also saw increased sales through digital channels,
which suggests increases in digital engagement are here to stay.

The segment earned $3 billion in Q2, 13% higher than Q1 as revenue, expense and credit costs all showed
improvement. Revenue improved 1%, reflecting higher card income on increased purchase volumes and
modestly higher account service charges on ATM usage. Expenses moved lower versus Q1 given the
absence of the Q1 real estate impairment costs and seasonal higher payroll tax expense.

We also saw some modest improvement in COVID costs as some of the elevated pandemic-related
associated costs began to wind down. Our cost of deposits this quarter improved to an impressive 118
basis points. The team has done a great job of servicing more and more deposits while maintaining a
strong cost discipline aided by digital engagement. Looking back at Q2 '19, we have added 38% more
deposits while expenses have only increased a little more than 3% annually in support of all that new
activity even with COVID.

On Slide 16, you can see the significant increase in consumer deposits and investments. Average deposits
of $979 billion are up $55 billion linked quarter and nearly $170 billion from Q2 '20 with more than 60%
of that growth in checking. Rate paid is down to 2 basis points as 56% of the deposits are low-interest
checking.

We covered loans earlier, but I would just note that while average loans are down linked quarter, period-
end loans are up modestly, excluding PPP, as growth in card balances and vehicle lending outpaced a small
decline in mortgages.

With respect to investment balances, we reached a new record of $346 billion, growing 40% year-over-
year as customers continue to recognize the value of our online offering.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Okay. On Slide 17, I'll highlight a couple of points regarding the continued improvement in engagement.
After crossing 40 million digital users in Q1, we added another 0.25 million users in Q2. This quarter, 70%
of our consumer households use some part of our digital platform. We also reached 2.6 billion log-ins
from customers in the last 90 days. And while you will note the tremendous Erica and Zelle usage, what I
would draw your attention to is the digital sales growth, which is up 26% year-over-year. 85% of booked
mortgages in the quarter were done digitally while 77% of direct vehicle loans were digital.

Turning to wealth management. The continued economic reopening and strong market conditions led
to records in average deposits, loans, investment balances and asset management fees in Q2. Both
Merrill and the Private Bank contributed to this improvement. Growth in gross new households at Merrill
continued and the average size of the new households is larger this year than last year. And at the same
time, net new households grew but at a slower pace given expensive competitive hiring practice across the
industry.

We remain committed to organic growth in our advisers and private client sales force as a stronger,
more sustainable long-term strategy. Net income of nearly $1 billion improved 12% from Q1 as we saw
improvement in both revenue and expense.

With respect to revenue, the record AUM fees complemented higher NII on the back of solid loan and
deposit increases. Expenses dropped as the absence of seasonally elevated payroll tax in Q1 was partially
offset by higher revenue-related costs. Client balances rose to a record of $3.7 trillion, up $725 billion
year-over-year driven by higher market levels as well as strong client flows.

Let's skip to Slide 20, which highlights our progress to digitally engage wealth management clients. In
both Merrill Lynch and the Private Bank, we are focused on 3 pillars for digital engagement: one, digital
adoption and deeper engagement; two, modernizing our platform for advisers and clients; and three,
secure and easy collaboration with clients.

We provided stats on Slide 20 that show record levels of digital engagement improved further in Q2. These
are some of the highest levels of digital activity across our customers. More and more clients are logging
in to easily trade, check balances and originate loans all through one simplified sign-on. 70% of checks
deposited by the Private Bank clients and more than half of checks from Merrill clients are being deposited
digitally now.

And through leveraging Erica-based AI capabilities and through use of WebEx meetings and secure text
messaging, we are making it easy and more efficient for clients to do business with us wherever and
however they choose. This creates additional capacity for our advisers to spend more time with existing
and potential clients.

All right. Moving to Global Banking on Slide 21. The business earned $2.4 billion in Q2, improving $251
million from Q1. Strong revenue growth and lower expenses were mitigated by a lower provision benefit
than Q1. Deposit growth maintained or remained strong and increased $20 billion to a new record.

Outside of PPP loan figures, we saw modest growth across the platform, as discussed earlier. Revenue
growth reflected the absence of the prior quarter impairment on clean energy investments as well as
increased ESG investments. Revenue also included strong firm-wide IB fees of $2.1 billion, down only
modestly from the record Q1 level. This performance resulted in an improvement to a #3 ranking in
overall fees with a pipeline that remains strong. Strong debt issuance was more than offset by lower
equity underwriting fees.

We had a provision benefit driven by a reserve release of $834 million in Q2, which was $328 million lower
than the Q1 release. Net charge-offs were near 0, reflecting both low charge-offs and a notable recovery
in the quarter. Noninterest expense declined 7% from Q1, reflecting lower compensation partially offset by
other costs.

We've already covered much of the balance sheet on Slide 22, so let's get to digital trends on Slide 23.
We continued our investments in digital solutions that deliver the efficiencies for both clients and our
employees. The solutions for clients have a compounded effect since they invariably mean less manual
intervention by the bank, enhancing both efficiency and satisfaction. Enhanced banking solutions are

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

helping us capture greater market share as wholesale clients do more with their banking partners --
do more with banking partners that are stable and secure and that have the capability to invest in new
technologies that will provide better data and global integrated solutions.

Digitization, and in particular, artificial intelligence, is helping us streamline processes and respond to
clients more quickly and efficiently. As an example, our bankers are using technology powered by Erica
to not only better manage credit exposure, but also identify and win new business. We present some
wholesale digital highlights on Slide 23.

Switching to Global Markets on Slide 24. Results reflect solid but lower sales and trading activity, as noted
earlier. While down from the more elevated pandemic periods, trading revenue is still 10% or so higher
from Q2 '19. As I usually do, I will talk about results excluding DVA. This quarter, net DVA was negligible,
but the year ago quarter had a $261 million loss. Global Markets produced $934 million of earnings in Q2,
down more than $1.1 billion compared to either Q1 or the year ago quarter.

Focusing on the year-over-year. Revenue was down 15% driven by the reduction in sales and trading. The
year-over-year expense increase was driven by higher costs associated with processing unemployment
claims and the activity related to sales and trading costs. Compared to Q1 expense, the higher
unemployment processing costs were mostly offset by lower compensation.

Sales and trading contributed $3.6 billion to revenue, declining 19% year-over-year. FICC declined 38%
while equities improved 33%, recording one of the strongest equity performances in our history. FICC
results reflected the much more robust trading environment in the year ago period, particularly for macro
products. Q2 '21 saw credit tightened and agency mortgages endured a difficult trading environment given
the volatility of rates. The strength in equities was driven by a strong trading performance in derivatives
and increased client activity notably in derivatives and in Asia.

On Slide 25, we note half year revenue trends across the last few years. As you can see, while the
pandemic elevated results in 2020, 2021 remains well above the prior years presented driven by continued
client activity and volatility in the market.

Finally, on Slide 26, we show All Other, which reported profit of $1.9 billion. The $2 billion tax adjustment
benefited results. Absent this benefit, we would have reported $137 million loss, which is a decline of $239
million from Q1 '21 driven by lower revenue.

Revenue declined $545 million, reflecting 2 impacts: first, higher partnership losses on ESG -- on
increased ESG investments. As you know, we record grossed-up revenue from these investments on an
FTE basis in Global Banking, paid the full tax there and then backed out those entries in All Other. You
can also see the increase in ESG investment in Q2 in other income on our consolidated income statement
where partnership losses are booked. While this loss impacts revenue, it is more than made up for on the
tax line. We expect our tax credits and associated losses in consolidated other income to increase by at
least $100 million in Q3. And keep in mind, Q4 is normally even higher, reflecting seasonal activity.

Revenue in All Other was also impacted by some refinancing activity. We called and refinanced higher
cost structured notes, which pushed some AOCI back to the income statement. Our effective tax rate this
quarter, excluding the $2 billion tax adjustment, was 10.7%. And further excluding tax credits driven by
our portfolio of ESG investments, our tax rate would have been 25%. For the second half of '21 absent any
changes in current tax laws or any other unusual items, we expect our effective tax rate to be in a range
of 10% to 12%.
Okay. With that, we're ready to go to Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

We'll take our first question from Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I wondered if we could contextualize that, your loan growth inflection conversation. I heard you on cards
and auto contributing to the modest pickup on period-end loans. So I'm wondering what confidence level
you have of that continuing in the second half. Will it be card, auto or will middle-market, M&A or anything
else start contributing? And then maybe most importantly, do you think 2022 could be a normal-ish loan
growth year, say, low to mid-single digits like you had been running?

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Glenn, I think if you look across all the businesses on an end-of-period basis had loan growth, which bodes
well. The usage on lines is still low. And so that is still running in the low 30s, which is about 1,000 basis
points on average lower in the banking segment. But what you see underneath that is that even Business
Banking, which is the segment from $5 million to $50 million, is net growing finally, and it was the most
affected by the PPP runoff. And the runoff of PPP in the quarter was $6 billion, $7 billion or something like
that.

So we -- in Paul's basically flat average balances, that included -- he overcame that. So we feel good as
we look across those things. So what you really see is the net car production back to prepandemic. You
see gross car production basically about 90% of prepandemic. You see autos which will pick back up as
inventories become available.

And the real driver on the consumer side is mortgages. We're basically holding our own right now.
And that was different than, frankly, on the refi side. We lost some balances through the last several
quarters. And on the commercial side, it's really line usage honestly can't go any lower. Maybe it can, but
theoretically, it can't because it's been stuck here for a good 4 or 5 quarters with the activity. But the auto
dealer line usage, which is in outside of the house, for example, is very low than it traditionally is. So we
expect those to pick back up. But the key is they're actually producing more customers and more clients
even with the low usage and the loans are starting to grow.

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Sounds like we got a shot.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes.

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Maybe a very similar question on expenses, and then I'll be done. You noted that there's some COVID
expenses still in there. But excluding the 2 one-timers you called out, we're still in the low 14s. It sounds
like 57 -- low $57 billion range for the year is okay. Should -- we've asked this question every year, any
one of us have. Should '22 be materially different than '21 given how you're able to fund a lot of your
investments internally?

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

So Glenn, it's Paul. We're not providing specific '22 expense outlook. But I will offer the following thoughts,
which I think answer your question.

So our rough estimate for the fourth quarter expense is a range of below $14 billion. I think if you add to
that the seasonal higher payroll tax, approximately $350 million in Q1, plus add in 1% inflationary costs
that we have talked about now for many quarters -- remember, if we do nothing, costs would grow by 3%
or 4%, but we're driving that lower every year and quarter through OpEx, SIEM and other initiatives.

But if you take the 4Q expense, you add the higher seasonal payroll tax, you add 1%, that's a good base,
I think. And then from there, just based upon whatever assumption you want to make around higher
revenue expectations in areas that are closely linked to compensation and exchange fees, I think if you do
that math, you'll have a pretty good number.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I know in recent quarters, I've been asking about just the thought process on how you deploy liquidity
and securities. And look, it's been the right call because you were buying what felt like low rates, but rates
have gone down again. But I just want to circle back on like what is the thought process you had alluded
to potentially deploying more liquidity in the coming weeks. And I guess I step back and it seems like your
loans are starting to grow, deposit growth starting to slow and again, rates have ticked down again. So
why lock in kind of 10-year duration at these levels with that as a backdrop?

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Matt, let -- I'll let Paul hit it more specifically. But one of the things that we just have to always keep
in mind, and you've touched on, is that deposits have crossed $1.9 trillion and the loans are $900 million
and change. And that difference has got to be put to work. And the reality is we generated $80 billion
deposit growth, and we got to put it to work. And that's what we do.

And so we're not timing the market or betting or -- it away. We just sort of deploy it when we're sure it's
really going to be there. And so that's been our strategy. And yes, we put some to work. And it turned out
to be, in the aftermath, a good thing. I think, frankly, I'd rather have a higher-rate structure. It'd be better
for long-term earnings of the company, but I'll let Paul talk about redeploying.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I mean I don't know what specifics you're looking for, but I would echo some of Brian's comments.
I think we've been very balanced. We -- if you look at the results, compared to other banks, we've
maintained our NII for the last few quarters here. We called the bottom in the third quarter. But at the
same time we were doing that, we still are reserving significant liquidity. So we have a lot of dry powder
as we sit here today, and more deposits are coming.

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So should we just think about it, loans plus securities will basically equal deposits? So if the loan growth is
modest but you keep growing deposits, they're just flowed in the securities kind of regardless of rates?

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. You got to take out. We do have to keep straight cash, obviously, that we show you. But that's
generally the way to think about it. And the debate is the -- remember, we hedged a lot of the stuff that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

we bought just to protect ourselves a little bit. But that's the simple way to think about it. In the bank side
balance sheet, that's the simple way to think about it. But obviously, the securities front is different.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

We -- I'll just reiterate, like you said, we're going to get deposits. It's going to fund loan growth. Whatever
leftover will probably go in securities, but then we still have a bunch of excess liquidity. So that can be
deployed as well either in the near term or long term depending on how we balance liquidity against
capital and earnings.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

And actually, going back to Glenn's question, Matt, one of the things we can't take advantage of is our
extreme efficiency in the consumer business with the rate structure. And so I think they got down and
they're pushing towards 120 basis points of deposits because they're growing core checking customers at
a more rapid pace than we've grown in a while.

So consistently quarter after quarter after quarter, that's going to stick to our RIPs. You don't pay
anything for it. And as rates rise, it will drive the efficiency, but this time, we haven't had a chance to take
advantage of it, frankly, because of the rate structure.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I'm stuck on Slide 17 with the digital usage. So I guess you have a record number of digital users, 70%.
You highlighted digital sales of 26% year-over-year. Where aspirationally do you want that to go? And
what can be the impact on headcount and expenses?

And it's the same question I asked before. You have best-in-class digital cost of deposits in the consumer,
the lowest in the industry, but doesn't translate to the overall firm. So I'm just trying to connect the dots
from your great digital usage to better efficiency and also get some sense of your aspirations on the digital
side.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

So Mike, the last question, sort of that question, which is the consumer side doesn't get the advantage
until the -- you get the some rate structure on the short end, especially. And so all that investment,
though, it'd be like we're having the same conversation we had in '16 before rates rose or when that's
going to pay off and then exploded and paid off, and we expect it to happen again as the economy
normalizes and we are taking good advantage, as you well know, prior to the pandemic.

And so let me back up. On digital products and usage, the key strategies we've been engaged on is
beyond consumer and Paul hit some of the wealth management pieces. You can see them. And so when
we're talking about the digital things, we're actually showing by each segment. So the growth in the
wealth management side both for external usage, i.e., customers and internal, is extremely important.
And using Erica internally as a method of artificial intelligence-based natural language processing stuff
helps make people more efficient in the commercial segment of wealth management.

So we don't have -- our aspiration is just to follow and push the clients at the same time, and that always
has a benefit. And that's why over the last decade, we're down 40,000 people in the retail network, to give
you a sense. And where it goes, we have some internal plans, we have an idea. But we are sort of -- we
don't go out and say that because, frankly, it happens piece by piece by piece. And honestly, a $2,500 FTE

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

reduction in the quarter is in part due to the consumer efficiencies kicking back in once they got through
PPP processing and things like that.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

And that reduction in headcount, you ought to also factor in the increase in headcount in the front office.
So we're getting a reduction overall if you go back prepandemic or if you look at this quarter. But at the
same time, you're seeing a mix shift. We're adding more people out there talking to customers across the
platform, and we have less people in support, in the back office.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Just one follow-up on that aspirational question. When you strip out and you don't normalize
everything, rates and everything else you want to do, how much more do you think you can lower unit
cost over the next several years? And what would be the main technology driver for that?

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

The -- there are basically 3 ways. One -- but it's all going to show up in headcount. And so we expect --
the consumer cost of deposits has gone from 350 basis points probably 10, 12 years ago to 120. And so
we'd expect to keep driving that down, and that's going to be driven by everything we just talked about.

When you get to revenue-related compensation of wealth management business, that's up $0.5 billion
from this quarter in '19 probably or something like that. And that's a good thing because we make money.
But that will be more driven by its production capabilities and things like that.

So there's basically buildings and how many do you need and how many people -- that's driven by how
many people and how much you pay our teammates who are talented to drive the business, that's driven
by how many people. And we just had a -- we have been working our way down in headcount, and it then
froze because of all the work we had to do around the pandemic-related programs. But now it's dropped
by 1% in the quarter, and that's where it pays back.

Operator

Our next question is from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great slide on Slide 5, really love it. I just wanted to dig in on card a little bit. There's been some
discussion around how spend is up a lot, as you indicated as well, and how much of that spend is likely
to be translating into revolving versus transactor. You're giving us the daily clearly, we can see that here
on the slide. But it would be helpful to understand what you're seeing in the guts of the machine. And
is -- has revolver started to pick up? Or does this loan growth that you show on the slide reflect just the
increased spend and transactor paydown rates are similar to what they've been over the past few months?

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

So the revolver piece is starting to move forward, but it is down. Obviously, significantly prepandemic, the
transactor piece is higher. You want people to use the card to get revenue, and you saw that in the fee line
to get revenue -- from the usage, you can also get revenue from the loans. The loans are obviously the
better part of the equation.

But Betsy, you have to realize, we have about, round numbers, the same number of cards outstanding.
There's $20-odd billion less balances, which people didn't get any different. They just have more cash.
And so they paid off their credit cards, which is a completely responsible thing for them to do. And when

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

they can get out and spend more money, which is starting to happen, I think you'll see them use these
lines, short-term purchases.

So I don't think -- yes, the pay rate's up, but I don't think it's a fundamental difference of behavior. It's
just the opportunity to use the cards for activity has been limited coming into this quarter when you finally
saw things open.

So we'll see where it goes, but it's -- the good news is it's going in different direction. It had been leading
up an entry point about Slide 5. And the good news is the people are high credit quality. So that means
that the net -- the risk-adjusted margin, i.e., the margin from cards minus the charge-offs, is actually
closer than what people think because the card charge-offs would drop by $300 million, $400 million a
quarter.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Brian, that's -- yes. No. That's great. That leads into the follow-up, which is relating to your reserve
ratio on card. I think the way we're calculating it is around 8.5% or 8.8% at this stage. And give us
a sense as to how you're thinking about that trajectory here. Given that the environment has been
improving, what should we expect on reserves going forward?

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Go ahead, Paul.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Well, I'll answer the question this way. If you go to CECL day 1, I think it was 6 point something, right?
6.98. So that gives you a sense of a different environment with a different sort of economic outlook at that
moment. Obviously, as we grow loans, card loans, which we're talking about doing, they are going to eat
into some of that excess reserves. But I think between whatever you want to model on loan growth and
whatever you want to think about in terms of just getting back to CECL day 1, you could kind of come up
with whatever -- with an answer.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Right. And just could you even be below CECL day 1 because the environment is so good right now?

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

You could easily be below CECL day 1. I mean it -- as you know, it just depends at the moment you're
setting your reserve what your mix is, what are your card balances and what is your view of the future.
And our view of the future is a more benign environment than it was in CECL day 1, then by definition,
you'd end up with lower reserves.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

And that's the point of Page 6, Betsy, really goes to your question on card specifics.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

So Paul, it was certainly encouraging to hear that there's still a path to the $1 billion improvement in
the NII exit rate that you cited just given some of the long-end pressure since you gave that guidance.
I was hoping you could just help us unpack some of the component pieces given it's a meaningful step-
up versus what we saw in the most recent quarter. And maybe just thinking about it in 3 buckets: loan
growth, liquidity deployment and premium am being the third. Assuming no change in the forward, like
how can we underwrite that path to the $1 billion increase off the current base?

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

So I would say that it's about half loan growth -- well, first, back out, we have an extra day, okay? Back
that out. And as we sit here today, it will be roughly half loan growth and half amor reduction -- premium
amor reduction. Having said that, it's a challenge -- given that the fact that rates have fallen, it's a
challenge. It's hard to get there. And so we've got -- we've always had the opportunity to deploy a little
more liquidity as we think about this going forward.

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

Understood. At least the premium am ultimately will come. It's just a question of timing there. So -- but I
understand that, that could at least impact where it shakes out by the end of the year.

And the other thing I wanted to get a better sense of, Paul, is just on the capital comments that you made
earlier. You noted that you're at 11.5%, 200 bps above your minimum. Just curious if you can give us
some sense as to where you plan on operating, on a steady-state basis, how much cushion you want to
retain. And just given the strength of your excess capital position, how should we be thinking about the
pace or cadence of the buyback for the next 4 quarters?

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, obviously, we're allowed to do it. So that's a change and at a level that allows us to move capital off
the balance sheet so that it's constrained by the average of earnings, which was through this quarter. So it
will move up.

But I think we try to operate 50 basis points above the minimum -- as a target because there's volatility.
So our SLR of 5.9 has got 90 basis points of cushion in it. And we want to operate 50 basis points there,
the 9.5 is 10, et cetera. So you should expect us not immediately to be moving towards that over time.
And then as this goes through the periods, the question will be what's the ultimate decent level that we
have to maintain in the future and things like that.

So -- but we can move at pace now, and we couldn't before because we're -- it was constrained to your
dividends plus your buybacks not only to your earnings. And we were a company that went into this crisis
with a lot more excess capital. And we're a company that came out this crisis with a lot more excess
capital. And there were 3 CCAR exams during this crisis that we had the lowest losses and stayed below
the $250 million SCB. So off we go. But that constraint, you got to go the lowest constraint and add 50
basis points, and you should expect us to stay above that. But right now, that's a lot of excess cash.

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

If I could just squeeze in one more. Sorry, I just got a bunch of questions on the Global Markets loan
growth, which was a pretty eye-popping number. I was hoping you can just unpack the opportunity that
you're seeing within that segment and whether there's further runway for continued growth just given how
significant of an uptick we saw in the most recent quarter.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Yes. Sure. So we did -- that activity -- the loan growth was led by Global Markets, but we did see it across
the platform, including middle market and other areas.

In Global Markets, we just look for opportunities to use some of our liquidity in a more constructive way
than maybe buying more securities. And it was across a number of different types of opportunities in
clients. But about, I would say, $6 billion-ish of it went into our decision to hold some CLOs in loan form.

Now we concentrated those holdings in AAA and AA tranches instead of distributing the securities to
investors. And we think that activity is very consistent with our plans to allocate more balance sheet to
customers in Global Markets. Having said all that, I know people will concentrate on CLO exposure. Our
CLO exposure is still extremely low relative to our peers.

Operator

Our next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

If I could just go further on the commercial loan topics. As you start to see a little bit better demand
aside from PPP across -- whether it's corporate, which you just talked about, commercial, small business,
what's your just sense from the customer base of where it's potentially coming back the most and where
the most holdbacks are because customers still have tons of excess liquidity to get through before they
borrow?

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Well, look, if you look at Global Banking this quarter, middle market was driven by food products,
commercial services and suppliers and diversified wholesalers. Obviously, you've still got some industries
that are affected by the pandemic and so they really haven't started to recover yet.

If you look at our commercial-committed exposures, by the way, they grew $30 billion quarter-over-
quarter. We're now above the $1 trillion prepandemic level. So people are getting ready to borrow more.
As Brian noted, the revolver utilization is still at historic lows, but we're going to -- we would expect that
to move up as the economy improves.

And then in Global Markets, as I mentioned, there were lots of opportunities in mortgage warehouse
lending, subscription facilities, asset-backed securitizations. There's lots of opportunities there to put more
balance sheet to work.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

And as a follow-up on that point about the utility being low but customers are readying themselves, I think
as an industry, we've been waiting for that for a couple of quarters now. What's that trigger point where
you think that we'll start to see or it'll cause the line usage to actually start moving? And it's been flat for
now a good few quarters as we ready for it.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

I think it's going to be inventory build across various industries.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

And you're seeing trade finance kick up.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Yes.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. The trade finance flows and the trade flows that we have, have been kicking up and kicking up, which
means at some point, the people building inventories to meet the customer demand as we talked to.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Some of that inventory building has been hampered by trucking and ocean liner and just getting logistics.
So I think working out some kinks there, you could start to see it.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

And do you have any line of sight when you talk to your customers about any easing up of those supply
chain constraints there as we anticipate that?

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Getting better. But still, I've learned a lot more about ports than I ever thought I'd learned from our
customers. It's getting better, but it's going to take a while. I mean everybody talks about the chip that's
well talked about, well-known, but you're talking about basics. And so it's getting better, but it really
comes down to the operations of ports efficiently and the impact of virus on employees in those ports and
having people to work and unload the ships and things like that.

So it's a pretty drilled out sort of analysis they have. But the reality is it's still constraining, but it's getting
incrementally better, but it will take another 6 months to kind of -- in most sites, they're saying, hey, at
the end of the year, that will be better and we'll see that.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

As you think about loan growth and you start modeling it, just remember it with revolver utilization is
down close to 10%, that's $45 billion of...

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

From last year.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. That's $45 billion of loans just for us.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Right. Right. That's the opportunity set, is just how quickly could that be a loaded spring, right?

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes.

Operator

Our next question is from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Paul, can you share with us -- when I look at your average earning balance sheet in your supplement
and you give us the yield of the average earning assets and I think it declined to 179 basis points, can
you share with us, what's the difference between what you're reporting and what you're putting on each
quarter of new earning assets? Is there a 20 basis point difference, 10 basis points difference? And if we
assume rates don't change, when does that gap disappear because what you're putting on is equal to what
you're actually earning?

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Well, again, I mean I'll talk about when we take our liquidity, which, again, we've got a lot of excess
liquidity, and we deploy that into a security, right? We're picking up -- well, in the second quarter, we
picked up on a blended basis between mortgages and treasuries, which were roughly 50-50 purchases. We
picked up about 170 basis points relative to cash.

But when you look at security that's rolling off and being replaced, they're rolling off at sort of $250
million and they're being replaced with $210 million. Now you could do the same math -- I did it with
securities. You could do the same math with a loan. Pick your loan category, whether it's a card or
commercial loan or -- it's going to just depend on the yield.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Very good. And coming back, I think you pointed out that the asset sensitivity of the balance sheet is still
intact. 100 basis point parallel shift is -- leads to about an $8 billion increase in net interest revenue. Can
you share with us what weighs more heavily on that number? Is it the short end of the curve going up,
that 70% of that increase comes from the short end going up versus the long end?

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Correct. It's approximately 70% for the short end.

Operator

And we'll go to Charles Peabody with Portales.

Charles Peabody

I wanted to focus on your card operations for 2 reasons: one, it's the area where there seems to be some
visibility to loan growth; and two, because it I think generates about 20% of your bottom line, so it's a
significant mover.

If I'm using your line of business data correctly, cards as a line of business are on pace to generate
somewhere between $1.8 billion a quarter. So somewhere between -- well, close to $8 billion a year. Am I
right in that assumption?

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

If you're talking about interest income, yes, if you look at this up on Page 8, the $1.876 billion is the card
interest income for the second quarter of '21. But that's...

Charles Peabody

Well, I was using your -- the net income.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Well, the net income -- we don't have a card segment. Yes. We don't report a card segment because it
goes there, it goes in the fee line, it goes in -- yes, interest expenses.

Charles Peabody

But if you look at your line of business reporting, you do have a consumer lending versus deposit. And the
consumer lending is primarily cards, if I understand it correctly.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

No. It's got mortgage loans and auto loans and it's all lending products. So let's -- if you got a fifth
question, we can lead it.

Charles Peabody

Okay. The question is, if I assume 2019 kind of data in terms of margins, in terms of gross yield, and I
assume high single-digit growth in loans in 2022, I'm -- because of the substantial reserve release this
year versus what probably will be less next year, I see a fairly substantial decline in your card business as
a line of business, as a profit business. And so I'm trying to get a sense, am I right that there's a delay --
even if balances pick up, there's a delay to the improved profitability of that product line.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

Because there's less reserve. Last year, it was hurt by reserve build. This year, it's benefit by reserve
releases. In the next year, we'll see that benefit comes out. That's the company's...

Charles Peabody

And not only that, but you have to reserve as you're putting on loans, and so you get less benefit day 1
versus day 100.

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. But remember, we've got -- I think it was -- somebody asked an earlier question. We're reserved on
loans now 200 basis points higher than where we were CECL day 1. So as loans grow, you can eat into
that reserve.

Charles Peabody

Right. And I estimated, you probably have about $1 billion to $1.5 billion of excess reserves in your cards,
if you go back to day 1 CECL. And so you're going to bleed some of that back over the second half of this
year, which means you have maybe $0.5 billion to $1 billion next year.

E. Lee McEntire
Head of Investor Relations

Charlie, this is Lee. So why don't we take this off-line, and you and I can go through this afterwards? I see
where you're headed, but...

Charles Peabody

Okay. Yes. I'll share my model with you, Lee, because I think it's an important hole that has to be filled
next year.

E. Lee McEntire
Head of Investor Relations

Yes. What I'd also just add, though, just while everybody is on the line is just remember, our charge-offs
are running significantly lower in addition to -- forget about all the reserving in the now.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Charles Peabody

Yes. Absolutely, absolutely.

E. Lee McEntire
Head of Investor Relations

Yes. Yes. Okay. But I'll get with you after this call.

Operator

And it appears we have no further questions. I'll return the floor to Brian Moynihan for closing remarks.

Brian Thomas Moynihan
Chairman, CEO & President

So thank you all for joining us.

Once again, in the quarter, our customers are seeing good growth opportunities in a recovering economy.
Deposits continue to grow, $80 billion in the quarter; loan balances stabilized and grew on a period-end
basis for the quarter, even overcoming the PPP runoff; asset quality is at 25-year percentage loss lows,
not just dollar amount.

The solid earnings continued this quarter. We -- the important thing is we're seeing increased activity
by our customer base, whether it's sales of all the different products, whether it's the reopening of the
branches and more appointments that lead to sales, whether it's our face-to-face meetings or commercial
businesses. So that holds us in good stead and helps answer the question about how NII grows in the
second half of the year.

And so -- and then on top of all that, this quarter is the first quarter in many that we've been able to -- in
forever that we've been able to go back and actually use excess capital based on our earnings power and
our Board's discretion. So you should expect us to get back in the share buyback game.

So thank you and we will return that capital to you. And we look forward to talking next quarter.

Operator
We'll conclude today's program. Thanks for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

