Becton, Dickinson and Company 

NYSE:BDX
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 07, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.29

2.55

Revenue  (mm)

4096.87

4253.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-05-2020 1:30 AM GMT

11.35

3.81

2.43

10.77

12.88

3917.26

16875.13

18384.90

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

3.06

3.31

2.64

2.29

3.08

3.31

2.65

2.55

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

0.65 %

0.00 %

0.38 %

11.35 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

15

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief
Administrative Officer

Monique N. Dolecki
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Simon D. Campion
Executive VP & President of
Interventional Segment

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Brian David Weinstein
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Joshua Thomas Jennings
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Kristen Marie Stewart
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Robert Justin Marcus
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Hello, and welcome to BD's Second Fiscal Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At the request of BD, today's call
is being recorded. It will be available for replay through May 14, 2020, and on the Investors page of the
bd.com website or by telephone at (800) 585-8367 for domestic calls and area code (404) 537-3406 for
international calls, using confirmation number 2189907. [Operator Instructions]

Beginning today's call is Ms. Monique Dolecki, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Dolecki, you
may begin.

Monique N. Dolecki
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to review our second quarter
results. We hope that everyone is healthy and safe during these unprecedented times. With safety in
mind, we are taking a more virtual approach today in exercising social distancing while conducting this
call. Joining me in person, we have Tom Polen, our Chief Executive Officer and President; and Chris
Reidy, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer. Joining by phone,
we have Alberto Mas, Executive Vice President and President of the Medical segment; Simon Campion,
Executive Vice President and President of the Interventional segment; and Patrick Kaltenbach, Executive
Vice President and President of the Life Sciences segment. As we referenced in our press release, we
are presenting a set of slides to accompany our remarks on this call. The presentation is posted on the
Investor Relations page of our website at bd.com.

During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements, and it is possible that actual results
could differ from our expectations. Factors that could cause such differences appear in our second fiscal
quarter press release and in the MD&A sections of our recent SEC filings. In particular, there is significant
uncertainty about the duration and contemplated impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The data we are
providing today is based on our preliminary April sales results and the trends we are seeing in our
businesses. We have made certain assumptions in how we are managing our business, but that could
change as we move forward. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures with respect to our
performance. Our second quarter results include a $39 million noncash charge to write down the carrying
value of developed technology related to the planned retirement of the BD Accuri flow cytometer platform
within our Biosciences business.

In addition, we are working with the FDA with respect to certain features of our Alaris infusion pump
products that are additive to our current remediation efforts. As a result, we have recorded a charge of
approximately $200 million to reflect the estimated probable future costs relating to remediating Alaris
products. It is possible that this estimate could increase over time. Any remediation actions will continue
to be guided by our proactive commitment to patient safety. In addition, due to challenges associated with
the global COVID pandemic, among other factors, we no longer expect to submit our Alaris 510(k) filing
in the fourth quarter. We are working closely with the FDA to assess how quickly we can get back to our
previous plan, and we will provide an update on our August earnings call. These items, along with details
of purchase accounting and other adjustments, can be found in the reconciliations to GAAP measures in
the financial schedules in our press release and in the appendix of the Investor Relations slides. A copy of
the release, including the financial schedules, is posted on the bd.com website.

It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Tom.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. I certainly hope you and your families are doing well
as we navigate this unprecedented time. Our thoughts are particularly with those personally affected by

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

COVID-19, including health care workers on the frontline who are caring for patients and battling this
virus.

As you've seen in our press release, our second quarter results were ahead of our expectations even
though the Q2 impact for COVID-19 was larger than we anticipated. While we've seen strength in our
portfolio that's more directly tied to COVID-19 diagnosis and treatment, we're also experiencing significant
pressure in other areas, such as products relied on in elective procedures, research and routine care. Chris
will cover this in more detail later in the call.

This remains a dynamic situation, and the timing and phasing of research and more elective health care
returning is hard to predict. That's why we've decided to withdraw our guidance for FY '20. As I've shared
in the past, you can expect transparency and straight talk, and so Chris will share with you what we
know so far, including what we saw in April. And he'll give you more color on the many factors impacting
recovery.

Before we get into the impact to our business, I want to spend time on BD's response to COVID-19
because I believe it embodies what we stand for and our purpose and what makes BD unique.

And so on Slide 4, I'd like to start by sharing my deepest thanks to the BD team around the world. I've
been with the company nearly 20 years, and it never ceases to amaze me how our team rises to the
occasion for our customers, especially during times of uncertainty. What I've seen in the last 2 months is
truly inspirational, and I'm so proud to serve alongside this team.

Turning to Slide 5. We defined 4 priorities that have guided our response to COVID-19 since January,
when we convened our crisis management team. First was to protect the health and safety of our
employees; second, maintain business continuity and mobilize our world-class operations to help combat
the pandemic; third, bring new solutions across the higher continuum of care, from discovery and
diagnosis to delivery of care; and fourth, take proactive measures and continue to advance our strategy so
that we ultimately can emerge from this pandemic strong and better positioned. And while we are actively
working to address near-term pressures related to COVID-19, we will always operate our business for
long-term value creation. I'll discuss each of these in more detail now.

First, protecting the health and safety of our associates, on Slide 6. We took a number of actions very
early on to help safeguard our team, including adapting the workplace for social distancing, increasing
cleaning and disinfection protocols, and adding temperature monitoring at our manufacturing and
distribution centers beginning in February. We've also increased personal protective equipment for
employees, including leveraging our 3D printing and large-scale molding capabilities to manufacture our
own face shields so we can further protect our employees.

Even as we made our own difficult decisions to furlough a small percentage of our manufacturing
associates, we preserved full access to health care benefits for impacted associates in the U.S., including
covering both the employer and the employee payroll reductions during the furlough period.

Turning to Slide 7 and our second priority, mobilizing global operations. As you know, world-class
manufacturing excellence is a core competency and focus for BD. All of our critical-to-COVID
manufacturing and distribution centers are operating at or near full capacity. You can imagine that's not
easy in this environment. And we have BD associates stepping up around the world to make this happen.
Just one example is we've had more than 100 of our manufacturing associates from Malaysia volunteer to
temporarily relocate to live in Singapore during the border closure. They moved away from their families
to Singapore in the middle of the pandemic just to help maintain operations at our Singapore plant.

2/3 of all BD associates or more than 43,000 of our workforce, who work in our manufacturing plants,
distribution centers and field service roles, have continued to come into BD or to customer sites nearly
every day during this crisis to help ensure our products and solutions are there when patients need us
most, and I thank each and every one of them for that.

We've leveraged our scale and ramped production to the highest degree possible in this environment and
3 examples stand out to me. First is, to reduce the risk of exposure to caregivers, some clinicians moved
the Alaris system from the bedside to outside the patient room, dramatically increasing demand for our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

IV extension sets. BD team responded with urgency, increasing production of these sets 100-fold within
just a month. We've dramatically increased the number and types of specimen collection swabs from about
500,000 each week in February to an expected 3 million in June -- 3 million a week in June.

We've significantly scaled production of our BD MAX reagents used for open assay tests, including our
new molecular assay for COVID-19. We'll have increased output of open assay kits by more than 80-fold
between February and June, and we're currently manufacturing 6x more each month than we did all of
last year, and we continue to scale that up.

We're also looking ahead recognizing a potential second wave of COVID-19 which could align, timing-
wise, with flu season. We're preparing additional capacity to ensure we can address both demand for a flu
test and an antigen COVID-19 assay. Given that the symptoms are pretty similar, we're also anticipating
potential higher demand this fall as well.

I also want to reassure you that we've ramped production -- as we've ramped production, our
commitment and focus to delivering the highest-quality products has remained extremely in focus.

While we're experiencing historically high demand for critical-to-COVID products, there's also negative
pressure on product categories tied to routine health care visits and lab testing, elective procedures and
non-COVID research. For example, during Q2 we began to see a significant decline in elective procedures.
During the end of the second quarter, demand for research reagents and instruments slowed dramatically
as research institutions and labs temporarily closed due to lockdown. As a result, we have temporarily
slowed or suspended production at a few of our non-COVID-related manufacturing sites to preserve
liquidity. We're in frequent contact with our customers, and we're closely monitoring demand signals and
we're ready to start immediately -- resume production immediately as soon as those procedures and
research restarts.

Our ability to adapt and mobilize our global operations to respond to the pandemic is a testament to
our best-in-class manufacturing capabilities, the dedication of our employees and the strength of our
public/private partnerships. Throughout the pandemic, we've regularly engaged federal, state and local
government officials around the world to help safeguard operations and minimize the risk of supply chain
disruption. It's clear the strength of our global operations network is a significant advantage for BD and
the health care providers who rely on us.

Turning to Slide 8. Another advantage unique to BD is the strength and diversity of our portfolio, which
I believe, as I've said in the past, is unmatched in our industry. We're leveraging our expertise and
capabilities to deliver solutions across the continuum, from research to understand immune response,
to diagnosis and surveillance, to medication management, delivery in critical care, and ultimately to
prevention as we look ahead to a potential vaccination campaign.

First, in order to treat a disease, you have to better understand it, and that's why scientific research
on COVID-19 continues to move forward even as many labs and institutions pause or postpone other
important studies. And our Bioscience business has been helping researchers better understand how the
immune system responds to COVID-19 and why some people are more affected and others show only
mild or no symptoms. And we believe this scientific research is key to better understanding and ultimately
battling COVID-19.

Turning to Slide 9. We've launched a full portfolio of COVID-19 diagnostic solutions, which help health
care providers answer 2 basic questions: who has it and who had it? And so as you think about who has
COVID-19, we've leveraged our strength in molecular diagnostics to bring to market 3 molecular tests, 2
with a CE Mark and 2 that have received EUA approval from the FDA in the U.S. These tests are designed
exclusively for the BD MAX system, which is already in use at over 1,000 laboratories worldwide. The tests
are conducted on-site, mostly at hospital labs, and increase time to result to just 2 to 3 hours of up to 24
samples at a time. We've now shipped test kits to more than 500 hospitals around the world, and moving
forward we're able to provide approximately 250,000 tests per week or about 1 million a month.

We're also hard at work developing a fourth diagnostic, a point-of-care antigen test that leverages our
Veritor platform targeted to diagnose COVID-19 in less than 15 minutes. There's broad interest in this

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

test, and with nearly 30,000 Veritor devices already in mostly nonacute care centers across the U.S., we
expect this could be a real game-changer for testing capacity and helping and restoring the economy.
This test is still under development, and we're evaluating performance with samples now. Pending that
outcome, we would submit for EUA authorization, and we'll keep you updated as this progresses.

To test for who had COVID-19, we've partnered with BioMedomics to market a serology test that can
detect antibodies in blood to confirm current or past exposure to COVID-19 in as little as 15 minutes.
In fact, the published data in the Journal of Medical Virology was one of the world's first for a COVID-19
serology test. Given the latest guidelines from the FDA on performance characteristics for EUA approval of
serology tests, we're currently validating performance of a second-generation enhanced version of this kit,
which is produced, and we are testing -- moving forward with that testing now.

We are proud of the portfolio of COVID-19 diagnostics we've built and launched in record time to help
address this urgent public health need.

Turning to Slide 10 and our solutions for treatment and care. BD's global scale is nearly unparalleled,
enhancing patient -- enabling patient care in almost every country around the world. In fact, about 90% of
patients that enter an acute care setting are touched by a BD product. Although overall hospital utilization
is down due to COVID-19, countries and health care providers have been preparing for the worst, setting
up surge field hospitals and expanding ICU beds. BD teams around the world answered the call, working
to help set up these facilities and ensure access to critical-to-COVID medical technologies. For an example,
we recently saw increased demand for our Pyxis rapid emergency deployment offering, where we can
deploy and install Pyxis med stations in about a week to help set up temporary field hospitals like we did
at the McCormick Center in Chicago.

We've also seen high demand for our portfolio of vascular access devices, infusion sets and injection
devices, which are critical to safe and effective medication delivery. Hospitals have also turned to our
targeted temperature management devices to help in the care of symptomatic COVID-19 patients.
And we've seen strong demand for our acute dialysis catheters as one of the complications of serious
COVID-19 is multiple organ failure, including acute kidney injury.

I also want to comment on infusion pumps, which, as you know, are critical devices in acute care and
especially the ICU, as each patient on a ventilator is often connected to multiple infusion systems. Outside
of the U.S., we have more than tripled manufacturing and customer shipments of our infusion pumps
for EMEA in response to COVID-19. We've accelerated the distribution agreement that will expand BD's
offering in infusion and help address rising demand for infusion pumps in select countries throughout
Europe. And I'll speak to this in further detail later on.

In the U.S., we have established a process for existing customers in the BD Alaris system to receive
additional Alaris pumps upon certification of medical necessity. Our team is continuing to work diligently
and with urgency to prepare the comprehensive 510(k) filing we discussed in February.

And while our team has been driving to submit that filing in the fourth quarter, due to challenges
associated with the global pandemic, among other factors, we anticipate extending our initial timing for
submission until after Q4. We don't have a more precise timing at this point, and we're actively continuing
to collaborate closely with the FDA to ensure we meet their expectations. I want to assure you that we are
committed to getting this done and done right. It's our top priority, and we've added significant dedicated
resources. We're making significant incremental investments, and we're rotating in top talent from across
BD to drive this program to completion. My executive team is directly engaged on this on a daily and
weekly basis to ensure that we are best positioned to work through any potential obstacles that might
challenge our progress. And as I said, this is the critical priority for the company.

In connection to the charge that Monique described, we are working with the FDA following their on-site
inspection of our MMS facility in San Diego during the quarter. The FDA made a number of observations
in a Form 83 (sic) [ Form 483 ] notice we received in April. And while we are early in the process, we're
already beginning to implement certain corrective actions to address the observations.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

We're also taking this seriously, and we're working collaboratively with the FDA and making necessary
investments in keeping our focus on quality and doing what's right for our customers and patients. We're
going to continue to keep you posted on our progress here.

Finally, looking ahead to the development of a potential vaccine. We're in active and ongoing discussions
with multiple countries around the world to provide the maximum support possible for the world's
response to COVID-19, including production of syringes for a potential large-scale vaccination campaign.
As the world's largest manufacturer of needles and syringes, we have already ramped up production of
injection devices in anticipation of a surge in demand for these products. It's important to acknowledge, of
course, that BD is not immune to the financial impacts of the coronavirus, which we certainly saw in China
this quarter. And while our underlying pre-COVID business remains strong, as evidenced by our solid Q2
results, we expect to continue to see significant pressure on certain businesses as we move forward.

And on Slide 11, I want to give you a better sense of these headwinds and the uncertainties around the
pace of recovery, which Chris is going to explain in more detail.

So elective and nonurgent procedures are down significantly, which is having a direct impact on our
Surgery and Peripheral Intervention portfolio. There's a wide range here, with elective procedures for
oncology and end-stage renal disease being least impacted and our hernia and peripheral arterial disease
and biosurgery businesses being the most impacted. As some states begin to allow elective procedures
to resume this month, there's clear interest and willingness by hospitals and physicians to restart elective
procedures in a controlled and phased way. A survey of our top accounts that we've done indicates
that 80% of our customers want to begin resuming these elective procedures by some degree by early
June. And while our customers clearly want to restart procedures, there are some questions of patients'
readiness to return, and we're monitoring that closely as well. We certainly have -- to date have seen
sentiment among patients mixed, particularly for procedures that fall in the mid-range of procedure
prioritization.

Secondly, with non-COVID hospitalization down, we're monitoring the impact of our business both in terms
of products used in inpatient care as well as to capital budgets. Since China and several other countries
are a few months ahead of the U.S., we're closely monitoring their recovery and utilization to see what we
can expect as we look forward.

In diagnostics, we're seeing strong demand for our comprehensive portfolio of COVID-19 offerings.
However, the deferral of routine care, as you know, is having a significant negative impact on diagnostic
testing overall, which of course leads to temporarily lower use of sample collection devices. Again, we're
closely watching China here to see what we can learn about the pace of recovery for routine tests and
sample collection.

And in research, where temporary lab closures have had an immediate and significant impact on demand
for our bioscience reagents and research instruments, we expect recovery is going to take some time.
We're paying attention to when researchers are going to be able to head back to work and how long it's
going to take for lab testing and experiments to restart.

In anticipation of the pressures we're now seeing in our business, we've been very prudent and proactive,
taking swift action to reduce costs and reinforce our strong liquidity position, and Chris is going to speak
in greater detail to those in just a few moments. At the same time we are taking proactive measures,
we're also continuing to advance our long-term growth strategy and prepare for our next phase of value
creation. In each of our segments, we're deeply focused on executing our strategies to grow, simplify and
empower, as shown on Slide 12.

We're always going to drive growth through category innovation, and we're not taking our foot off the gas
when it comes to R&D. Across each of our segments, we have a strong portfolio with a robust innovation
pipeline that's weighted towards solutions for faster-growing markets. During the quarter, we continued
our strong cadence of delivering our R&D pipeline, introducing 9 new products in the quarter.

Let me share a few highlights of our strategic progress to demonstrate why I'm confident we're seizing the
right opportunities to emerge from this pandemic strong.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

In Medical, I mentioned earlier we had accelerated a distribution agreement with Medcaptain Medical
Technology Co., who developed and CE marked an innovative new infusion pump platform that's tailored
for the European market. And we're very pleased with the first steps in this collaboration, and it's enabling
us to help advance our medication management presence in the region as well as our global expansion
strategy.

In Interventional, we're continuing to execute our strategy in advanced solutions for faster-growing
markets. During the quarter, we released both a 300-millimeter and AV low profile Lutonix balloon.
Supported by these launches, we continue to see sequential improvement in the use of drug-coated
balloons prior to COVID.

We're also early on our launch of Dry-Doc 2.0, which is a technology designed to enable the continued use
of the PureWick female incontinent device in the post-acute and in the home.

Shortly after the close of the quarter, we completed the acquisition of Straub Medical, which is a privately
held company focused on devices that treat or restore blood flow to clotted or blocked vessels. This
acquisition further expands our portfolio with a proven device with -- that's approved with dual indications
for arterial atherectomy and thrombectomy in the U.S. It has solid existing sales in Europe and China.
We'll be leveraging our strong existing channel and expertise in endovascular technology as we bring this
product to the U.S. and accelerate existing sales around the world.

Finally, within BDI last week, we completed the submission of additional data for our Lutonix BTK filing.
This is now continuing FDA review.

Turning to Life Sciences. This quarter, we launched the FACSymphony S6 system, our new sales order with
6-way sorting and up to 60 panels of detection. The S6 enables an end-to-end solution for high-parameter
cellular analysis and reinforces our commitment to research solutions.

We also launched the BD Kiestra ReadA instrument in Europe, and we submitted the 510(k) filing with the
FDA this quarter, continuing to execute on our strategy of modular laboratory automation solutions. The
BD ReadA ReadA system -- the BD Kiestra ReadA system transforms the manual hands-on workflow of
plate reading into a fully-automated and digital process that enhances lab efficiency and reduces time to
result.

I also want to give you an update on our launch of the BD COR system in Europe, which, as you will recall,
is a fully-automated molecular platform for high-volume labs. When we announced this new innovation
last quarter, we were still very early in the launch. But BD COR continues to exceed our expectations,
and installations move forward even in light of COVID-19, I think reinforcing the customer interest in this
platform.

Also during the quarter, we completed the acquisition of NAT Diagnostics, an early-stage company with
a very innovative platform in the fast-growing molecular point-of-care market. This acquisition will
ultimately extend the breadth of BD's solution offerings into molecular point-of-care testing. We are
advancing this new molecular point-of-care platform in development, and we'll keep you updated as this
system advances closer towards launch in the next few years.

I'm excited about the progress we're making and the 3 agreements we've completed: the Straub Medical,
NAT Diagnostics and Medcaptain, which are evidence that we continue to invest in growth in all 3
segments even during this pandemic. And while we're navigating real near-term pressures, I'm confident
the steps we're taking now will put BD in the best position for the long term.

With that, let me turn the call over to Chris.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin my comments by addressing BD's response
to the COVID-19 pandemic. First, as the coronavirus emerged, I was very proud to see the response
and collaboration across our team and the immediate focus on ensuring the safety and well-being of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

our BD associates around the world. Also vital to our crisis response was our focus on taking care of our
customers and the communities we serve. Beyond the actions we took at a company level, I've been truly
amazed by the reaction from our associates. From our frontline to our back-office staff and everywhere in
between, our associates have put the well-being of our customers and our communities above their own
personal priorities.

Second, from a cash perspective, we took early and prudent actions to protect our business during a time
when liquidity is paramount. And lastly, as we contemplated these actions, we did so with a continued
focus on our long-term strategy. We're confident that BD will emerge from this global health crisis from a
position of strength and will continue to create and deliver value to all stakeholders.

With that context, let's move on to our results for the second quarter, including a review of the COVID-19
impacts. As Tom mentioned earlier, our performance in the second quarter was ahead of our prior
expectations. Revenues grew 2.4% on a currency-neutral basis despite a larger-than-anticipated
impact from COVID. As you're well aware, the virus worsened significantly in China during February and
subsequently spread beyond China's borders, quickly becoming a global pandemic by mid-March. I'll
provide more color on second quarter revenue growth and the impact from COVID in a moment when I
take you through the results by segment.

Second quarter adjusted EPS was $2.55, which represents a decline of 1.5% year-over-year or 1.9% on
a currency-neutral basis. EPS performance was above the high end of our guidance range due to revenue
overperformance and lower operating expenses as well as a small benefit related to foreign currency. As
expected, the expiration of the Gore royalty impacted adjusted EPS growth by about 600 basis points.

Operating margin of 24.7% were also ahead of our expectations for the quarter, largely driven by lower
deferred compensation expense due to weak stock market performance in the quarter and lower operating
expenses.

Turning to Slide 16, I'll provide an update on cash and liquidity and the early and prudent actions we took
during the quarter to reinforce our strong liquidity position. In March, we successfully completed $1.9
billion of term loan funding at very favorable rates. This resulted in an increase in our gross leverage to
3.9x at March 31. During the second quarter, we also increased capacity available under our revolver by
$381 million, to $2.63 billion, to further strengthen our liquidity position. It's also important to note that
we remain committed to achieving our below 3x gross leverage target. Continuing to delever remains a
very important commitment for the company, and we currently plan to pay down approximately $1 billion
in debt in FY '20. However, due to the near-term anticipated pressure on EBITDA, and given our current
focus on cash conservation and the importance of liquidity, we now expect it will take longer to reach our
deleverage target.

In addition to our treasury-related actions, we have instituted a number of cash conservation measures.
This includes lowering capital expenditures as well as working capital initiatives, with a focus on inventory
management. From an operation standpoint, as I mentioned earlier, our employees are going above
and beyond to serve our customers and their patients, and this includes keeping our plants operational.
Manufacturing teams are ramping up much-needed products, and we're making additional investments as
a result of the increased demand we are seeing in some of our businesses due to COVID-19.

In other areas, we're scaling back, and have made the difficult decision to temporarily furlough some
employees as we manage inventories and adjust to near-term demand levels. In addition to the temporary
furloughs, we felt it was important and consistent with our values to share the impact across our global
team. So we've taken actions more broadly across the company to reduce salaries at the management
and Board levels and also for senior leaders. The executive team and Board took the largest percent
reduction. The decision was also made to suspend the company match for the 401(k) and other benefit
plans for the remainder of the calendar year and to limit hiring to critical positions. While difficult, the
actions we are taking today will reinforce our financial strength as we emerge on the other side of the
coronavirus pandemic.

Now moving on to Slide 17. Before I discuss our revenue performance by segment, I'd like to take you
through the COVID impact in the quarter. All in, we estimate that COVID reduced revenue growth by

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

approximately 140 basis points in the second quarter. This is about double the impact we had estimated
at the time of our last earnings call, which was prior to the escalation of the virus in China and the global
spread of COVID during the last 2 weeks of March.

As you would expect, the majority of the COVID headwind in the second quarter was in China. This was
driven by strict adherence to stay-at-home measures, which resulted in lower hospital utilization and
a decline in elective procedures as well as fewer routine lab tests and related specimen collections. In
addition, there was reduced demand from research labs due to closures amid the stay-at-home measures.

Within the U.S. and Europe, there was a net tailwind from COVID in the second quarter. This was driven
by increased demand for critical health care devices during the pandemic. We also saw the initial use of
BD MAX for COVID testing. While demand increased in the acute care setting, this was partially offset by a
decline in the nonacute area as people generally stopped seeking care outside of treatment related to the
virus.

Turning to Slide 18 and the Medical segment, BD Medical revenues in the s quarter declined slightly
compared to the prior year, including a net headwind from COVID of approximately 40 basis points. Within
the Medication Delivery Solutions unit, as anticipated, our performance reflects distributor inventory
reductions related to the ongoing volume-based procurement process in China, which were in line with
our expectations. Outside of China, we saw strong growth in our Vascular Access Management portfolio of
solutions.

With respect to COVID, the most notable headwind in the quarter was in China and was driven by
significant declines in hospital utilization. In the U.S., COVID was a net tailwind that was driven by
surge demand and distributor stocking, partially offset by the impacts from lower routine and elective
procedures in acute care and lower utilization in the nonacute setting. We also experienced COVID-driven
surge demand in Europe in the second quarter.

Revenues in the Medication Management Solutions unit reflect limited installations of Alaris pumps as
anticipated. Within the quarter, Alaris sales under medical necessity approval were approximately $10
million. Alaris' pending order volume under medical necessity was high at the end of March. However,
these orders were not filled before the quarter-end. As a result, the revenues associated with those orders
were recorded in April. We currently anticipate demand for Alaris pumps under medical necessity will
continue in the third quarter as hospitals respond to the COVID situation, albeit to a lesser extent than
April as we expect demand to follow the evolution of the virus curve.

In Pharmaceutical Systems, growth of over 11% reflects our continued ability to meet high demand for
prefillable syringes and was also aided by the timing of shipments. Within our Diabetes Care business, we
saw an increase in sales of insulin pen needles and syringes as distributors and retailers increased their
inventories on hand as a result of the COVID pandemic. Diabetes Care performance also reflects a tough
comparison to the timing of orders that drove a strong Q2 last year.

Turning to Slide 19 and the BD Life Sciences segment, revenues increased 7.1% in the second quarter,
including a net headwind from COVID of approximately 120 basis points. Revenue growth was driven by
strong performance in Diagnostic Systems and Preanalytical Systems units. Growth in Diagnostic Systems
was driven primarily by our point-of-care BD Veritor flu assay and our swab collection and transport
systems. This was due to a stronger flu season in comparison to the prior year and was aided in March
by COVID-19. We also continue to see strong growth of our BD MAX instruments and assays for routine
testing as well as an increased demand globally for use in COVID-19 testing. This was partially offset
by a decline in routine testing in our microbiology and women's health and cancer products due to the
COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in China.

Performance in Preanalytical Systems reflects solid growth in wingsets in developed markets as well as
favorable comparison due to distributor ordering patterns in the prior year. Within Europe, we saw some
stocking of specimen collection devices related to COVID. This was partially offset by a decline in routine
specimen collections due to the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in China.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Performance in the Biosciences unit reflects a tough comparison to the prior year driven by the timing of
licensing revenues in tenders and emerging markets. Results in the Biosciences unit also reflect reduced
demand for instruments and reagents as research lab activities slowed significantly due to the COVID-19
pandemic, particularly in the U.S. and Europe as well as in China.

Turning to Slide 20 and the BD Interventional segment, revenues increased 3.3% in the second quarter,
including a net headwind from COVID of approximately 350 basis points. Excluding the impact of COVID
on elective procedures, revenue growth in Peripheral Intervention was broad-based, including continued
strong performance in our WavelinQ, Covera and Venovo products. Additionally, there was an improvement
in the year-over-year decline in DCB-related revenues driven by continued commercialization of DCBs in
Japan and sales related to 2 new product launches in the U.S. Within PI, the decline in elective procedures
in China resulted in reduced demand across our portfolio.

Revenues in the Surgery unit were broadly impacted by the global slowdown in elective procedures
due to COVID, particularly related to hernia repair across the U.S., Europe and China as well as
biosurgery in China. Prior to the outbreak of COVID-19, growth was strong in both hernia and infection
prevention. Revenue growth in Urology and Critical Care continue to be driven by performance in targeted
temperature management, home care and PureWick.

I'll now turn to Slide 21 and our gross profit and operating margins for the second quarter. As you've
already heard from some of our peers in MedTech, COVID will put pressures on margins in the near term
given the high fixed cost nature of our business. In addition, we'll see an impact from the loss revenues
carrying a gross margin rate that is higher than the company average. We expect this pressure on margins
to improve as the revenues return. In this quarter, gross profit margin of 54.7% declined 110 basis points
on a performance basis. We had anticipated a year-over-year decline in gross margins due to the impact
from lower Alaris sales and volume-based procurement in China, particularly -- partially offset by our
continuous improvement in synergy and initiatives.

Due to a larger-than-anticipated impact to revenues from COVID and the related impact to mix, gross
margin came in slightly below our expectations. Currency had a positive impact of 50 basis points on
gross margin in the quarter. Operating margin of 24.7% increased 110 basis points in the quarter or
70 basis points on a currency-neutral basis. This was driven by lower deferred compensation expense
recorded within SSG&A that is offset in the P&L in the other income net line item. Excluding the 110
basis point benefit from deferred compensation, operating margins decreased 40 basis points currency-
neutral. Unfavorable gross margin performance was partially offset by lower ongoing initiatives to reduce
expenses, particularly within G&A. Currency had a positive impact of 40 basis points in operating margin in
the quarter.

Now turning to Slide 22, which recaps the second quarter income statement. As discussed, revenues grew
2.4%. This includes 10 basis points of positive pricing in the quarter. For the full fiscal year, we expect
pricing to decline approximately 40 basis points versus our previous estimate of 50 to 60 basis points.
Gross margin was 54.7%, as I discussed a moment ago. SSG&A as a percentage of revenues was 24.2%,
including the benefit from deferred compensation. On an underlying basis, excluding deferred comp,
SSG&A expenses grew at a rate below sales and reflect our ongoing focus on disciplined spending and the
achievement of Bard cost synergies.

R&D as a percentage of revenue was 5.8% as we continue to invest in innovation and future growth
despite COVID-19 pressures. Our tax rate was 16% in the quarter, in line with our expectations and our
full year guidance range of 14% to 16%. As expected, we paid preferred dividends of $38 million in the
quarter, and as a reminder, the preferred shares converted on May 1. Adjusted earnings per share were
$2.55, as previously discussed.

In these uncertain times, we believe it's critical to maintain our unwavering commitment to transparency
and to share with all of our stakeholders the anticipated financial effects of COVID-19 on our business to
the best of our ability. Unfortunately, despite having April results, as we navigate these unprecedented
times, there are still too many variables to guide the fiscal year or even the third quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

As we look forward, we are considering the following macroeconomic factors. First, we're in the early
stages of recovery, and there's still great uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of the pandemic.
Key to the recovery and the impact to BD is the return of general health care utilization. While we have
begun to see some improvement in China as they are earlier in the recovery phase, U.S. and Europe are
lagging. And this can be seen in our April results, which I'll speak to in just a moment.

Second, we are clearly operating in a much weaker macroeconomic environment. And as you know, a
weaker environment generally puts pressure on the overall health care system, utilization and consumer
spending.

And finally, the pace at which deferred procedures return to normal is the biggest variable. This will
depend on several factors, including disease condition and acuity, COVID-19 testing availability, reopening
of countries around the world and state-by-state within the U.S., and patient willingness to seek care. It's
too early to call how that will all play out.

And that brings me to the bottom of this slide. As we move forward, we expect to see the biggest
unfavorable impact of COVID-19 in our Surgery and Peripheral Intervention businesses, because surgeries
or other procedures in which our products are used are being deferred. We cannot anticipate the pace at
which those procedures will return and how our customers will manage pent-up demand.

Moving on to the acute and nonacute area where our MMS, MDS and UCC businesses participate, we see
some pluses and minuses. We expect these dynamics to shift going forward, and I'll provide more details
on the next slide.

In diagnostics, as I mentioned earlier, we expect to see strong growth of our BD MAX instruments and
assays for use in COVID-19 testing. In addition, we had good traction with our serology test in April. And
as Tom mentioned, we're currently validating performance of an enhanced version of the kit. Additionally,
we currently have point-of-care test for coronavirus in development, leveraging the BD Veritor system.
The team is working 24/7 to get this test to market as early as possible, but as Tom mentioned, we could
still face some unforeseeable issues during the clinical evaluation phase. As a result, it's too early to talk
about a specific time line for this potential product and what the market opportunity may be, but it could
be a meaningful driver of growth.

And lastly, in our Biosciences business, a recovery will largely depend on when research labs and
institutions reopen and how quickly they scale up to normal operations and resume capital spending. We
have also seen some impact on clinical flow applications like leukemia and lymphoma testing because
hospitals are focused on COVID-19. On the positive side, there is potential for a modest benefit should
NIH or other COVID-19 stimulus programs receive funding.

Now moving on to Slide 24. This is a view into what we saw in the month of April, which includes our
preliminary sales results. Going forward, our Surgery and PI businesses will continue to see significant
pressure as a result of elective procedure deferrals. In the month of April, the decline in procedures
impacted Surgery revenues by 50% to 70% and Interventional revenues by 30% to 40%. In China,
Surgery revenues are still approximately 50% of pre-COVID expectation. And across the U.S. and Europe,
surgical and Interventional revenues are down 60% to 90%.

In terms of lost revenues, we saw a decline of approximately $60 million in our Surgery business and $50
million in Peripheral Intervention. And moving on to MMS, we saw increased demand for infusion pumps
under medical necessity, which we do not expect to continue at the same pace moving forward. This was
partially offset by continued delays in Pyxis and Rowa installations, which we do expect to continue going
forward. This resulted in a net tailwind to MMS of approximately $70 million.

In our MDS business, in the United States, we continue to see reduced demand in our acute and nonacute
businesses due to continued softness in routine and elective procedures. Within the month of March, these
negative impacts were offset by a tailwind from COVID-related surge demand and distributor stocking.
Conversely, in April, as the virus curve began to flatten, the COVID surge demand began to abate and
the distributors acted accordingly. As a result, in April we saw revenue in the U.S. that was approximately
15% to 20% below pre-COVID expectations.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

In China, while hospital volumes in April broadly returned as isolation restrictions have been lifted,
revenues were still approximately 30% to 40% below pre-COVID expectations. And lastly, in Europe,
we saw the continuation of some COVID surge demand with revenues approximately 5% above our pre-
COVID expectations. Combined, we saw a decline of approximately $50 million in April in MDS, largely
driven by lower volumes in China and the U.S. Correspondingly, in UCC, we saw a decline of approximately
$20 million related to Foley catheter demand in April.

Moving on to Diagnostics and Preanalytical Systems. Continued lower routine testing volumes resulted
in fewer specimen collections and lower non-COVID diagnostic testing. Conversely, demand for COVID-
related testing remained high. In terms of revenues, we saw a decline of approximately $40 million for the
month of April. In addition, we expect more meaningful delays in large capital installations such as Kiestra
as we move forward.

And lastly, in our Biosciences business, we saw a decline of approximately $20 million in April due to lab
closures. We expect a continued negative impact on capital spending related to ongoing reduced research
activity.

If we aggregate the pluses and minuses across the portfolio, we estimate that COVID-19 had a negative
impact of approximately $240 million in the month of April. And this impact was partially offset by
a tailwind of approximately $70 million related to increased demand for Alaris pumps under medical
necessity in MMS that we do not anticipate will continue at the same pace moving beyond April.

I'd also like to remind you once again of my earlier comment regarding the pressure on margins due
to the high fixed costs in our operations and lower sales on high-margin products. We hope this level
of transparency is helpful as you think about the diversity and enduring nature of the BD portfolio. And
as you can see, there are a number of variables which make it very difficult to provide guidance. As the
COVID-19 situation continues to progress and we get more clarity around each of these variables, we'll
keep you informed.

Before we open the call for questions, I'd like to summarize the key messages from our presentation
today. As the world faces the COVID-19 pandemic, we are uniquely positioned to respond by leveraging
our core capabilities and expertise to deliver solutions across the full continuum of care, from research, to
diagnosis and surveillance, to medication management, delivery and critical care.

Our second quarter results reflect the strength and diversity of our portfolio despite the increased impact
from COVID-19. Going forward, we have put initiatives in place to actively manage our business as
we navigate the near -- negative near-term impact of the virus. Importantly, these measures include
the actions we took to reinforce our strong cash and liquidity position. As we look forward, we remain
confident in our ability to deliver value for all stakeholders and emerge from this crisis in a position of
strength. Thanks.
And I'd now like to open the call up to Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kristen Stewart with Barclays.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Kristen, are you there?

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Are you on mute?

Kristen Marie Stewart
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Can you hear me okay?

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Yes, we can now.

Kristen Marie Stewart
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Oh, good. The slide deck is really fantastic. So I really appreciate all that you guys put into that. I'm sure
that was a lot of work. I just wanted to kind of ask a little bit more and dive into just kind of what you're
seeing just kind of on the medication management side, just with the puts and takes there. I was just
kind of curious just in terms of -- with medical necessity and just kind of what you're seeing with the
increase on sets and whatnot. I know you talked about the $70 million and kind of inferred that that was
not something we should extrapolate going forward. Just kind of curious as to, I guess, why not assume
kind of a continued benefit for that kind of product line? I guess we had all hoped that since you were
getting medical necessity, that that could be something that we could expect to continue for the rest of
the year. And maybe just any additional details that you could give on that, a little bit of slippage on that
510(k), if there's anything you can add, that would be helpful.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Kristen, this is Tom. Good question. So let me talk about maybe the 510(k) piece first, and then I can
turn it over to Chris to give a little bit more color on the financial components there. So on the 510(k),
the main factor there that really drove the commentary around the delay is, of course, one of the biggest
areas of testing which we have to complete as part of the filing, is human factor testing. So that's --
for those not familiar with it, that's going to all the variety of people who could be using the pump,
training naive health care workers, people who aren't familiar with using the pump, having them use
the instructions for use and be able to successfully make infusions. Of course, in a pandemic, it's more
challenging to access the nursing staff, et cetera, to get that testing done in a timely way. So that's the #1
main item.

And then in addition, we are evaluating feedback that we got from that 483 to understand are there any
implications to the 510(k) submission. It's too early to comment -- or there's nothing that's specific from
that, but it's something that we're evaluating. Again, we're continuing to work very collaboratively with the
FDA, and we'll provide you an update on the August earnings call. Again, we're very focused on getting
that in as soon as possible, but we're also extremely focused on making sure that it gets done right, so
that once it does get submitted, it can go through the process as fast as possible, right? So that's -- let

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

me turn it over to Chris, just to give an update on the numbers. And just maybe 1 caveat is I think the
$70 million that you referred to, that's a net number within MMS that has higher number for infusion,
that's partially offset by some takes in other areas.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

That's exactly right. So I guess the way to think about this is, in the second quarter we had $10 million
of medical necessity that really wasn't COVID-related, that was kind of normal medical necessity that we
would have expected when we gave guidance last quarter. We had something similar to that in the month
of April as well. But above and beyond that, we had a spike in medical necessity for Alaris pumps, as you
might imagine, in the peak of the fight against the pandemic. And so that spiked. We did have a bit of
offset from the Pyxis installations and Rowa installations, et cetera. But the bulk of that was the spike in
the Alaris.

Now as we look going forward, we would expect that spike to abate somewhat, not completely, but we
would expect it to abate in May and June and not be at the same levels as it was in April. We would also
expect to see a little bit of a spike in the deferral of Pyxis and Rowa installations and keep that -- that
would keep going. So that would offset. So as you think about the next few months, we just wanted to
make sure people were clear that we would expect that $70 million to come down in May and June.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Yes. But again, that's just based on assumptions that COVID-19 will abate over that period of time and
that hospitals may recognize that the need for this additional building of ICU beds may not need to
continue at the same pace. If that were to change, of course, the situation would change.

Kristen Marie Stewart
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Got you. And then I guess, what can you tell us a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of early days
now, just across the country here in the United States? You guys are in a unique spot, just with all your
touch points in hospitals, just from a recovery perspective, are you seeing signs that in some places things
are starting to get a little better, just in terms of surgeries? And what you're seeing maybe within the
Interventional business or just in terms of hospital census starting to pop back up? Are you starting to get
a little bit more optimistic? Or are things -- I'm sure things are very regionalized. Anything you can kind of
add there, that would be helpful, too.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

So good question. I think that your last comment there is very accurate, it is very regionalized. And we
certainly -- we're doing a lot of primary research surveys of our customers directly to have that real-
time data. And what our data shows is, again, a very regionalized kind of health care recovery. Areas like
Texas, a few other states, we see elective procedures really ramping back up strongly. Again, you'll see
that, though, in pockets. You'll see certain hospitals could be back at 90% of elective procedures in hernia
to where they were before. And then the hospital down the road is saying we're not doing that for another
30 days, and they're basically still at a 90% dropoff. But we are seeing it generally begin to increase in
certain regions early, in late April in particular. And I think we've reflected that a bit, but it's still early
days.

I think the other thing is I'm getting increasing calls, probably fair to say, over the last couple of weeks.
If you step back a month or 2, a lot of the dialogues that I was having with CEOs of many of our largest
customers were around getting access for diagnostics for patients in need of coronavirus diagnosis. Today,
I get a lot more of those calls where those needs are being better met today. And people are looking at
now getting access to tests to start screening patients prior to them coming into elective surgery. And
that is happening, I'd say, much more on a national basis. So even if they haven't actually started doing
the procedures yet, pretty standard across the nation, I see that people are starting to think about and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

putting in place time lines for how they're going to get those elective procedures back up and running,
and they're thinking about how testing is going to be used to actually test people before they come in. So
we're seeing that occur. And I think that's a sign, a positive sign, of people's intentions and the timing of
those intentions. So we'll continue to keep you updated as that progresses. But just a few of the things
that may be helpful.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

There seems to be a pause. David, are you with us? There you are.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Can you hear me?

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Yes, we can.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. That's good news. I got one thing right this morning. So just a quick diagnostic question and
diagnostic follow-up, either for Tom or Alberto. So the first question is just on -- I appreciate the update
on Veritor this morning. I wonder -- I know it's kind of a fluid situation, but are we talking weeks away or
months away? And then if you could get approved, what type of potential manufacturing capacity can we
think about post-EUA approval? Then I had a quick follow-up.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Good question, David. So it's -- we're in clinical testing right now with patient samples, so at that phase.
We have an assay that we've developed and we're testing for performance to generate data that if it
works, we could submit for EUA approval. So that's where we are. I always -- we're cautious, and one of
the things we always talk about internally is, of course, typically it's a 3-year process to develop these
assays and get them through clinical studies and approved. We're doing that in 3 months, essentially.

And so even we're -- could be a couple of weeks away from submitting an EUA, in the general time line
of what you can learn in that window, you're learning almost a year of what you would normally learn,
because that also includes manufacturing, scale up, et cetera. And so it's why we're a bit cautious to give
specifics yet, because there's still a lot to learn, even though it's a relative -- it could be a relatively short
period of time. So more to come as we complete our clinical testing. We started that clinical testing last
week. I can share that.

And again, pending the results of that testing, we've already had discussions with the FDA on -- pre-
EUA filing discussions. And so we know what it takes to get that product through. And again, pending the
testing results, the study results, we'll be in a position to file. Concurrently, we have been working to ramp
up our production of that assay. So our manufacturing teams are ready. We've actually started to invest in
some additional equipment as well, so that we would be in a position to scale that over the balance of the
year in a meaningful way. We're going for millions of tests, right, millions of tests, not 1 million, millions, a
week.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Okay. So production capacity is not going to be the limiter there. And then just kind of related questions
for you, Tom, or others. The BD MAX production right now is sort of 1/3 of your peers within NAAT testing.
Can anything be done to ramp up BD MAX production capacity? And then just love to get your kind of
macro views on serology or immunity testing, whether you think there's significant demand for point-
of-care immunity tests? Or do you think most of that demand is really going to get filled by some of the
larger IVD analyzer companies?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, David. So on MAX, you're right, there are peers that have much higher volume on very different
platforms, of course. There are high throughput platforms which are designed for that. Obviously, the
benefit of BD MAX is that it is more of a real-time system that's much more usable in select hospital
settings that aren't going to have those high-throughput platforms.

So at this point in time, I'd say that 1 million tests a month is where we're at with our current systems
and instrumentation that we have in manufacturing. We have approved and are proceeding to invest in
additional capacity there. So -- but the timing of that coming online, we're not ready to share that. But we
are investing for additional capacity, recognizing that, that we'll need that in the future as well. But about
1 million tests a month is what we're saying right now.

In terms of immunology testing, we are seeing strong demand for point-of-care immunology testing, and
we think that will continue. Certainly, a central lab-based approach is a good one, does use a different
specimen, whole blood. Obviously, the convenience of the finger stick. We see interest in that from
employers as well as health care providers, being used from screening -- think about patients coming in
and being able to do testing much more real-time than having to send samples out, and maybe a less
invasive sample collection procedure as well. So we are seeing strong demand, and we expect that will
continue.

Operator

Your next question is from Richard Newitter.

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Can you hear me?

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Yes, we can.

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. I wanted to just maybe go back to the testing question and follow up on David's line of
questioning here. So very helpful color with respect to how your portfolio fits in perhaps on the hospital
testing side. Can you give us any sense as to how you think the back-to-work on the -- more of the
private sector and just kind of employers in general, what the algorithm is potentially going to be, either
at a national level or whatever you're seeing out there as the conversations are being had? Just trying to
get a sense for how serology fits in with point-of-care testing and/or kind of high-throughput testing on
some of those other automated systems?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

It's a great question, Rich. I don't have the algorithm figured out specifically yet. I would say that,
again, as we're thinking -- as we're talking to our customers, we're getting a lot of interest on antigen
testing to screen patients, at least, before they come in for elective surgery. So I can say that, make

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

that comment, that they're more focused on antigen testing, what I'm seeing, than antibody, for at least
patient screening before they come in for surgery. Certainly, as we think about employers getting their
associate base back to work, it will be a mix, I would imagine. We are, of course, spending a lot of time
ourselves thinking through that question. And we are very focused on prioritizing -- we actually just
communicated yesterday the phasing -- some phasing for starting to get some of our associates back to
work, next phase of our commercial teams being able to support customers in the field starting mid this
month in the U.S., as an example, and then starting to get increasing numbers of R&D associates back
to work as the priority after that. And then we'll be working on more office-based associates in extended
period of time after that. And so I think you also expect, regardless of the use of testing, some phasing
of people getting back to work, based on the importance of them really being -- in what do they have to
access in a work setting that they can't access from home.

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

That's helpful. And just on the ramping production of the swab kits that you referenced, I think you said
millions per week by June. It's a substantial ramp from where you had been. Do you think that that will no
longer -- or cease to be a bottleneck for the testing situation, at least in the U.S., by that point in time? Is
that the right level? And can you go even further than that?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Good question. So just to clarify, that's 3 million a week by June is where we expect to be. That's up
from 500,000 a week at the start of the crisis, so a dramatic ramp. And of course, we're heading strongly
in that direction. We're already at a couple million a week.

So the big thing that's happened there is -- and we've been right in the middle of that, working with the
FDA, other partners from across the industry as well as organizations like the Gates Foundation -- at
the start of the pandemic, there were very few products that were validated for testing. And so that was
clearly a constraint at the beginning. What's happened now is there's been a lot of systematic work across
the swab manufacturers as well as the test providers, and again, organizations like the Gates Foundation,
who have been driving some of that testing in collaboration with the FDA to systematically expand to
beyond viral transport media, which was -- it was limited to in the beginning, to now other types of swabs,
including dry swabs and swabs in saline, which have dramatically increased the capacity of the different
types of devices that are available.

And so yes, I'm not hearing significant issues on swabs stopping testing today. I was getting a ton of those
calls a month ago. And that was an issue. And we were very actively managing to make sure that testing
didn't stop, having our teams coming in at midnight on Sundays to package things up and drive them
to hospitals around the country and regionally, to make sure that testing didn't stop. And we were really
proud of the work that we did there. We don't get those calls anymore at this point in time, or they're
much more rare if they do occur.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I appreciate all the detail on April. So just maybe one follow-up on April, and I realize this is a little bit
short term, but we're all so hungry for information. Regarding the $70 million, I realize you're saying that
probably won't be sustained. But I'm just curious, if we sum up everything for the month of April, the
positives and negatives related to COVID and then just the other parts of the business, by my math it
maybe suggests that in April the total company revenues are maybe down high single digits year-over-
year. Is that ballpark? Or am I missing something?

Christopher R. Reidy

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

No. We're mid-teens down. So in total, at the $240 million level, that's mid-teens and then somewhat
offset by the $70 million.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. So that mid-teens would not include the $70 million benefit that you're seeing.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

That's right.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. Okay. And then the other thing I wanted to ask about is, thinking a little bit longer term, Tom, you
mentioned, hopefully, the progress being made on vaccines, obviously, Becton will be a part of the solution
there. I'm just curious, if we do get a vaccine, do you guys have the capacity to meet that demand for --
J&J is out talking about 1 billion doses. Kind of how do you frame that for investors, that BD being part of
the solution and your ability to meet potential demand?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

It's a great question, Bob. And it's something that we've been very active in talking to governments
around the world in. And what's important here is that people have to be proactive in beginning to order
and stockpile these devices now. It cannot be waited until the last minute and expect that those products
will be able to be manufactured, because to your point, that scale is -- can't be produced in that period of
time.

So we are seeing some governments around the world, we've gotten very large orders already, beginning
that stockpile to cover the citizens in their country of vaccines. Others haven't done that yet. And we've
been really, pretty much on a daily basis, working with our public policy team to create greater awareness
in governments of the need to start doing larger-scale buys now. We have presented our production
capabilities over the next year. There are opportunities for us to invest further in capital. Some of that
we're doing proactively ourself. But it needs to be done from a stockpiling perspective. And again, I think
there's further actions needed to do that. And again, we're working to help ensure that happens. That
includes here in the U.S.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

And just to be clear, on your first question, Bob, when you adjust for that $70 million, it comes out to low
double digits impact on a year-over-year basis.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just a couple of questions for me. One, Chris, on the P&L, I appreciate the color on the margin impact.
Any other color you can provide on the P&L for the second half? It sounds like R&D, you're going to
maintain that spending. How should we think about SG&A and maybe some of the other lines of the P&L?
And then I had one follow-up.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Okay. Thanks, Larry, for the question. And the way to think about it is, a lot of what's being negatively
impacting the business, such as Surgery and PI, we're fortunate to have very high gross margin profiles,
so think in the 70%-plus kind of range. In addition to that, as you think about the impact, you've got to
consider manufacturing variances, which are going to impact the P&L as we adjust for the lower revenue
and the -- and adjust our inventories accordingly, which is the right thing to do.

So as we think about it, we're also making investments in COVID-related ramping, as we've talked about
on the call here. So we're making those investments. We're also investing in the safety and health of our
associates. So making our own PP&E (sic) [ PPE ], which we talked about, facilities cleaning and those
kinds of things. So those are additional costs. And then we're also seeing higher shipping costs, as you are
probably not surprised by.

So when you take that, and then we're taking -- offsetting that, we've taken cost mitigating actions that
we talked about in our remarks. We limited travel and a hiring freeze early in the second quarter, and
we saw the benefits of that. But we've also taken salary reductions for management and the Board, the
401(k) match. So that offsets things. So when you net all of that out, you should be thinking about the
margin impact of the lost revenues going forward in that 75% kind of range when you net everything
together. So hopefully that gives you some more color.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Very helpful. And for my follow-up, Tom, how are you thinking about the long-term implications of
coronavirus? You mentioned -- for BD and the industry. You mentioned in the slide, the shift of care to the
nonacute settings, for example. How does that impact BD?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

It's a great question. So we've been -- of course, in our strategy, we've been very specifically developing
additional solutions for the nonacute sector, be it our Rowa platform for retail pharmacy, our Veritor
platform, or even commercial teams that we've put in place, bringing our Medication Management
Solutions and including catheters, et cetera, into the surgery centers and nonacute. So we've been shifting
our resources in that direction, as it's been a faster-growing segment. But we'll certainly only increase in
that direction going forward.

I think you heard some of the announcements that we talked about today on our new product
development platforms, like the acquisition of NATDx, which will give us a point-of-care molecular platform
to supplement, right? So Veritor will be a lateral flow based. This platform will be molecular based. Similar
time to result, we would expect, as Veritor. Again, that's an investment that we're making, seeing that
we expect diagnostics will continue to shift in that direction. We're making other investments even in our
PAS business that allow self-blood collection and other types of sample collection that are much more
appropriate for the retail setting, et cetera. So we definitely see it a trend. It's something we've been
investing in, and we'll only continue to double down on that as we go forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Brian Weinstein with William Blair.

Brian David Weinstein
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Probably not surprisingly coming from me, some Veritor questions here for you, just kind of rapid fire.
So Tom, I wanted to confirm, did you say millions per week? I think that's what you said. I wanted to
confirm that. And then are we talking about a COVID-19 assay? And are there any plans for a combo flu
Ab COVID assay on that? Can you speak to the performance characteristics that you're expecting to be
seeing on that, especially relative to -- I know you have to compare relative to PCR, when you're doing
these studies.

Thomas E. Polen
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Sure. Good questions, Brian. So yes, you heard right on Veritor that would be where we would be ramping
up towards. We wouldn't have that available necessarily at launch, but we will have that ramping up
towards that. We have plans, and we'll share those plans from a timing perspective later on. From
a performance perspective, again, we're in studies right now, so it's inappropriate to say what our
performance is, what we're getting, actually, that -- right now in clinical specimens. Obviously, we
recognize the comparative to PCR is typical, obviously, for anything. We also recognize that these assays,
they won't be as sensitive as PCR. No lateral flow assay is as sensitive as PCR. But no PCR assay is as
ease of use, cost base, mobile, as what you see in a platform like Veritor, which is why you see wide use
applications in flu and strep testing still today and it has a very important role.

We see and we hear also from, be it the FDA, the White House, other key constituents, our customers see
a very important role and need for a lateral flow-based COVID assay. We're focused on getting the COVID
assay out first, Brian, the antigen test. And then to your point, can we add in a flu -- combine that with
our flu test in a single strip? Absolutely, we've thought of -- started to think about that. That, of course,
becomes much simpler to do once you confirm that the COVID assay is secure, done, we've launched that.
Then the ability to put that down with the flu test, both of which are now well-characterized assays, would
be a next phase for us to think about.

Brian David Weinstein
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Okay. Great. And then as a follow-up, going back to the pump business for a second, would you be willing
to share some of the bigger observations that you received in the 483, just kind of broad stroke the things
that you're going to be kind of looking to deal with here?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Brian, we don't share those at this point in time. Obviously, we're in -- we're working very closely
with the FDA in that response. We've actually already submitted our response plans on that. We've already
started taking actions on many of those, and we'll share more as we go forward.

Operator

Your next question is from Rick Wise with Stifel.

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Let me start again, if I could, with your excellent representation of what happened in April, very clear. But
I want to make sure I understood and I apologize for the short-term nature of it. Other large companies
have been commenting on recently weekly trends and it's not like that I'm looking for something specific,
but have indeed, did things get less bad or improve somewhat, say it as you will, that last week of April
into May? Are you seeing that? And as we think about -- the reason I ask is that, that $240 million
negative April impact, shouldn't we assume that that gets less bad? Yes, the $70 million positive will be
less of a positive contribution, but shouldn't we think, assume that in coming months as things reopen,
that the $240 million goes down month-by-month?

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Yes. So it's really hard to predict. There wasn't enough in the last week of April differential to really give us
a sense of that. And when you think about it, it's really elective procedures. So we didn't see enough of a
change in the elective procedures to be able to call May and to get any sense of anything changing. And to
your point around what might be up and down, we think that the lab closures, the impact in May might get
a little bit worse and capital spending levels over the next couple of months would also be something that
could get a little worse. And so it's just there's so many variables. It's what makes May and June very,
very hard to predict. And I think we'll learn more as time goes on, as you said. But there was nothing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

about the last week of April that would give us a sense of where this is going. It's just too early to tell at
this point.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

And Rick, maybe we take advantage, we've got -- we do have Simon on the line. Maybe we'll turn it over
to Simon just for a quick comment on what you're seeing on the procedure side at a high level.

Simon D. Campion
Executive VP & President of Interventional Segment

Yes. Rick, it's Simon. So in certain pockets, we did see an uptick, certainly in inguinal and ventral hernia,
and there, they are heavily reimbursed. They're also, inguinal in particular, is very much outpatient-based.
So they get the patients in, they treat them, we get reimbursed nicely and the patients go home. So that's
been -- that has ticked up nicely at the back end of April. And also, another point worth noting is certainly
at the back end of April, our sales force began to receive more calls from their customers about beginning
to reattend cases. So as Tom said, we're about to let those guys loose here again in the middle of the
month. And in fact, just yesterday, we began shipping them all their PPE so that they can attend cases and
go back into hospitals where they're allowed. So there's -- there are several things in certain pockets that
are pointing in the right direction with respect to some aspects of our elective business.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

And just to clarify, our reps will not be going in just to hospitals unless they are specifically requested to
attend a case. And I think as we see that -- while we're seeing that in some very small subsets that Simon
just described, I'd say, as we think about Medical and Life Sciences, as Chris commented on, not seeing
that, any real difference at the end of April, for example, like in specimen collection or MDS, anything
notable there or difference.

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. That's great. And Tom, maybe just one for you. Your grow, simplify, empower initiatives, just
focusing on the simplify aspect from a couple of angles. I know you've focused and prioritized optimizing
manufacturing efficiencies, cost-reduction initiatives, SKU reduction, et cetera. Just what's happening to all
those initiatives right now? And could -- is this an appropriate time to accelerate those initiatives, actually,
ironically? Could that be helpful as we contemplate Becton's potential fixed costs as you might -- as we
recover from this COVID period?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Rick, great question. Absolutely. So near term, over the last 2 months, we've actually -- the work on
the SKU rationalization has in fact accelerated, to your point. With folks at home, the ability to engage,
actually, the sales team in working through products that -- the product list of what we're looking
to remove from the portfolio, the substitute products, actually been able -- a number of teams have
been able to engage them in a way which has been much more than we would have been able to do
traditionally. Actually, a number, I think we had -- we had a number of businesses already starting that
product simplification initiative, and that expanded pretty significantly across the company to other
businesses during this window of time, where the marketing teams, et cetera, were also had bandwidth to
accelerate that work. So that's been one that we've taken advantage of this period to double down on.

In terms of the manufacturing network consolidation, that does continue to move forward. We haven't
been able to necessarily accelerate that work during this period of time. Obviously, the manufacturing
teams focus primarily on supply right now and navigating that. Of course, you can imagine every day,
there's items that we have to manage in our supply chain as well as in our own facilities. But that is fully
still moving forward in all ways, and we'll continue to keep you updated on that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Operator

Your next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.

Robert Justin Marcus
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'll ask both of them all in one. I noticed you took down your CapEx for the year by about $200 million.
Hoping you could just touch on your thoughts around pipeline delays that are potential coming out of this,
what should and shouldn't be affected? And then also, how are you thinking about your ability down the
road? Is this reduction in CapEx temporary? Could we see something more permanent come out of this?
Really, just how you're thinking about capital, investing and your capital allocation in general, plus the
pipeline.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Yes. I'll start with that, Robbie. Thanks for the question. And as you might imagine, the first thing that we
wanted to make sure of is that we were able to mitigate the cash impact from the headwinds from COVID.
And we've made great progress on that in a few short weeks. And we're able to mitigate a substantial
part of the -- what we see as the capital impact. And we think that was the prudent thing to do. Now one
of those things that we did to get there, in addition to some of the P&L items that we talked about that
clearly impact P&L and cash, but from a cash perspective, one of the items that we did take down was the
CapEx. And we're prioritizing mission-critical capital spending. And we're cutting and basically delaying
some of the investments that we're making that are more discretionary. And we're being very careful on
that because we want to make sure that we're not cutting anything that would inhibit any capacity going
forward. So we're being very targeted on that. And it clearly is not a permanent adjustment in CapEx. We
would expect that when we come out of this pandemic, that we would -- some of those things that we're
cutting, we will -- are just deferring and we'll have to spend that. And so you can expect us to go back to
the normal $900 million to $1 billion kind of thing. And that is particularly true as we think about investing
in areas that are necessary for COVID. We continue to invest in those areas and ramp and make sure that
we have capacity. As Tom has articulated on a number of fronts, we're ramping capacity. So think of that
as a temporary reduction.

Operator

Your next question comes from Matt Taylor with UBS.

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So I just wanted to circle back and see if we could revisit some of Bob's question about the vaccine, given
that could be a material ramp up. Could you just remind us what kind of share you have of the global
syringe market? How material that is for you today? And what it could mean if you were to get an order
for, say, 1 billion syringes in Q1? Would you be able to get there? And how material would that be?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Good question, Matt. So we don't share our specific shares on a global basis. We are, as we said, the
leader in -- worldwide. We're clearly the leader in the U.S. And we make billions and billions of syringes
and needles a year. We make billions and billions of them specifically just for the U.S. market as well each
year. So to be able to provide, let's just say, in your example, a billion syringes spontaneously, there's not
capacity to just provide those in a month. We have provided plans to different governments around the
world, where we can provide hundreds of millions of products over a months periods of time. And there is
opportunity to go above that, but it needs to be done in partnership with those governments.

So again, some of those governments we've engaged and have strongly engaged with us to do that.
Others are still working through their plans on that point. What's most important is you've got to get
ahead of that and start to get those orders and things in now.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

The other thing is it's -- just a little caveat there is, the reason I hesitate is there is global capacity as
well. There are certain products that we sell, for example, in the U.S. that we don't sell ex U.S. And
there's many products that we sell ex U.S. that we don't sell in the U.S. So for example, we pretty much
exclusively sell safety devices in the U.S. We have lots of capacity of non-safety devices ex U.S. In a
pandemic vaccine delivery situation, one may not prioritize the need for safety needles on the end of
vaccine delivery and so you can free up additional capacity to come into the marketplace. But those,
again, that's working with the governments on the specific requirements and the stockpiling. Again, some
governments have already started taking those actions aggressively. Others, we're really focused on
getting them to act sooner, so...

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Understood. And then 1 follow-up. Obviously you're seeing increased demand for infusion pumps. I was
just wondering if you could offer some thoughts, given you do touch so many points in the acute care
setting, whether you think that hospitals and providers will, in the medium term or the long run, actually
permanently increase the size of their ICU or acute care capacity to be able to be responsive if there is a
second wave or just ongoing COVID management?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

It's a good question. I honestly don't know the answer of that. That's something that -- I would imagine
that many hospitals are thinking about what it could be a second wave in the fall and next winter and
thinking about how they balance that, including some of these field hospitals that have been set up and
how you think about those. In fairness, we haven't had deep discussions with our customers on the long-
term implications of ICU beds and how they may or may not maintain that over a longer period of time,
certainly, particularly in the U.S. I think that may be a little different in some areas like in Europe, where
you've seen countries, you've seen the stats of ICU beds per capita in different countries in Europe and
how disparate those are. What we have heard were some of those countries that did not have as many
ICU beds, may want to permanently maintain a higher ratio of ICU beds. But I think that's on some that
were well below benchmarking levels.

Operator

Your next question comes from Josh Jennings with Cowen.

Joshua Thomas Jennings
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I had a follow-up, similar question to Matt's most recent question. But just thinking about the potential
need for hospitals to build out capacity, maybe individual fleets, more Pyxis systems as they move forward
to reopening and they're looking at distinct COVID-19 wards or units or floors versus non-COVID-19 units
or floors and the potential to avoid cross-contamination, even of medication delivery or these pumps.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Josh, we're not seeing widespread requests for that at this point in time. And I think the question would
be, would they be reallocating? Remember, overall hospital utilization in the U.S. is still relatively low
right? It's not 90% across the board in normal terms. So how much they would allocate to COVID-specific
wards, et cetera, I think that's still being figured out. Obviously, whole hospitals were being dedicated to
that, at this point in time. We don't see a -- it's not visible today that there would be some type of spike in
pump or Pyxis growth as people are trying to build a separate COVID systems from their main wards. But
it's something we'll monitor, but we're not seeing that today.

Joshua Thomas Jennings
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Great. And then just a follow-up, I heard you mention that the Lutonix BTK submission was put forward
or filed. Any incremental details you can share about back and forth with the FDA? What was required,
what more was required from Becton for that submission? And any comments on just your confidence for
approval?

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We can't comment really with many details at this point in time. Obviously, it includes a number of
additional clinical data studies that were generated on BTK. And we submitted those various data sets to
the FDA. So again, we believe that there remains a significant unmet need for that patient population, that
there's not strong alternatives for it today. We strongly believe in the safety of the BTK product, and it's
under active review. So we'll continue to keep you updated as it progresses. But we've submitted the data
that we believe is -- were complete and so it's now under the review process.

Operator

Thank you for your questions. We will now turn the floor back over to Tom Polen for your closing remarks.

Thomas E. Polen
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for the great discussion today. As I close today's call, I'm reminded of
something a mentor of mine once shared, which is that crisis doesn't make character, it reveals character.
And that's truly the way I think that we've seen BD respond here. The COVID-19 crisis has really revealed
the best of BD, reinforcing the commitment of our associates, who never forget that there's a patient at
the end of everything we do. It's revealed the breadth, the depth and necessity of our product portfolio,
reinforcing the central role we play from discovery and diagnosis, to the delivery of care and treatment
of disease. And it's revealed our ability to adapt and innovate, mustering our resources to bring new
solutions to help solve health care's biggest problems. That track record is why health care providers and
health officials worldwide have put their trust in us during the most significant health crisis in the past
century. And it's what gives us the confidence that we will continue to drive growth, innovation and value
creation in the many categories we serve long after COVID-19 has been contained.

I think it's fair to say that the road to recovery for the health care industry and global economy is going
to take some time. It's likely to have its own bumps, but I'm confident BD will navigate these near-term
challenges, take the necessary actions and execute our strategy to emerge strong. I've been so inspired
by the response of BD associates. We have an incredibly dedicated and committed team, and I can't thank
the team enough for going above and beyond in these challenging times. I want to thank all of you for
your time today. Stay well.

Christopher R. Reidy
Executive VP, CFO & Chief Administrative Officer

Thanks, everyone.

Operator
Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have
a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

27

