Biogen Inc. NasdaqGS:BIIB
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 30, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

8.08

8.34

3.22

7.74

33.21

33.57

1.08

32.32

3532.06

3671.30

3.94

3403.38

14238.56

14377.90

0.98

13843.94

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-30-2020 12:51 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

6.96

7.53

8.27

8.08

6.98

9.15

9.17

8.34

0.29 %

21.51 %

10.88 %

3.22 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research &
Development and Chief Medical
Officer

Jeffrey D. Capello
Executive VP & CFO

Joe Mara
VP of Finance and Head of Investor
Relations

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Cory William Kasimov
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Evan David Seigerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Geoffrey Craig Porges
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Jay Olson
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Philip M. Nadeau
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Carmen, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would
like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Financial Results and Business
Update. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Joe Mara, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may
begin.

Joe Mara
VP of Finance and Head of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to Biogen's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call.

Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of the biogen.com to find the
earnings release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial
measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2, and Table
3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial
results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business
internally.

We've also posted our slides on our website that follows the discussions related to this call. I would like to
point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations
and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may
differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional
detail.

On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Al Sandrock, EVP,
Research and Development; and our CFO, Jeff Capello. Now I will turn the call over to Michel.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. First, let me start with some financial highlights.
Biogen closed 2019 with quarterly revenues of $3.7 billion, an increase of 4% compared to the same
period a year ago. For the full year 2019, Biogen generated $14.4 billion in revenues, representing growth
of 7% year-over-year. Full year 2019 GAAP earnings were $31.42 a share, a 46% increase versus full year
2018. Full year 2019 non-GAAP earnings were $33.57 a share, a 28% increase versus full year 2018. We
are pleased with the strong year-over-year growth as we continue to execute on our strategy for long-
term leadership in neuroscience.

Now let me review the year. First, full year MS revenues, including OCREVUS royalties were $9.2 billion,
an increase of 2% versus the prior year. The number of patients on our MS products globally increased
3% versus the prior year, driven by strong patients growth in emerging markets as well as all of the large
mature European markets, and our business demonstrated resilience in the U.S. Our team has executed
well, demonstrating our ability to compete in an increasingly crowded market.

We launched VUMERITY in the U.S. as an important new oral treatment option. It remains early in
the launch, but so far, we are pleased with the level of interest from patients and physicians. Second,
SPINRAZA generated full year global revenues of $2.1 billion, a 22% increase versus the prior year.
This blockbuster performance was driven by strong year-over-year revenue growth in the U.S. and even
greater revenue growth outside the U.S., including the expanded access program and clinical trials, over
10,000 patients are now being treated with SPINRAZA. Third, full year biosimilars revenue was $738
million, which represents 35% growth year-over-year, driven primarily by IMRALDI.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

We estimate that our biosimilars generated approximately EUR 1.8 billion of savings to the European
health care systems in 2019, which we expect will continue to increase in 2020. This is critical as we
work to create financial headroom for innovation and contribute to the long-term sustainability of the
health care system. We also bolstered our biosimilars business this quarter with a new transaction
with Samsung Bioepis. This provides us access to 2 new potential biosimilars in ophthalmology with a
significant market opportunity in major markets worldwide, including, for the first time, in the U.S. as well
as commercialization rights to our anti-TNFs biosimilars in China.

Fourth, this was an historic year for R&D organization. We are inspired by what the positive implications
of the aducanumab data may mean for patients, physicians and the broader scientific community who
have been waiting decades for therapy that can reduce the clinical decline of Alzheimer's disease. We
are actively engaging with the FDA as well as regulators in Europe and Japan, and we look forward to
completing a regulatory filing in the U.S. as soon as possible. In addition, there has been important
progress related to the redosing study as we have successfully submitted the protocol to the FDA, and we
are currently working with the sites and ethics committees towards study initiation.

Fifth, beyond aducanumab, we continue to expand and progress our pipeline with approval for VUMERITY
in the U.S., a positive data readouts for BIIB059 in lupus and adding 7 new clinical program in MS, ALS,
Parkinson's disease, ophthalmology and brain contusion. 2019 was one of our most productive years
in R&D, and we believe we have multiple opportunities for near-term value creation as we prepare for
multiple potential launches in the early 2020.

Sixth, our cash flow generation remains strong and continued to provide us with significant optionality
and flexibility to allocate capital. In 2019, we generated approximately $7.1 billion in cash flow from
operations, an increase of approximately 14% versus the prior year. Throughout the year, we repurchased
approximately 24 million shares for a total value of approximately $5.9 billion. As we have stated
previously, we view share repurchase as an important element of thoughtful and value-creating capital
allocation. At the same time, we have the financial flexibility and capacity to continue to evaluate potential
external business development and M&A opportunities.

Over the past few years, we have executed 15 business development transaction, which have contributed
to the significant expansion of our pipeline. We executed 4 deals over the past 3 months alone, including
our proposed transaction with Pfizer for a potential symptomatic therapy with potential application in both
Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed
to maximizing returns to our shareholders while continuing to bring innovative therapies to patients,
something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investment over both the short and the
long term.

In summary, 2019 was a very productive and successful for Biogen as we executed on our strategy and
continued to deliver noticeable progress. Our core MS business continued to demonstrate resilience
with growth in both patients and revenues, and we are excited to be launching VUMERITY. SPINRAZA
continued to grow in the U.S. and even more so outside of the U.S. as we continue to expand into new
geographies. With over 10,000 patients on therapy and the largest body of clinical data in SMA, SPINRAZA
remains a foundation of care in SMA. We grew our biosimilars business, and we expanded our portfolio
and geographic presence. We are preparing to lead in the fight against Alzheimer's disease as we plan for
a U.S. filing for aducanumab. Beyond aducanumab, we expanded and progressed our pipeline with 7 new
clinical programs and the positive data readouts in lupus. And we generated ample cash flow as we focus
on strategically allocating capital to maximize shareholder return over the long term.

I will now turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development and Chief Medical Officer

Thank you, Michel, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I would like to welcome back Dr. Maha
Radhakrishnan as the new Chief Medical Officer at Biogen. Maha brings more than 16 years of experience
across multiple geographies in a broad range of therapeutic areas. She previously worked with us here at
Biogen as Vice President, Europe and Canada, Medical; and Vice President, U.S. Medical; and subsequently

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

held senior positions in medical affairs at Bioverativ and Sanofi. Maha's extensive background will be
crucial as we prepare for future pipeline launches, including the potential launch of aducanumab.

As Michel discussed, 2019 was an historic year for Biogen. In addition to announcing positive results on
aducanumab, we made significant progress on building a multifranchise portfolio by receiving approval for
VUMERITY, adding 7 clinical programs and advancing 2 programs to Phase III. Reflecting our modality-
agnostic approach, our neuroscience pipeline now includes small molecules, antibodies, other advanced
biologics, antisense oligonucleotides and gene therapy.

Let me now turn to the advances we made in the fourth quarter, starting with Alzheimer's disease and
dementia. At the Clinical Trials on Alzheimer's Disease, or CTAD, annual meeting held last month in
San Diego, we presented top line results from the Phase III studies of aducanumab in early Alzheimer's
disease. Final analysis of these data showed that EMERGE was a positive study, with the high-dose
regimen of aducanumab achieving statistical significance on both the prespecified primary end point of
CDR sum of boxes as well as on all 3 prespecified secondary end points.

On the other hand, data from the ENGAGE study did not meet the primary end point. Although we do
believe that data from patients who achieved sufficient exposure to high-dose aducanumab in ENGAGE
support the findings of EMERGE. Please note that we do not expect to present additional data on
aducanumab prior to a regulatory decision by the FDA.

As Michel said, with the support of the FDA, we are working to initiate the open-label aducanumab
redosing study as soon as possible. We have successfully submitted the protocol to the FDA, and we are
currently working with the sites and ethics committees towards study initiation. In this study, eligible
patients previously enrolled in our clinical studies, including patients previously treated with either
aducanumab or placebo, will be titrated to 10 milligrams per kilogram aducanumab infusions every 4
weeks.

In addition to aducanumab, we continue to advance a broad Alzheimer's disease portfolio, including the
Phase III study of BAN2401; BIIB080, a tau-targeted antisense oligonucleotide in Phase I; BIIB076,
an anti-tau antibody in Phase I.; and gosuranemab, a distinct anti-tau antibody in Phase II for which
we expect data next year. As we continue to develop our Alzheimer's portfolio, we aim to expand into
even earlier patient populations to potentially prevent the clinical onset of the disease. To that end, our
collaboration partner, Eisai, along with the Alzheimer's Clinical Trials Consortium, plans to initiate the
AHEAD 3 45 program.

AHEAD 345 is comprised of 2 studies, termed A3 and A45. The A3 study will evaluate low-dose BAN2401
versus placebo in cognitively normal individuals who are currently below the threshold for amyloid
positivity, but are at high risk for further amyloid accumulation. The A45 study will evaluate high-dose
240 -- BAN2401 versus placebo in individuals who are amyloid positive, but show little to no cognitive
impairment. Together, these studies will evaluate whether administration of BAN2401 can slow amyloid
accumulation or cognitive decline in the very early stages of Alzheimer's disease.

Turning to MS and neuroimmunology. This quarter, we are pleased to announce that VUMERITY, a novel
oral fumarate, was approved by the FDA for the treatment of relapsing forms of MS. Detailed results from
the Phase II EVOLVE-MS-2 study, which directly compared patient-reported GI tolerability of VUMERITY
and TECFIDERA, were presented at the Annual Meeting of the European Charcot Foundation in November
and published in the journal CNS Drugs earlier this month.

Specifically on the primary end point, these data showed that patients treated with VUMERITY self-
reported 46% fewer days with intensity scores of at least 2 on the individual gastrointestinal symptom
and impact scale compared to TECFIDERA. This result was highly statistically significant with a p-value
of 0.0003. Consistent with these data, the proportion of patients who discontinued the study due to GI-
adverse events was 0.8% for VUMERITY and 4.8% for TECFIDERA. Together, these data indicate that
VUMERITY offers a clinically meaningful improvement in GI tolerability compared with TECFIDERA. Across
our MS portfolio, we continue to advance BIIB091, an oral BTK inhibitor in Phase I; BIIB061, an oral
remyelinating agent in Phase I; and opicinumab, a Phase II anti-lingo antibody for which we expect data in
the middle of this year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Moving to our progress in immunology. There remains a tremendous unmet medical need for people living
with lupus, including both cutaneous and systemic forms. Treatment options for lupus are limited and new
medicines are needed to manage this difficult-to-treat and chronic disease. Our work in lupus builds on a
long history that Biogen has in immunology, including both homegrown assets and collaborations. We were
very excited to report positive data this quarter from the Phase II LILAC study of BIIB059, a potential
first-in-class anti-BDCA2 antibody discovered and developed by Biogen in 2 forms of lupus that affect a
total of approximately 800,000 individuals in the G7. This 2-part study evaluated BIIB059 versus placebo
in individuals with active cutaneous lupus erythematosus, or CLE, with or without systemic manifestations;
and in individuals with systemic lupus erythematosus, or SLE, with active joint and skin manifestations.

With a p-value of less than 0.001, the CLE part of the study met its primary end point by demonstrating
a statistically significant response of BIIB059 on the percentage change from baseline in the CLASI-A
score at week 16. The SLE part of the study also met its primary end point of reducing disease activity
as measured by change from baseline in the total number of tender or swollen joints at week 24. In this
study, patients treated with 450 milligrams of BIIB059 experienced a statistically significant reduction
of 3.4 total active joint counts compared to placebo. In addition, improvements in skin disease and
overall disease activity were consistently observed across multiple secondary end points. The safety and
tolerability of BIIB059 supports its continued development, and we are planning to move forward to Phase
III.

We believe that the BIIB059 program exemplifies important elements of our broader approach to R&D
at Biogen. For example, by implementing biomarkers of target engagement and a measure of clinical
efficacy early in clinical development, we were able to generate compelling proof-of-biology data and
preliminary proof-of-concept data in Phase I, which were subsequently confirmed in a well-controlled
Phase II study. We believe that such derisking strategies may serve to increase the probability of success
of other programs across our portfolio.

In neuromuscular disorders, last month at the International Symposium on ALS Motor Neuron Disease,
Biogen, Ionis Pharmaceuticals and our collaborators were awarded the HEALEY Center international
prize for innovation in ALS. Presented by the ALS Center at Massachusetts General Hospital, this award
recognized our contributions to the discovery and development of tofersen, our antisense oligonucleotide
for SOD1-ALS. At this meeting, we were pleased to present the final data from the Phase I/II study of
tofersen, which demonstrated a statistically significant decrease in CSF SOD1 protein levels and trends
towards slowing of clinical decline as assessed by 3 independent measures compared to placebo.

Furthermore, treatment with tofersen reduced levels of neurofilament in both plasma and CSF. We are
encouraged by the concordance across data sets generated in the study, including target engagement,
clinical and neurofilament data and the broad potential of antisense oligonucleotides to target genetic
drivers of neurodegenerative disease. We expect data from the Phase III VALOR study of tofersen next
year. In addition, we continued to advance the Phase I studies of BIIB078, and ASO for C9orf72 mediated
ALS and BIIB100, a small molecule inhibitor of XP01 for sporadic ALS.

Turning to ophthalmology. This quarter, we completed enrollment in the Phase III STAR study of BIIB111
in choroideremia, a rare x-linked inherited retinal disorder that inevitably leads to blindness and currently
has no approved treatments. Choroideremia affects approximately 15,000 individuals in the G7 and is
caused by loss of function mutations in the gene-encoding Rab escort protein-1, or REP1. BIIB111 is a
gene therapy aimed to address the underlying cause of this disease by expressing an AAV2-packaged
REP1 transgene. In Phase I/II studies, patients treated with BIIB111 demonstrated a higher rate of
maintained vision compared to natural history.

In addition, a subset of patients treated with BIIB111 in Phase I/II studies demonstrated a meaningful
improvement in visual activity as defined -- sorry, in visual acuity as defined by a gain of at least 15
letters corresponding to 3 lines on the eye chart. Specifically, 21% of patients treated with BIIB111
demonstrated an improvement of at least 15 letters at 1 year as compared to only 1% observed in the
NIGHT natural history study. The Phase I/II studies also demonstrated that BIIB111 was generally well
tolerated with an acceptable safety profile. We are encouraged by these early signs of efficacy and safety
and look forward to data from the Phase III study of BIIB111 toward the end of this year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

We are also advancing the Phase II/III study of BIIB112 in XLRP, with data expected in the middle of next
year. In stroke, we continue to advance the Phase III study of BIIB093 or IV glibenclamide for cerebral
edema caused by large hemispheric infarction, or LHI. In a Phase II study, treatment with BIIB093 was
associated with a 46% reduction in midline shift, an imaging measure of cerebral edema, and reduced
mortality by over 50%. We look forward to data from the Phase III study of BIIB093 in LHI by the end of
next year.

In addition, the Phase II study of TMS-007 continues to progress. TMS-007 is a small molecule modulator
of plasminogen that has the potential to become a best-in-class thrombolytic drug candidate for patients
following an acute ischemic stroke. Data from this study are expected by the end of this year.

In movement disorders, we continue to advance cinpanemab or BIIB054, an anti-alpha-synuclein antibody
for Parkinson's disease, with Phase II data expected in the second half of this year as well as the Phase I
study for BIIB094, an antisense oligonucleotide targeting LRRK2. Last month, we reported top line results
from the Phase II PASSPORT study of gosuranemab for PSP. The primary end point was not met, and
we, therefore, discontinued the development of gosuranemab for PSP and other primary tauopathies.
While we were disappointed in this result, we chose to continue the Phase II study of gosuranemab in
early Alzheimer's disease given the potentially significant differences in disease pathophysiology. And
in neurocognitive disorders, we continued to advance a Phase II study of BIIB104, an AMPA receptor
potentiator for cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia. We now expect data from this study in
the second half of this year -- of next year.

Finally, we had a productive quarter on the business development front. Building further depth in
ophthalmology, last month, we entered into an agreement with Catalyst Biosciences to develop and
commercialize Pegylated CB 2782 for the potential treatment of geographic atrophy, or GA. GA is an
advanced form of dry age-related macular degeneration, or AMD, that leads to blindness, has no approved
therapies and affects approximately 1 million individuals in the U.S. alone. This molecule is a novel
protease that selectively cleaves C3, a genetically validated target in AMD, and we are encouraged by
preclinical data demonstrating that a single intravitreal injection of this protease eliminated over 99% of
C3 from the vitreous humur for at least 28 days.

In addition, this quarter, we initiated a collaboration with CAMP4 Therapeutics to leverage their gene
circuitry platform to potentially identify a suite of druggable targets in microglial signaling pathways
already known to play a causal role in neurological disease. And most recently, we announced an
agreement to acquire a novel CNS-penetrant small molecule inhibitor of Casein kinase 1, or CK1, from
Pfizer. CK1 is a key regulator of circadian rhythms, which can become disregulated and contribute
to irregular sleep-wake rhythm disorder, or ISWRD, in Parkinson's disease as well as sundowning in
Alzheimer's disease. ISWRD is a nonmotor symptom of Parkinson's disease characterized by fragmented
sleep, severe fatigue and difficulties with activities of daily living. Sundowning affects approximately 20%
of AD patients and causes patients to become confused, anxious and agitated later in the day.

In a Phase I study -- Phase Ia study, this molecule demonstrated an acceptable safety profile and proof
of mechanism. Specifically, there was a statistically significant and dose-related increase in salivary
melatonin concentration, a marker of circadian phase modulation. We believe this may represent an
innovative symptomatic treatment for both AD and PD, and we expect to initiate a Phase Ib study by the
end of this year. This transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, and we expect it to close in
the first quarter of 2020.

Overall, Biogen R&D delivered significant progress in 2019. We believe we are in a strong position today
with 27 clinical programs, including 6 programs in Phase III, 12 in Phase II and 9 in Phase I, with a deep
preclinical pipeline across multiple modalities. With our plan to file aducanumab in the U.S. and multiple
additional near-term opportunities ahead of us, we believe that no other company is as well positioned to
develop potentially breakthrough medicines for patients living with devastating neurological diseases.

I'll now pass the call over to Jeff.

Jeffrey D. Capello
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Thanks, Al. Good morning, everyone. Let me now provide more details on our financial performance for
2019 and share with you our guidance for 2020.

Let's start with revenues. As Michel mentioned earlier, we had a very strong performance in Q4 2019
across all of our core business areas. Total revenues for the fourth quarter grew 4% year-over-year
to approximately $3.7 billion, and grew 7% for the full year to $14.4 billion. Overall, our MS business
delivered revenues of $2.4 billion in the fourth quarter of 2019, including OCREVUS royalties of
approximately $205 million.

MS revenues in Q4 2019 decreased 1% versus the prior year without OCREVUS royalties, and increased
2%, including OCREVUS royalties. U.S. MS revenues in the fourth quarter of 2019 benefited from an
increase in channel inventory of approximately $135 million compared to an increase of approximately
$105 million in Q4 2018. Based on historical results, we typically see a decrease in channel inventory in
the first quarter following a year-end build of inventory. Full year MS revenues were $9.2 billion, including
OCREVUS royalties of approximately $688 million. Full year MS revenues decreased 1% versus the prior
year without OCREVUS royalties and increased 2% versus the prior year including OCREVUS royalties.

Global fourth quarter TECFIDERA revenues were $1.2 billion, a 5% increase versus the prior year. This
included revenues of $877 million in the U.S., an increase of 2% versus Q4 2018 and $284 million outside
the U.S., an increase of 12% versus the fourth quarter of 2018. TECFIDERA benefited from an increase in
channel inventory in the U.S. of approximately $100 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to an
increase of approximately $60 million in Q4 2018. Throughout 2019, we were pleased to see 4 consecutive
quarters of relative stability in our share of total prescriptions for TECFIDERA in the U.S.

In addition to strong performance from TECFIDERA, we launched VUMERITY in late Q4 in the U.S., and
recorded $5 million of revenue, all of which we attribute to channel loading. Outside the U.S., TECFIDERA
again performed very well in the fourth quarter with strong patient growth in all major European markets
and approximately 50% patient growth in Asia Pacific and Latin America versus the prior year. For the
full year, worldwide TECFIDERA revenues were $4.4 billion, an increase of 4% versus the prior year. This
included $3.3 billion in the U.S. and $1.1 billion in sales outside the U.S.

Interferon revenues, including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY, were $516 million during the fourth quarter,
a decrease of 14% versus Q4 2018 due to a continued shift from the injectable platforms to oral or
high-efficacy therapies. This included $359 million in the U.S. and $157 million in sales outside the
U.S. Interferon revenues outside the U.S. were negatively impacted by channel dynamics and timing of
shipments. Within the U.S., AVONEX and PLEGRIDY benefited from an increase in channel inventory of
approximately $30 million compared to an increase of approximately $35 million in Q4 2018. For the full
year, worldwide interferon revenues decreased 11% to $2.1 billion, consisting of $1.4 billion in the U.S.
and $675 million in sales outside the U.S.

TYSABRI worldwide revenues were $473 million this quarter, an increase of 2% versus the fourth quarter
of 2018. This included $270 million in the U.S. and $203 million outside the U.S. In the U.S., revenues
increased 5% versus the prior year, representing the fourth consecutive quarter of improved performance
on a year-over-year basis. Within the U.S., inventory levels for TYSABRI were relatively stable compared
to an increase of approximately $10 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. Throughout 2019, we were
pleased to see relative stability in TYSABRI's share of both new and total prescriptions in the U.S.

Outside the U.S., TYSABRI revenues decreased 2% versus the prior year as revenues were negatively
impacted by channel dynamics and timing of shipments. For the full year, worldwide TYSABRI revenues
were approximately $1.9 billion, an increase of 2% versus prior year. We recorded U.S. revenues of $1
billion and $850 million internationally. Overall, we were very pleased with the performance of our MS
business in 2019 and are focused on maintaining the resilience of this franchise in light of new competition
entering the market.

Let me now move on to SPINRAZA. Global fourth quarter SPINRAZA revenues were $543 million, a 16%
increase versus the prior year and relatively flat versus the third quarter. In the U.S., SPINRAZA revenues
for the fourth quarter of 2019 were $243 million, an increase of 3% versus both Q4 2018 and Q3 2019.
The number of patients on therapy in the U.S. increased 2% as compared to the end of the third quarter

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

of 2019, with growth coming from both the pediatric and adult patient segments. We continue to make
strong progress with adults as more than 50% of the new starts in Q4 were adults and growth in adults
exceeded our overall patient growth.

As a reminder, the adult population is the largest segment of the market. We have continued to see an
impact from gene therapy within the infant population, which represents approximately 5% of the total
SMA market.

Outside the U.S., SPINRAZA revenues in the fourth quarter of 2019 were $300 million, an increase of
28% versus the prior year and a decrease of 3% versus the prior quarter. Outside the U.S., we saw strong
growth in patients across all regions, with broad growth from both existing and newly launched countries.
The number of commercial SPINRAZA patients increased approximately 10% versus the third quarter of
2019. Despite strong overall patient growth, fourth quarter ex-U.S. SPINRAZA revenues decreased slightly
versus the third quarter this year due to a combination of loading dose dynamics, country mix, the timing
of shipments in certain markets and pricing dynamics.

Overall, we were very pleased with SPINRAZA's performance again this quarter as we saw continued
patient growth across the large, mature markets and strong uptake in the emerging markets. Additionally,
more than 50% of our revenue came from outside the U.S., and there remains significant opportunity to
reach additional patients, particularly outside the U.S. For the full year, worldwide SPINRAZA revenues
increased 22% to $2.1 billion, driven by 9% growth in the U.S. to $933 million and 34% growth outside
the U.S. to $1.2 million.

Let me now move on to our biosimilars business, which generated revenues of $196 million this quarter,
growing 25% versus the prior year. We estimate that we have more than 200,000 patients receiving
treatments with our 3 anti-TNFs biosimilars, which is a significant increase of approximately 70% versus
the prior year. BENEPALI is the leading Enbrel biosimilar in Germany, the U.K. and Italy. FLIXABI is the
most prescribed REMICADE biosimilar in Italy. And IMRALDI is the leading HUMIRA biosimilar in major
markets such as Germany and the U.K. For the full year, biosimilars revenues grew 35% to $738 million.

Turning to our anti-CD20 revenues. We recorded $601 million for the fourth quarter, an increase of 12%
versus the prior year primarily driven by OCREVUS royalties. Full year anti-CD20 revenues were $2.3
billion, a 16% increase versus 2018. In fourth quarter, we saw the first entry of a RITUXAN biosimilar.
We expect additional biosimilar entrants in 2020, which we expect will put further pressure on RITUXAN
revenues. Also as a reminder, our royalty rate on U.S. sales of OCREVUS resets every calendar year.

Total other revenues were $146 million in the fourth quarter, a decrease of 12% versus the prior year due
to the timing of shipments. Other revenues were $708 million for the full year, an increase of 21% versus
2018. As a reminder, other revenues in the first quarter of 2019 benefited from a large one-time shipment
of Bioverativ. In addition, note that revenues are variable and difficult to predict.

Let me now turn to gross margin performance. Q4 2019 gross margin was 88% of revenues versus
approximately 86% in the fourth quarter of 2018. The improvement in gross margin was due to slightly
lower royalties as well as lower cost related to our revenues. Gross margins for the full year 2019 were
approximately 86%, relatively flat compared to full year 2018. Q4 GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense was
19% of revenue or $692 million. Q4 R&D expense includes $63 million related to the transaction with
Samsung Bioepis, the $45 million opt-in payment we made to Ionis related to BIIB080 and $30 million
related to our collaboration agreements with CAMP4 Therapeutics and Catalyst Biosciences.

Full year GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense was 16% of revenue or $2.3 billion. Q4 GAAP SG&A expense
was 18% of revenue or $665 million. Q4 non-GAAP SG&A expense was 18% of revenue or $662 million.
Both GAAP and non-GAAP SG&A increased versus the prior quarter primarily due to increased commercial
and medical investments as well as the timing of spend on G&A. Full year GAAP SG&A was 17% of sales or
$2.4 billion. Full year non-GAAP SG&A was 16% of sales or $2.3 billion.

GAAP other expense, which includes interest, was $49 million in the fourth quarter and GAAP other income
was $83 million for the full year. Non-GAAP other expense was $50 million in the fourth quarter and $110
million for the full year. The difference between these GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven primarily by

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

gains on strategic investments, which we classify as GAAP only. In the fourth quarter and the full year, our
GAAP and non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 16%. Compared to the prior year, GAAP and non-GAAP
tax rates for both the full year and the fourth quarter of 2019 benefited from a nonrecurring change in the
company's tax profile in 2019 and the sale of the remaining portion of higher tax inventory in 2018 due to
intercompany effects. Furthermore, the GAAP rate also benefited from the unfavorable prior year effect of
U.S. tax reform in 2018.

Our weighted average diluted share count was approximately 178 million for the fourth quarter and 187
million for the full year. Throughout 2019, we repurchased approximately 24 million shares at an average
price of approximately $249 for a total value of approximately $5.9 billion, including approximately 7.7
million shares in the fourth quarter for a total value of approximately $2.1 billion. As of the end of the
year, we had a total of approximately $6.3 billion in share repurchase authorization outstanding, including
the new $5 billion plan approved by the Board in December of 2019. Which now brings us to our diluted
earnings per share. In the fourth quarter, we booked GAAP EPS of $8.08, an increase of 71% versus the
fourth quarter of 2018 and non-GAAP earnings per share of $8.34, a 19% increase versus the prior year.
For the full year, GAAP EPS was $31.42, a 46% increase versus 2018 and non-GAAP EPS was $33.57, a
28% increase versus 2018.

We generated approximately $2 billion in net cash flows from operations in Q4 and approximately $7.1
billion for the full year, marking the final year where cash flows are impacted by payments to Fumapharm.
We ended the quarter with approximately $5.9 billion in cash and marketable securities and $6 billion in
debt.

Let me now turn to our full year guidance for 2020. We expect revenues of approximately $14 billion to
$14.3 billion. We anticipate GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense to be between 15% and 16% of revenues.
We expect GAAP and non-GAAP SG&A expense to be approximately 19.5% to 20.5% revenue. We
anticipate our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates for 2020 to be between 18% to 19%. And we anticipate full
year 2020 GAAP diluted earnings per share results of $29.50 to $31.50 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per
share to be between $31.50 to $33.50.

It's important to note that this guidance does not include any impact from potential acquisitions or large
business development transactions as both are hard to predict. This guidance does assume our proposed
transaction with Pfizer closes. Our guidance also assumes a stable share count off the fourth quarter
of 2019 and no change to foreign exchange rates. Importantly, our guidance also assumes no generic
competition in the U.S. for TECFIDERA in 2020 and assumes additional commercial and R&D expenses
related to aducanumab. This guidance reflects our best assumptions as of now. And as a reminder, we will
provide an update midyear on our second quarter earnings call.

I'll now turn the call back over to Michel for his closing comments.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

Thank you, Jeff. We delivered strong performance in 2019 with growth across all of our core business
areas, double-digit earnings growth versus a year ago and strong execution across each pillar of our
strategy. For 2020, we aim to continue our momentum by executing well on our strategic priorities across
MS, SMA, biosimilars and our pipeline, with a priority on aducanumab. We are actively preparing for the
potential launch of aducanumab with an initial focus on the U.S. This includes implementing a thorough
go-to-market model, hiring the sales force, building out our medical teams and preparing for market
access. In addition, we are actively engaging with regulators outside of the U.S., including Europe and
Japan.

Beyond aducanumab, our pipeline is maturing. We now have 6 programs in Phase III and 27 clinical
programs overall, an increase from 17 just 3 years ago. We have multiple near-term opportunities for
value creation, including in Alzheimer's disease, ALS, stroke, lupus, ophthalmology and biosimilars as we
aim to build a multifranchise portfolio. Between now and the end of 2021, we expect 11 mid- to late-stage
data readouts, including Phase III readouts for tofersen in ALS, BIIB111 in choroideremia and BIIB093 in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

large hemispheric infraction and 8 Phase II readouts across MS, Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease,
ophthalmology, schizophrenia, acute neurology and neuropathic pain.

As the leader in neuroscience with asymmetric core capabilities, we believe that no other company is
better positioned to continue to deliver breakthrough therapies for diseases of the nervous system to
address a significant and growing unmet medical need. We'll continue to execute on our core strategy
to build the multifranchise portfolio across our core and emerging growth areas. I want to reiterate our
commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over
the long term. This demands that we continue to look at capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately.
As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as
aim for superior returns from the investment we make.

I'd like to take a moment to discuss our broader purpose as an organization as we aim to pioneer
science for the betterment of humanity. This includes doing the right thing for patients, our employees,
the environment and the community, all of which we believe contributes to a long-term sustainable
shareholder value. I am proud of what Biogen stands for, and I believe this approach positions us
well to be a sustainable organization over the long term as we remain focused on being the leader in
neuroscience to address the tremendous societal needs in this space.

Finally, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive
impact on patients' life, and all of the physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development
programs. Our past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment.
We will now open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Geoff Porges with SVB Leerink.

Geoffrey Craig Porges
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Congratulations on the quarter and the results and all the progress. Just a quick couple of questions, Jeff,
on the guidance. Could you talk about what assumptions are built into your guidance about the effect of
the Risdiplam imminent launch on SPINRAZA? And also just have you incorporated the full launch costs
for aducanumab? Your sales force and everything you mentioned that, but is it fully budgeted in that
guidance?

Jeffrey D. Capello
Executive VP & CFO

So thanks for the questions, Geoff. So with regard to Risdiplam, we are assuming that that product does
launch. And so we're anticipating, as everyone else is, to kind of see the data and kind of what it means.
We'll just remind people that we have 10,000 people on therapy today, doing very well with a very low
discontinuation rate. So we'll see kind of what happens on the data and how that product is received. But
certainly, there's a lot of growth opportunity for us ahead.

With regard to aducanumab, we're not going to give specific perspective on numbers in terms of the
launch. But I would just point you back to looking at the SG&A guidance, which is up quite a bit from a
percentage perspective, and you get a sense of the amount we're spending year-over-year relative to that
we spent last year. And that is, I think, the prudent thing to do, given this significant opportunity ahead of
us, which we're quite excited about.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Maybe just 2 for me. Just wondering if you can give us any more detail on what's gating to the
aducanumab filing? And then are you expecting a priority review? And then the outlook in terms of the ex-
U.S. regulatory filings there. Do you have a similar level of confidence in filing in both Europe and Japan as
you do in the U.S.?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development and Chief Medical Officer

Terence, this is Al. We -- it's basically a matter of putting together documentation, the electronic common
technical document, it's an electronic document with hyperlinks, et cetera. It's a matter of assembling all
that and submitting that to the FDA. And in terms of the engagement, we've been engaged with them
since last -- the first Type C meeting last June, and it's been very constructive. It's -- I've never -- this is a
unique situation to me. It's pretty unusual, I think, across the industry. But I'll say that it's been -- there's
been a high level of constructive engagement ever since last June. And with respect to the other regions,
we have started our engagement with them, but it's still early days. And -- but we do anticipate that we
will be filing at some point in those other regions as well at some point.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ronny Gal with Bernstein.

Aaron Gal

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Congratulations on the results. You've mentioned you're beginning to -- the redosing trial. I wonder if
you can just talk to us a little bit about what you're trying to achieve with that trial. Essentially, now that
you've got a protocol, what are the end points and what is the data that we should see from that? And
then second on VUMERITY, can you describe a little bit the launch plans here? I guess it didn't really make
commercial step yet. Can you talk a little bit about whether you intend to give it the same kind of parity
business model to TECFIDERA? Or will there be some things you do with VUMERITY that -- in terms of
access, support and so forth, that will be better or worse than TECFIDERA?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development and Chief Medical Officer

Ronny, it's Al. Well, the main reason for the redosing study were humanitarian reasons. We had all these
patients who had volunteered to be in our clinical studies. They helped us develop aducanumab. We
thought we owed something to them. Many of them had expressed a desire to the investigators that they
wanted the drug. So that's the primary reason. As I said on -- in my notes that -- in my script that it's a
single-arm study basically. Every patient gets titrated up to 10 milligrams per kilogram, aducanumab. And
all patients who were in prior studies, including placebo patients are eligible.

In a single-arm study, the main thing you can really look at is safety and tolerability, and we had always
envisioned doing a long-term extension study, in fact, we had one in place to evaluate long-term safety
and tolerability. And so that's the primary end point of the study. In addition, of course, we'll add -- we'll
take a look at efficacy as best you can in a single-arm study because we would be interested in continued
-- if there's durable effect. Obviously, we'll be looking at amyloid and other biomarkers. And we'll also see
whether or not the treatment gap had any effect on these kinds of markers.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

So Ronny, concerning the second part of your question. With superior to take GI tolerability, we have the
opportunity with VUMERITY to strengthen the overall fumarate portfolio. But TECFIDERA remains front and
center in our promotion, you see the performance, we continue to support. And again, a key metric will
be to increase the share of this fumarate down the road. We are pleased with the access to date that is
superior to what we have seen from competition a few months after launch, and for some competitor, 12
months after launch. So we are pleased with the access. We monitor very closely the stat forms and the
grads. We are pleased to see so far that there is more stat forms being issued ex-TEC than TEC. So this
is -- but it's still the beginning. It's a bit too early. We'll come back with more color when we have more
data.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company.

Philip M. Nadeau
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

It's actually on TECFIDERA and the IP. I believe we're going to get a decision on the IPR next week. Can
you remind us, in the case where the IP were to fall, what would be the next steps? What is the appeal
process there? And then secondarily, what is the status of the court case? Can you give us an update on
the time lines there, should the IPR actually go your way next week?

Jeffrey D. Capello
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, so it's Jeff. So there is an expected decision from the IPR perspective no later than the end of the
first week of February, so that will be the first of the 3 decisions. Depending on how that goes, if it goes
in our favor, that's great. If it doesn't, we plan to appeal, and the appeal process typically takes 12 to 18
months. 2 other cases, West Virginia and Delaware, are expected to readout some point midyear, plus
or minus a month or 2. Depending on how those go, if those go our way, that's great. If not, we plan to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

appeal all those and the appeal period, again, tends to take 12 to 18 months. So we obviously await kind
of the results of that.

We do believe we have valid patents. Nonetheless, these outcomes are difficult to predict. There's a
number of considerations that need to be weighed. There's obviously multiple decisions that we just
talked about, there's the appeal periods. And then there's handicapping whether or not people -- if
we're unsuccessful, we'll launch at risk. But it's difficult to predict in the short term, so we'll keep people
apprised at kind of the developments as we move our way through the year.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore.

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Al, I just wanted to build on Alzheimer's for a minute, if I may. And it's very clear that FDA has a long
history of approving CNS drugs, which have failed and/or negative trials in the past. However, every time
FDA goes down that direction, I find that they pool results across every single thing. So my question is,
if you pool results across ENGAGE, EMERGE and Phase Ib, what does that look like? That would be very
helpful to understand. And also how many post-hoc analyses were done before you guys arrived at the
Protocol Version 4 population. I mostly ask because I'm trying to understand how we should think about
what should be the p-value given all the splits that theoretically should be thought about before we arrived
at the PV 4?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development and Chief Medical Officer

So Umer -- I mean sorry, Umer, this is Al Sandrock. I -- we haven't disclosed the results of any other kinds
of analyses, including pooling or subsets. So we're not going to do that this morning. But I would say that
-- I would not assume that -- I mean when you look back in the history of approved drugs, I wouldn't
say it's always the case that pooling is done. I think that there are exceptions to that, and so I would not
assume that here. And let's see, your question -- the other question was, how many post-hoc analyses,
we did say it was post hoc, but I don't remember how many there were.

Operator

Next question is from the line of Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just have a few. On SMA and clinical development, patients on ZOLGENSMA switched back to SPINRAZA.
Just curious if you guys have seen evidence that this is occurring in the real world? And then Al, a bigger
picture question on Alzheimer's. So if I assume that an Abeta antibody is an anchor therapy, when we look
down the road at combination approaches, is there sort of a fast path to derisk? In other words, do you
feel like FDA -- you can look at surrogate markers such as a PET imaging initially, and then down the road,
look at cognition? Just want to get a sense for looking at post aducanumab?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development and Chief Medical Officer

Yes. So we -- your first question was about SMA and ZOLGENSMA. I mean I don't really consider that
switch back, if you will, because if they've had ZOLGENSMA, arguably that they're still on it, if you
will. They're getting the effect of the gene therapy. So in some ways, it's like a combination of adding
SPINRAZA. We have heard about that. It does happen in the real world. And you might wonder why
people are doing that, I think it's because the parents and the physicians feel like there might be more
room to improve. And so that's what I hear from -- in the real world. But in terms of data from that, we
are starting to collect that data, but we have -- don't have any conclusions at this point. But we are --

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

because it's happening in the real world, and since we're very interested in real-world evidence, we are
starting to collect that data.

In terms of Alzheimer's in combination, I mean one of the reasons why we built the pipeline the way we
did was that we had always envisioned combination therapy. And the first obvious thing to combine a
aducanumab or BIIB2401 with would be an anti-tau or a tau ASO something that affects tau. We were
actually pleasantly surprised that aducanumab already affects tau, though, so we'll have to keep that in
mind. But nevertheless, I think the most obvious thing to do would be to combine with tau as the next
step, and it may be that there are certain stages of the disease that need the combination more than
other stages.

And in terms of a fast track, yes, we will employ biomarkers, not only of the toxic proteins that we're
trying to reduce, Abeta and tau, but also potentially other kinds of biomarkers that look at additive effects
in a more expedient way. But I mean ultimately, I anticipate we will need to show some effect of the
combination on reducing clinical decline further, I think that will still be important. Unless you can't do it.
In other words, if you're in an early stage of Alzheimer's where there's no cognitive impairment, you may
not be able to do it, where biomarkers may -- alone may be the only approach.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies.

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

You had made some comments around preparation for aducanumab, including SG&A. Could you just put
a little more color around, I guess, the work being done in terms of timing of when you actually expect
the sales force to be on? And maybe some comments around what you're hearing from payers, and they
would -- how they are putting their perspective to this type of drug? And what type of access that type
of drug would get? And then just a quick one also for Al. There is a DIAN-TU study reading out. I'm sure
people will try to make read-throughs into what this means for the beta amyloid about this? Just maybe
just a comment on anything to know or your perspective on that study.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

So Michael, if I can get started with the launch readiness. Actually, the work started more than 2 years
ago with an understanding of the patient journey, from origination to diagnosis, the referral dynamics that
changed from market to market, and even within the U.S., which is different, understand the different
types of market within the U.S., it's the different segments. We have analyzed the go-to-market for the
U.S. This has been approved and this is funded in our budget, as discussed. And the hiring has started,
first with the medical affairs, obviously. Engagement with scientific leaders, also at the community level
is important. And also the biomanufacturing needs to be stepped up and be ready for eventually a larger
demand with the functional support, okay? To support the increased engagement and team.

In terms of price, it's still early, even if we are making progress. We engage with stakeholders because,
as you can imagine, there is almost no drug cost today. So we engage with patient association,
pharmacoeconomics, [ therapeutics ] and all the customers, mostly in the U.S. and beyond the U.S.
Beyond the price, it's all about the access condition and the affordability. We know that the more we wait,
the more transition -- the people will transition to full-blown assistance and loss of dependence, which
costs so much the society. So basically, we start engaging. And hopefully, we'll have all the incentives
in that field in order to further invest in R&D. This is our belief. So good progress, step-by-step, but we
engage broadly and we ask for advice and we listen.

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development and Chief Medical Officer

Michael, it's Al. DIAN-TU, so DIAN is the dominantly inherited Alzheimer's network. So obviously, in these
patients, amyloid is likely to be causal because most of the dominantly inherited mutations that lead

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

to primarily Alzheimer's disease are patients either in APP, the amyloid precursor protein, or enzymes
that process it. So -- and so I think that these are very interesting studies. My understanding is that
solanezumab and gantenerumab are being tested. If the results are positive, I think that that would
lend further support to the amyloid hypothesis. If the results are negative, I'd want to see that there is
evidence of target engagement and biological changes in the brain before I make any conclusions.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.

Cory William Kasimov
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I wanted to ask on capital allocation. And given the company's current portfolio and pipeline, considering
prevailing market dynamics, how do you look at the relative attractiveness between continued share
repurchases, considering the $6-plus billion in dry powder you have there, and business development
opportunities? I guess do you have enough bandwidth to do both in a meaningful way? And do you -- and
how much of an appetite do you have on the acquisition front at this time?

Jeffrey D. Capello
Executive VP & CFO

So Cory, it's Jeff. Thanks for the question. So we're in a good position from that perspective, right? We
have no net debt as of the end of the year. In 2019, we generated $7 billion of cash flow, and we expect
that we'll have a strong cash flow year again in 2020. So we've got the financial flexibility to do both, and
we have been doing both. Over the last 3 years, we've done 15 M&A BD-type transaction, spending $3.5
billion. And in the last year alone, we bought back 24 million shares for almost $6 billion. So our interest is
strong in terms of building the pipeline. We've taken the pipeline from 17 clinical assets to 27, significant
increase.

And of those 27, there's 11 that have important readouts in the next 2 years, 5 of which could have a
meaningful impact on the company. So we feel good about that. We'd like to continue to add to those
assets and build the pipeline. But at the same point, we have $6.3 billion of authorized share repurchase
capability as well. So we'll continue to make good decisions that are in the best interest, long-term to the
shareholders, and we'll have the capacity to do both.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I had one for Al on 2 pipeline programs. Al, can you just comment why a LRRK2 ASO could be
differentiated from the kinase inhibitors that we've seen in development? And then maybe just share your
views on anti-LINGO-1 MS? So has that changed since you initiated that study? Or any updated news
there?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development and Chief Medical Officer

So LRRK2 is a wonderful target, we believe, for Parkinson's disease, not only for this -- for patients with
familial PD due to LRRK2 mutations, but also potentially even for sporadic Parkinson's disease. And the
ASO I mean it's another approach to -- it's -- instead of inhibiting the enzyme with a small molecule, you
reduce the levels of LRRK2, and it remains to be seen. One thing I'll say about the ASO is that at CNS,
because we give it intrathecally, it's only going to affect LRRK2 in the central nervous system, whereas a
small molecule may have effects on the enzyme in other places. But I would say other than that, it's kind
of early days for whether or not these drugs will be effective.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

And in terms of anti-LINGO, the Phase II study that we're doing now is different from the first Phase II
study in the sense that we selected patients based on advanced imaging to be sure that they actually
had demyelination based on MTR and actually had intact axons based on DTI. We also chose the dose
that looked the most promising based on the first Phase II study. And we're combining it with multiple
different kinds of immunomodulators. In the first trial, we only combined it with interferon, but now
we're combining it with TECFIDERA and TYSABRI as well as interferon to see whether or not the level of
inflammatory disease in the brain affects remyelination. And perhaps when you have less inflammation,
the oligodendrocyte precursor cells may be able to remyelinate better. So that's the difference, and we'll
find out soon whether or not the second trial is positive.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Jay Olson with Oppenheimer.

Jay Olson
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Congrats on a successful 2019. Could you elaborate on the rationale for studying BAN2401 in patients
whose amyloid levels fall below the threshold of positivity? And is the goal here to create a complementary
positioning for BAN2401 in patient segments that would be distinct from aducanumab?

Alfred W. Sandrock
Executive VP of Research & Development and Chief Medical Officer

Well, we do view this -- we do view the 2 drugs as part of a multidrug franchise, and we will use the drugs
where they naturally fit the best and we'll need data for that. Just because they're not positive based on
a visual read, that doesn't mean there's no amyloid accumulation. So I think that's a distinction. And in
some ways, the A345 study looks at -- between the 2 studies, looks a both Stage 1 and Stage 2, both of
the -- both stages as defined by the FDA guidance document that came out last year on the various stages
of Alzheimer's disease. So I would say that those 2 studies evaluate both Stage 1 and Stage 2 and both
are important to study, I believe.

Joe Mara
VP of Finance and Head of Investor Relations

There's probably time for 2 more questions.

Operator

Your next question will come from the line of Evan Seigerman with Crédit Suisse.

Evan David Seigerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Congrats on the quarter. Just looking towards next week with potential results from the IPR. If they were
to not go your way, would you consider reprioritizing your business development priorities versus share
repurchases? Or would you have to wait until you kind of see the results of the court cases midyear?

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

So thanks for the good question and we see business development, M&A opportunities as being
independent from what happens next week or what happened 6 months ago, in March. We continue to
remain -- we are very engaged on BD opportunities, and the team continue to look at the opportunities to
create value for the shareholders. And this will be independent from any end.

Jeffrey D. Capello
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And just as a reminder, we ended the year with no net debt. And in 2019, we generated $7 billion in
-- on cash flow. So we've got the capacity to do both.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Operator

The final question will come from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with SunTrust.

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Just to give us some comfort, as like investors and we think about Alzheimer's, should it be approved,
given that you're giving a huge amount of antibody. Can you give us any comfort around cost of goods
and margins that it wouldn't be too harmful? I know you guys have very good manufacturing capacity,
but that's still a lot of antibodies. So when would we learn this? And can you give us any comfort that the
dollar amount to make this drug isn't extremely high that it would overburden the system?

Jeffrey D. Capello
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So thanks for the question. So it's obviously something we've been looking at for a while. And all
I'll say, I don't want to get into too much specifics with regard to that at this point in time, but we're
comfortable that given the nature of the substance that we'll produce, it will be a fair margin, and it will do
well economically.

Joe Mara
VP of Finance and Head of Investor Relations

So I'm going to turn it back over to Michel for his closing comments.

Michel Vounatsos
CEO & Director

So thank you all for being on the call. We turned the page of a very strong 2019, and now the team at
Biogen is ready for a very material 2020, and obviously, with a priority for a potential aducanumab. Thank
you for your attention.

Joe Mara
VP of Finance and Head of Investor Relations

Thank you. End the call.

Operator
Thank you again for joining today's conference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BIOGEN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

