Booking Holdings Inc. NasdaqGS:BKNG
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, August 06, 2020 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(11.58)

(10.81)

Revenue  (mm)

561.73

-

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-06-2020 12:18 PM GMT

NM

12.15

10.76

14.32

68.47

2143.82

7180.94

11393.56

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

44.43

22.12

5.14

45.36

23.30

3.77

(11.58)

(10.81)

2.09 %

5.33 %

(26.65 %)

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Alaxandar Wang
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Christopher Louis Kuntarich
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Dae K. Lee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Mark Stephen F. Mahaney
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Naved Ahmad Khan
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Stephen D. Ju
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Daniel B. Powell
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Deepak Mathivanan
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Eric James Sheridan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Justin Post
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Lee Horowitz
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Booking Holdings' Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call.

Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements,
which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to
certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may
differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements.

Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than
historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could
cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking
statements, please refer to the safe harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press
release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and
statistical supplement, is available through the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website,
www.bookingholdings.com.

I'd now like to introduce Booking Holdings' speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden.
Go ahead, gentlemen.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Thank you. And welcome to Booking Holdings' Second Quarter Conference Call. I'm joined this afternoon
by our CFO, David Goulden.

We felt the full impact of COVID-19 during the second quarter with reported room nights, which includes
the impact of cancellations, declining 87% year-over-year. Newly booked room nights, excluding the
impact of cancellations, declined 68% in the quarter. The high cancellation rate of pre-COVID bookings,
which we witnessed in March and April, combined with the overall weak travel demand environment,
significantly impacted our revenue and EBITDA this quarter.

Revenue declined 84% versus last year, and we recorded an adjusted EBITDA loss of $376 million, the first
time we have produced a quarterly EBITDA loss since 2001. We witnessed the greatest negative impact
from the virus in April as newly booked room nights in that month declined over 85% year-over-year.
After April, room night trends have steadily improved with newly booked room nights in July declining
about 35% year-over-year. The improved booking trends were primarily driven by domestic travel, with
international trends seeing much more limited improvement. In July, we reached slightly positive year-
over-year growth for overall domestic newly booked room nights, though, of course, there are many
countries that still have negative year-over-year growth rates. In addition, it is an obvious point that our
domestic business is benefiting from prohibitions and restrictions on international travel, which forces
consumers who want a holiday to travel domestically.

While almost all of our global markets showed improvement through the quarter, Europe and the United
States had the highest contribution to the improved domestic booking trends. As a reminder, a very high
percentage of our new bookings have been made with flexible cancellation policies and may be canceled in
the future. And as we see new outbreaks of COVID-19, cancellations may increase again.

While we are pleased to see signs of recovery in domestic travel, we want to emphasize that it is
impossible to tell how the coming months will unfold. Unfortunately, many areas of the world continue
to have very high infection rates. And in some regions, they're dealing with new outbreaks after having

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

significantly lowered their infection rates. As a result, after a period of relatively steady improvement in
many geographies, in recent weeks, we are seeing these growth rates worsen in some countries.

We continue to believe that in order to recover to pre-COVID levels, we will need to have a vaccine or
effective treatment, which will take time to produce and distribute globally at the scale needed. We are
pleased to have recently read news about progress on this front, but we believe it will be years and not
quarters before the travel market returns to pre-COVID volumes.

In those countries and regions where shelter-in-place rules were relaxed and economies reopened, we
witnessed booking trends improve quickly. We believe part of this initial burst of demand is due to people's
pent-up desire to go somewhere after being in a lockdown situation. It also demonstrates people's deep
desire to travel, providing it is safe.

Throughout this initial reopening phase, we have seen new customer booking and travel patterns emerge.
In line with our growth in domestic travel, we are seeing that bookers are choosing to stay closer to home
and are more interested in less urban areas than pre-COVID. The share of these types of bookings on our
platform has increased meaningfully this quarter.

We also see that our customers are booking more alternative accommodations than in the past, which
often have the benefit of reduced potential interaction with other travelers. In Q2, Booking.com alternative
accommodations represented about 40% of all new bookings in the quarter. We've also seen an increase
in travelers booking stays with more flexible cancellation policies due to the uncertain travel environment
we currently face. Our platform is well positioned to capture these travel demand patterns due to our
very capable marketing teams, global footprint, extensive accommodation choice and diversification of
cancellation policy and rate types.

We have adapted our marketplace to operate more efficiently in this new travel demand environment to
benefit both our supply partners and customers. We are working closely with our supply partners so they
can more effectively market on our platform to capture the growing travel demand. As our partners seek
assistance to better respond to these new domestic and intra-regional demand patterns, we are working
to provide more information and advice as to the nature of the demand and offering the best programs on
our platform that will help them capture this demand.

We are also helping our partners more effectively communicate and showcase the steps that they have
taken to increase their own health and safety protocols at their properties, something we know travelers
are keen to understand in order to make informed booking decisions. Finally, we continue to extend
our payments platform to more of our supply partners, and it remains a key initiative for us this year.
Developing merchant capabilities has valuable benefits for both our supply partners and bookers.

As we discussed on our Q1 earnings call, we articulated a series of plans to help navigate the company
through these challenging times. The first phase was focused on stabilizing the business in the initial
stages of the crisis, which included supporting our employees and increasing our cash position. The second
phase was focused on optimizing the business for the expected decrease in travel demand over the next
few years. The final phase is focused on positioning the business to capture travel demand as it develops,
so that we can emerge from the crisis on a strong footing and extend our leadership position.

We completed the stabilization phase and are now working through our optimization phase. These actions
have allowed us to lay the important groundwork that will set us up to emerge from the pandemic in a
position of strength. During our optimization phase, we assessed our total cost structure and developed
plans to align it with expected market demand over the next few quarters. We completed this work at
KAYAK, OpenTable and Agoda in the second quarter and recently completed it at Priceline in July.

The restructuring charge we took in the second quarter only relates to the rightsizing activities at KAYAK,
OpenTable and Agoda. These actions had the effect of reducing headcount by approximately 22% across
these brands, including some furloughed employees. While the cost savings, net of restructuring costs,
will be modest this year, we expect that these cost reductions will produce over $80 million of annual
personnel savings.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

With respect to Booking.com, we have further developed our intentions for the appropriate level of
personnel and other cost reductions in light of expected business levels. Booking.com is in the process
of consulting with its works councils and employee representatives and working through local labor
regulations in the countries where we operate. We hope to finalize our plans and to have more definitive
news over the coming months. We expect that up to about 25% of Booking.com's global workforce could
be impacted by these actions. We expect that business functions most closely tied to transaction volumes
will be impacted the most. At this time, and subject to our consultation with the Dutch works council,
employee representatives and other organizations, we estimate that these cost reductions at Booking.com
could produce annual personnel savings between $250 million to $300 million. This preliminary estimate
may change, and we will update you in the coming months on the expected restructuring costs associated
with these reductions. It is our hope to make all announcements to employees about these cost reductions
by the end of 2020.

In conclusion, we have learned from when we could not travel how important travel is to our lives.
Whether to see family or friends or to explore new places and cultures, travel is fundamental to who we
are. Our wish list campaign, which drew on insights from millions of customers liking accommodations
they would want to visit, affirm the innate desire or demand that will always endure for travel. This
campaign reiterates the energy and passion that we know remains for travel.

This has been a challenging quarter, and we've had to make some very difficult decisions. We believe it will
take years for travel to fully recover, but I have great confidence in our employees and our capabilities,
and I could not be more proud of how our entire team has handled themselves during these trying times.

I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. I'll review our operating results for the second quarter and provide
some color on the trends we saw through the quarter and into July. All growth rates are relative to the
prior year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. Information regarding reconciliation of non-
GAAP to GAAP can be found in our earnings release. Now on to our results for the quarter.

In our last earnings call in May, we discussed the trends we saw early in the second quarter, including a
year-over-year decline in newly booked room nights of about 85% in April. As a reminder, newly booked
room nights excludes the impact of cancellations. April ultimately proved to be the low point for newly
booked room night declines in Q2 as we saw a steady improvement in both May and June driven by
increasing levels of domestic travel.

Domestic room night declines improved steadily in Europe, North America and across Asia. However, we
saw less improvements in the domestic declines in South America, Middle East and Africa. Newly booked
room nights for the full quarter declined about 68% as we exit the quarter, down about 50% in the month
of June.

Our Q2 reported room nights, which include the impact of cancellations, decreased 87% for the full
quarter. Reported room nights in June declined by about 55%, improving from an over 100% decline
in April when we received more cancellations than new bookings. We saw a continued improvement
in the cancellation rate since April as we worked through the wave of cancellations for bookings made
prior to COVID-19. Although we're now getting closer to pre-COVID levels of cancellation rates, this
improving trend could easily reverse if we see continued outbreaks of the virus or new impositions of
travel restrictions, especially considering the very high percentage of our recent bookings that are being
made with flexible cancellation policies.

Gross bookings declined 91% in Q2, which is greater than the decline in reported room nights due to the
average daily rates for accommodations decreasing about 35% year-over-year on a constant currency
basis. Note that the high level of cancellations in the quarter significantly distorted ADRs. As a point of
comparison, our newly booked ADRs, excluding the impact of cancellations, declined year-over-year by

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

only a couple of percentage points in Q2. An increasing mix of bookings in the high ADR markets like the
U.S. and Western Europe helped largely offset the pressure of the broader lodging industry ADR declines.

Consolidated revenue for the second quarter was $630 million and decreased 84% year-over-year.
Revenue in the quarter was less negatively impacted than reported room nights and gross bookings due to
the fact that some of the cancellations we received in Q2 were for check-ins that were expected to occur in
later quarters. This dynamic created by cancellations in the quarter also substantially increased the ratio of
revenue as a percentage of gross bookings in the quarter.

The substantial reduction in revenue contributed to an adjusted EBITDA loss of $376 million in Q2. While
we made significant reductions in our variable expense lines like marketing, sales and other, our more
fixed expenses decreased to a lesser extent in Q2. As Glenn mentioned, we've taken actions across
the quarter to reduce operating expenses as we optimize and align our cost structure with the new
demand environment. However, the cost benefit of these actions were not fully realized in Q2 and the cost
reductions, net of restructuring charges, are expected to be modest in 2020.

Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense item, decreased 85% year-over-year as we saw
a significant reduction in demand in the paid channels. In addition, we substantially reduced our brand
marketing spend in response to the diminished travel demand environment. We expect our marketing
expenses will remain significantly below 2019 levels for the remainder of the year.

Sales and other expenses decreased 47% year-over-year due primarily to a reduction in expenses
associated with payment transactions as well as lower outsourced customer service costs as we moved
through the quarter and needed less support in processing reduced level of cancellations in May and June.
Bad debt and other credit losses were up about 25% year-over-year in the quarter. However, we saw a far
smaller increase in provisions in Q2 than what we recognized in Q1. We expect sales and other expenses
will continue to be down year-on-year in the second half of 2020. However, the extent of the decline will
be impacted by the level of volume we see in the business.

Personnel expenses decreased 18% year-over-year on a non-GAAP basis, primarily due to a $100 million
benefit from government aid packages, primarily in the Netherlands and the U.K. Currently, we do not
anticipate further material benefits to personnel expenses from government aid in future quarters. We
expect personnel expenses in the second half of 2020 will decline less than we saw in Q2 as we'll no
longer see the benefit from government aid. We expect the personnel cost reductions we made in Q2 at
Agoda, KAYAK and OpenTable, plus the reductions we made early in Q3 at Priceline to produce over $80
million of annualized personnel savings starting in the second half of 2020.

As Glenn mentioned, we have further developed our intentions for the appropriate levels of personnel at
Booking.com and are in the process of reviewing these potential reductions with works councils, employee
representatives and other organizations. We estimate that the potential cost reductions at Booking.com
could produce annual personnel run rate savings between $250 million and $300 million. And because of
the processes we have to go through at Booking.com over the next few months, we expect the majority of
these savings will not be realized until 2021. As Glenn mentioned, we'll update you on the estimated cost
of achieving these savings as soon as they're available, at which time we'll file any required amendments
to our 8-K.

G&A expenses decreased 43% year-over-year, largely driven by reduced discretionary spend, such as
T&E and other personnel-related expenses, as well as lower office expenses due to employees working
remotely. We expect that G&A will continue to be down meaningfully year-over-year in the back half of the
year. However, the level of decline may be less than what we saw in the second quarter.

Information technology expenses decreased 1% year-over-year due to lower outsourced data center and
cloud costs. We expect that IT expenses will remain roughly flat versus the prior year in the back half of
the year.

Finally, we've broken out restructuring charges separately in the operating expenses in the P&L. The $34
million of restructuring charges we recorded in the second quarter only relates to the rightsizing activities

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

at KAYAK, OpenTable and Agoda. I'd note that these restructuring charges are included in our non-GAAP
results.

On a GAAP basis, we incurred an operating loss of $485 million in Q2. We recorded GAAP net income of
$122 million in the quarter as we benefited from an $835 million pretax gain on our equity investments,
primarily related to our investments in Meituan. This gain was partially offset by $55 million of FX
remeasurement losses on our eurobonds. We excluded these gains and remeasurement losses from our
non-GAAP results.

Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our Q2 ending cash and investment balance increased to $13.4
billion from a March ending balance of $9.2 billion, primarily due to the $4.1 billion bond and convertible
note offering we completed in early April. Our long-term investment balances benefited from the $835
million gain on equity investments in the quarter I previously mentioned. These increases to our cash and
investment balance were partially offset by the $1.2 billion cash settlement of one of our convertible notes
in June.

We had $122 million in positive operating cash flow and $52 million in positive free cash flow in the
quarter. Changes in working capital were a source of about $300 million of cash in the quarter compared
to $820 million use of cash in Q1. The improvement from Q1 was largely driven by a Q1 prepayment
of taxes in the Netherlands of about $720 million that was subsequently refunded in April. The small
reduction in Q2 relative to Q1 in our deferred merchant bookings and other current liability balances were
mostly offset by a small reduction in our accounts receivable balance in the quarter. Our improved liquidity
position is the result of efforts we took to stabilize our business from the immediate shock of the crisis.
We'll continue to focus on a strong liquidity position given the high level of uncertainty created by the
COVID pandemic. As a part of these efforts to bolster our liquidity and consistent with our comments
last quarter, we've halted our repurchases of stock and will not initiate repurchases until we have better
visibility into the shape and timing of a recovery.

Now on to our thoughts for the third quarter. Consistent with our approach last quarter, I will not provide
full quarterly guidance but will instead provide you with some color on our preliminary July results, which
will help you get a better sense of recent top line trends.

As Glenn mentioned, our newly booked room nights in July were down about 35% year-over-year. Of
course, these new bookings may be canceled in the future, especially as a very high percentage of new
bookings continue to be made with flexible cancellation policies. The year-over-year decline in reported
room nights in July was about 45%, which is worse than our newly booked room night decline in the
month as the cancellation rate remains above prior year levels. Bookings for the full third quarter may
vary from July's results depending upon the level of travel demand and cancellations we experience in
August and September. We expect gross bookings in the third quarter will decline year-over-year by
several percentage points more than our reported room nights due to negative pressure on local currency
ADRs. And we expect revenue declines in the quarter will be roughly in line with what we see in gross
bookings.

We currently expect adjusted EBITDA will be positive in the third quarter given the trends we're seeing
in our business so far through July as well as the fact that Q3 is our seasonally strongest quarter. This
expectation is based on the assumption we do not see a meaningful increase in travel restrictions or
shelter-in-place rules or a decrease in consumer willingness to travel as a result of continued or increased
COVID outbreaks in the quarter.

As we noted, we've seen an improvement in our newly booked room night trends continue into July,
largely driven by domestic travel. Our newly booked domestic room nights increased slightly year-over-
year in the month of July for the first time during the COVID pandemic. Domestic room nights represented
over 70% of our newly booked room nights in both Q2 and July, up significantly versus 2019, which was
about 45%.

Our Booking.com's domestic alternative accommodation newly booked room nights increased nicely year-
over-year in July and its domestic core accommodation newly booked room nights were down slightly. We
continue to monitor other changes in Booking.com's customer booking behavior. We have seen the length

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

of the booking window begin to return to prior year levels in June after expanding versus the prior year in
both April and May.

Mobile bookings, particularly through our app, continue to gain share in the second quarter and into July.
And finally, we continue to see greater than 50% of our newly booked room nights come to us through the
direct channel.

On a regional basis, Europe and the United States have been the largest contributors to the improvement
in newly booked room night trends since April. However, as Glenn mentioned, in the past weeks, we've
witnessed a plateauing or deterioration of new booking trends in several places that have seen increasing
outbreaks of COVID-19 cases, including Spain, Belgium, Australia, Japan, Vietnam, Taiwan and the U.S.
We've also seen an associated increase in cancellation rates in many of these places. These recent trends
are a reminder we're still in the very early days of a fragile recovery that will likely be uneven for some
time to come.

As Glenn emphasized, this has been a challenging quarter that has involved some very difficult decisions
and a number of other actions that will ultimately help us optimize our business with the expected level of
market demand. We have confidence that through these actions we'll be well positioned to come out of the
crisis and extend our leadership role in the global travel marketplace.
With that, we'll now take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman with Cowen.

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Great. Appreciate the update and all the details on July. Could you talk about what you're seeing from
your data in terms of market share, whether you're taking market share based on those July numbers?
And if so, what are the key drivers there?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Kevin, it's Glenn. No, we don't go around trying to give out what we think our share is, up or down.
Obviously, you probably have a very good idea on what you think of our competitors and where they
are. I will say what David said is, we are pleased with what we saw in July. And I think what's very, very
important that everybody keep in mind that this is a very volatile recovery and the countries that David
went out and listed that we have seen increased outbreaks, that was not a complete list. We'd use up the
entire time if we had listed every single place that have seen, places that are suddenly having increases in
COVID. So I would caution, again, just what David said, yes, we are pleased with what we saw in July, but
we have to be careful about the future.

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

And then if I could ask one other question on the cost cuts. You mentioned $250 million to $300 million in
personnel. Is that a good number for kind of overall cost savings or what would that number look like if
you included all the actions you've taken across the company to cut back?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Kevin, we gave you 2 numbers. We gave you $80 million annualized for the brands apart from
Booking.com and then $250 million to $300 million for the potential savings of Booking.com based upon
all the process points that we talked about. So those would directly impact the personnel line. So those
we've broken out. We mentioned in many other areas of the business, our expenses are down, but we
haven't really worked through all the details exactly what those are going to be as we are focused upon
our employee-related costs first. But obviously, with less people, there will be less expenses that come
with it in the other areas. And as we work through those plans as well, we'll make them available, but the
biggest change is going to be to personnel cost.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank.

Christopher Louis Kuntarich
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

This is Chris on for Lloyd. Can you just first talk about the performance of your alternative accommodation
business in the quarter in July? Just curious if that was growing. And yes, whether or not you guys are
testing new distribution channels in the quarter.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

So Chris, one of the things I think, and let me go to the Q2, that 40% number that I gave in my opening
remarks. And as we said, that is an increase. It's a big number compared to what we had seen in the
past. And it's something that we're pleased. But of course, we all, I think, have a good sense of what's
going on. And that is a change in demand because people's concern about being in a large group in a hotel
lobby. I think the thing that we really have to think about is what do we think about in the future. Is this
a momentary thing or is this something that's going to continue long term or not? And I'll say one thing
that we talked about in the past is how we want to continue, we just want to forget COVID, that we want
to continue to build our alternative accommodations. Now we thought it was an important thing for us to
continue to build out all the types of alternate combinations. And we recognize that we are probably short
in certain types, particularly the single property, the home type property, and we want to continue to build
that. And we also talked about we thought that we were perhaps under-indexing in terms of awareness in
certain geographies like the U.S., for example, and we want to continue to improve upon that. So we're
going to do that. And we certainly are going to use every single marketing channel we can to get that
information out to consumers that we have a great product, and that is something that they can look
to us to get a great deal. And that's something that I think is important. I am very pleased, of course,
with the numbers we saw, but I also like the fact that we are perhaps unique in terms of all the types
of accommodations we are able to provide throughout the world. And that's given us, I think, a great
opportunity going forward.

Christopher Louis Kuntarich
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Got it. And if I could just squeeze in a quick follow-up here. Just thinking about marketing ROIs here.
Could you just talk about what you guys are seeing in the performance marketing channels. Yes, it looked
like you had gained a lot of share in trivago. I was curious if there was any other channels you guys were
seeing similar results?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Well, I think I'll confine myself to saying, look, we're always looking for high-quality traffic at the right
price. When I say high quality, I want it to convert well, one with a low probability of cancellation, I want
it to come back to us later directly. And that's what we're going to continue to do. And we've always done
that. And that's no change from our previous way to run our business.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.

Alaxandar Wang
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

This is Alex Wang on for Brian. First question, can you just talk to us about the new growth opportunities
like the U.S. or in destination and areas you're focused on to improving the go-to-market strategy,
particularly in the U.S.?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Alex, so you're asking what is our -- just in general, can you say it again? Our go to market in the U.S.,
you're saying?

Alaxandar Wang
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes, that's right. So your ability to sort of maybe improve sort of the brand and growth opportunities in
the market like the U.S. and then any difference in the go-to-market strategy?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Yes. Okay. So we have said this in the past and I will repeat it even more so now. We think the U.S. is a
great opportunity for us. We think we under-indexed. We got great product. I was just saying, all types
of accommodations. And with what we're building with our connected trip, we think we're going to offer
an incredible value proposition to consumers. So we are absolutely excited about the long-term future.
Trouble is, right now, yes, people are traveling a little bit more certainly than they were in April, but we
all know what the situation is right now. And what you don't want to be doing is spending a lot of money
pushing out a brand message if people are not listening to it because they are not ready to travel or they
can't travel. So we want to be careful about that. So I think we're going to have to wait until we have a
healthier environment where people or more people are ready to listen to that message before we're going
to start spending money on it.

Alaxandar Wang
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. And just as a follow-on, with the reported or expect sort of reduced headcount at Booking.com, can
you give more color around areas of the company that you're looking into here in particular given, I think,
Booking.com has been run pretty lean in the past. And then just sort of higher level, how does this change
your investment priorities beyond hotels now compared to where they were pre-COVID?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

So we made very clear in our discussions with our employees, our works council, our employee
organizations and everyone we have to have these conversations with. As you know, there are different
regulations around the world in terms of different types of conversation to have. We made it very clear
that the higher weight is going to be on volume-related positions because our volumes are way down.
Those are the ones. And I made it very clear how much I believe in the future of the connected trip,
the investments we're making, the things that we believe in the long term will give us a competitive
advantage over everybody. I think I'd be doing the wrong thing if I'm saying, we should stop trying to
invest in those areas. I think they're important for the long run. And yes, this is a terrible time right now.
And yes, our financials are being hurt by this. But that, to me, does not mean we should stop investing in
our future.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS.

Eric James Sheridan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Maybe 2, if I can. Glenn, curious what you might be doing in terms of investing on the supply side during
a period of lower demand. As you said, the mix shift moving towards alternative accommodations to some
degree and what people are willing to book. Is there anything you're doing in terms of changing some of
the strategy of partnering on supply or trying to bring supply on against the demand environment you
find yourself in? That's number one. And then maybe on the buyback. I know you need to see a better
environment to come back to the capital return policy. Can you give us a little bit of sense of what that
environment might have to look like? Like what should we be looking for from the outside in that you
would need to see in the business before you're back to returning capital?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I'll take the first one and I'll let David talk about our potential capital return at some point, the
balance sheet in general. So one thing we've talked about in the past a great deal is, if there was a
recession, what's going to happen in terms of the supply relations? Would they be more willing to lean in
with us? Would they be more open to conversations on what we can do? And what we've been seeing, and
it's pretty much what we thought would happen is that, when demand goes away and supply is looking
for demand, they're looking to do it any way they can and they are open to a conversation that perhaps
they weren't in the past. So our teams are out there talking with on the supply side and whether it be

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

alternative accommodations properties or it's the big hotel chains or anybody who is in our business. Right
now, they need demand and they're looking for, can you supply to me? So our teams are coming up with
creative and different ways to try and provide something that will help them because we know, look, we're
in this number 2 sided marketplace. We got to do good for both sides. And that's what we're doing right
now, and I think we're making progress with it. We're having some very good conversations that perhaps
we may not have had in the past. But I think that in the future, we will hopefully have this be a long term
better relationship with some of our partners as we continue to develop ways that we show they're win-
win for everybody.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And Eric, on the buyback side, just to elaborate a little bit upon what I said. So I said, we certainly
would not initiate until we have better visibility into the shape and timing of a recovery. So what do we
mean by that? We mean having certainty as to what the future looks like and when it's going to happen,
what the shape of the recovery is going to look like. Nobody is predicting a V-shaped recovery now. I think
that's not what people are looking at, but we're looking at some period of uncertainty right now. Until we
figure out more about what's happening with the vaccine and how that would impact people's comfort.
And then, of course, is the economic impact of the COVID crisis and what that does to people's ability to
travel and spend money. So all these things go into it. So there's not a single milestone to look for. But if
you ask me to characterize the environment in which we will consider reinitiating capital returns, it would
be an environment where we have much more visibility and confidence into the shape of the future.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Naved Khan with SunTrust.

Naved Ahmad Khan
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Yes. Maybe, Glenn, can you maybe shed some light on the mix of direct versus paid bookings? I think
historically, you talked about how direct had already crossed the 50% mark. How does it look today? And
do you think that maybe an elevated level of direct bookings can continue to occur on a go-forward basis
or would you think of that as a temporary shift? And then I have a follow-up.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So we've said this, and we will continue to say how important we believe it is. Direct booking is
really where we want to be. The future provides such great value that our customers once they learn
about this great value, they come back to us directly. They don't want to think about going somewhere
else. And through the connected trip and building up all different types of, let's say, lower friction type
ways to travel. Then it makes it so that we are the first thought always. I'm not sure, David, if you want
to give any more color to where we are now. I'll let him do it. But I will say, this is something that is
important to us.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

I think, Glenn, as we said, we continue to be over 50% direct. But I think there are some important things
that are driving that, which are good indicators. And we mentioned them briefly a little bit on the last call
as well. I mentioned in my remarks earlier that we continue to see the app being an important contributor
because that is really our stickiest kind of touch point with our customers because that is not only a
place you go to book travel, but increasingly, it's where you interact with us during the travel experience,
which is very important as well. And we also see, as we mentioned last quarter, we also see things like an
increasing percentage mix from our Genius customers as well this quarter as well.

So these are positive things that correlate long term to a higher mix of direct bookings and just this ability
to create, as Glenn has said a few times, the connected trip, where you're not just booking with us and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

then going on the trip, but you're really booking multi-verticals. You're interacting with us during the
trip. We're providing things like dynamic customer support, et cetera, a very different environment in the
future, which is obviously powered by big data, machine learning, AI, et cetera. So we think these are
important signs that we're moving in the right direction.

Naved Ahmad Khan
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Great. And the follow-up I had is really just to clarify the domestic mix you gave us, Glenn, 70% domestic.
How does that treat the EU? Do you treat it as a single entity or are you looking at country level?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's a country, domestic. We sometime look at our regional, intra-regional. If you're an Italian tourist
and you went to France, that's not a domestic travel. I'm looking at David to confirm.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Correct. That's correct, exactly right. Domestic is domestic.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Deepak Mathivanan with Barclays.

Deepak Mathivanan
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. David, can you help us quantify the pressure on new bookings from the mix shift towards
domestic? ADRs, obviously, on a comparable basis are lower in various markets, but are there any
other variables either from consumers spending less or staying fewer nights that will keep the bookings
growth kind of below the trends on the new room nights? And then what is the equivalent dollar bookings
comparable metric for the down 35% in room nights during the month of July?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

I'm going to ask you to clarify the second part, Deepak, but let me answer the first part. So yes, there's
obviously many moving parts with ADRs this quarter. As I mentioned, for newly booked room nights, the
ADRs are actually, in total, only off a couple of points even though there's a mix shift obviously within that
to domestic. So we see a number of things going on. What we see, and in some cases, obviously, some
people are substituting what would have been an international booking for a domestic booking, and those
can potentially be higher ADRs because historically, international travel typically resulted in a higher ADR
and longer stay. And to the extent that some of that is substituting into domestic, that could be helping
our ADRs on a country-by-country basis because in some of our core countries in Europe, we actually saw
ADRs up quite meaningfully in the quarter. So there's a number of mix-related things going on within the
whole ADR environment. And as I said, essentially flat, just down a couple of points in total in the quarter
despite the fact that we know that like-for-like there are certainly ADR pressures in the marketplace. And
Deepak, I missed the second part of your question. Can you just repeat that, please?

Deepak Mathivanan
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes. No. I was just going to ask, how should we think about the down 35% in room night on an equivalent
dollar bookings basis? Is that, to your point, should we view that as fairly close?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

No. Well, no, there's still going to be an ADR pressure on that. So what we said was, we're down 35%
in July in room nights on a newly booked basis, down 45% on a reported basis, the cancellation rates
running a little higher than they were last year, and then a few points more than that down in terms of
gross bookings and revenue.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan.

Dae K. Lee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is Dae on for Doug. First one, could you talk about the profile of the people who are still traveling?
For example, would you consider them to be travelers with higher LTVs since they're traveling despite all
that is happening or just people who are traveling because they have to? And could you tie that to how
important you think it is to gain share early in the recovery? And then secondly, for David, on the fixed
cost side, given your comments about cost savings being more volume-related, should we expect these
costs to come back with volume returning? And do you think margins will look meaningfully different when
volumes return to pre-COVID levels?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Why don't you take the first part. I'll take the second part.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

So in terms of profile, I have not looked in any sort of customer segmentation recently in terms of the
breakdown. So I can't speak specifically in terms of deep data on the profiles. But I would say that it
would not surprise me if I did it now, next week, it will show not that different in terms of what it was
pre-COVID. People still want to travel. People still sometimes have to travel, sometimes do it voluntarily.
The shape of the change is where they're traveling and how they're traveling. So for example, because
people can't, as I mentioned, if you can't travel internationally from the U.S. to Europe, let's say, what is
happening? Those people are traveling domestically. And we've seen that in terms of people very much
wanting to travel close to home at first because they want to be able to drive there because concerned
about getting on a plane. But in terms of the actual different types of customers within it, I don't think
I've seen much of anything, except for one thing that I think is very, very critical to talk about, and that is
business travel.

Now we have always been a much more leisure-oriented company. And we all know from the businesses
that we work in that business travel has been significantly curtailed or stopped. And what does that do?
Well, certain properties, certain supply chains, for example, entities that are no longer able to get that
high ADR revenue. And that, of course, is helping in terms of a distributor like us because we have leisure
customers to help fill those things. Now how long will this go? Is this a long-term trend? I think that
this could be helpful to us. It may be helpful to us in the long term. As the shift from business to leisure
continues for a long time, we will be in a better position with our supply partners because we're able to
provide them with what they need, which is heads in beds.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And on the cost side of things. So yes, we said the majority of the personnel reductions will be
in volume-related functions. Obviously, those will, over time, come back. We look to continue to drive
efficiency in many of those areas through our business over time through automation and other areas. So
they don't necessarily have to come back dollar for dollar. But as volumes return, they will come back.

And in terms of our expectation for the longer term when we get to pre-COVID levels, which, as we
said, is not in quarters, but is about years. We expect the business to have very attractive margins when
demand fully recovers. All things being equal, we expect to have industry-leading margins in the long

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

term. Obviously, the business in the future will look a little different than it did pre-COVID. For example,
we're building out new products like air, which will be dilutive to margin rate, but will also be important to
our business and our strategy in the connected trip and selling more accommodations. So there'll be puts
and takes, but we expect to have an industry-leading margins in the longer term.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse.

Stephen D. Ju
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. So Glenn, is the nature of the personnel reductions going to be, I guess, evenly distributed across
your focus regions or are you planning any geographical exits of the business as a whole? And I guess in a
roundabout way, I'm trying to ask about your plans to go after the China outbound opportunity. And also
just following up on the connected trip. You recently signed an agreement with TUI, I believe, to distribute
their content. So where are you in the integration process and how will this be presented?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So 2 separate questions. So in terms of, again, we're having our conversations with our important
partners, works councils, employee organizations, et cetera, and going through this at Booking.com. And
the key thing we mentioned is how a lot of this is volume-related. So where the volume is most affected,
those areas are going to end up having a higher weighted impact. That's just the way it's obviously going
to happen. I don't think you can -- we certainly are not purposely coming with a strategy change. We
believe that it's important for us to be able to provide travel services throughout the world. And as the
leader in the world, we want to maintain that. In terms of our agreement with Musement, I think that's
the one you're talking about TUI, correct?

Stephen D. Ju
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Yes.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Right. So we think attractions is an important part of that connected trip theory and strategy that we've
talked about. And the faster we can get different types of attractions up and running and available to our
customers, the better. And whether we do the connection ourselves, where we go out or we partner with
somebody or we buy somebody, whatever it is, we want to get that stuff up so we can provide that value.
And Musement is a great partner. They had a proposition. We decide to join up. And we are now live in a
certain number of cities. And we are going to continue to build that out. And I believe that this is one of
those things that will help really provide value. When somebody is traveling, they use that app that David
mentioned. More people use the app. And when you're in a location and you're able with just one touch,
be able to go to an attraction. I think that's a convenience. And we'll be able to provide that value, a price
differential. I think that, again, will give us a competitive advantage, but we're going to have the supply
first, of course.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America.

Justin Post
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I apologize if it's already been asked, but just thinking about hotel recovery and hotel industry as they try
to get back on their feet. First, how do you think about air capacity? And are the airlines going to be even
more dependent on leisure travel or is there going to be a little bit of less capacity out there? And then

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

secondly, as the hotels really go to market and start filling their rooms, think about maybe '21 or '22, what
advantages offering discounts or promotions on Booking could they have versus maybe going to Google or
your competitors? How are you thinking about really -- I don't want to say taking advantage, but really,
building Booking out as a great place to go to find deals and help hotels fill inventory?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So 2 separate things. So the first thing about airlines, and I was just talking about the potential
long-term change in business travel, which would, of course, impact the financial structures of a lot of
airlines that make a lot of their profits when everybody is up in the front of the plane. And if that's not
there, what's going to happen? On the other hand, though, we all know that places like Ryanair have been
extremely successful and Southwest, extremely successful long term, with not having a very high, a very
expensive first class or business class product. Overall, I believe that this could be a change in terms of
the leisure does become more important, and that does again, as I said, tilts favorable to us because we
are a more leisure-oriented company.

In terms of the hotels, as I said, same type of thing with some of our partners who are more dependent
on the business traveler. And as they continue to even come back, recover, for some, it's going to be a
little bit harder because they're not going to get that very high ADR businessperson. And they will be
looking for someone like us. And you mentioned that going to a Google direct or anything. Hotels are
going to do anything they can, any which way, to get demand. If it's cost-effective, they will do it. Now
over the years, we have established something that actually is more cost effective, that is an easier way.
And for most of the hotels around the world, they cannot get anywhere near our capabilities to bring them
demand from around the world. They don't operate in the number of languages we do. They don't do the
customer service in those languages. They don't have the sophisticated machine learning. They don't have
all the things, I can list so many, that we do. And we do it in a fraction of the cost that would really cost
them if they even tried to do that. So it's financially advantageous for them to work with us to get that
demand. And as one of the biggest demand platform in the world for travel, there's no hotel in the world
discussing, well, gee, I just don't want to do that. No, they're going to continue to do that. And if there is
a marginal benefit to go into another channel, we'll use that, too. But I'm not concerned about hotels not
coming to us even more so nowadays.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with RBC.

Mark Stephen F. Mahaney
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. Two questions, please. Glenn, have you seen any impact from the cutback in performance
marketing spend by Expedia in the North American market? Have you seen any interesting dynamics or is
the overall just dramatic decline in travel demand just making that impossible to really call out? And then I
want to ask a long-term question about, I think if you hadn't have had COVID this year, there would have
been more evidence that Booking was building out kind of an operating system for lodging worldwide.
I think that was part of your strategy, doing payments, website development, et cetera. If I interpreted
it right, and I think I had, could you talk about like how much that's been pushed back because of this
COVID crisis? And your thoughts on, if we can possibly look out 2 or 3 years, how far you are towards
building an operating system for lodging globally?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Mark. So I can't comment much about Expedia or what they're doing. So I'm sure you see what Google
puts out in terms of numbers, et cetera. We're pleased with what we're doing. It's the same strategy that
we've had. We're looking to the high-quality traffic. We're trying to do it. It's harder now for us just in
terms of the models we use in the past obviously are not as valuable now because cancellations are so
affected by government changes, and it's a more difficult thing. We're trying to do it the way we've always

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

done it. It's not doing anything foolish, but I really can't talk about Expedia's strategy or what they're
doing.

In terms of the operating system, so we're not really building an operating system in terms of going out
and trying to build a PMS for hotels. That's not our idea. What we want to do is provide a very integrated,
integrated benefit for the hotels that makes it so they're getting great value out of things that we're
doing with them. So for example, you mentioned the issue of building websites for hotels. That's been
pulled back significantly. That was something that is no longer being pushed forward. What we are doing,
though, is working with them as we build out our connected trip.

For example, let's go with a ground transportation and working with them perhaps in a way that they
don't have a way for their customers to get there from the hotel. Well, certainly, we have a way with our
customers who come to us first to book, but we can also work with them so if a customer booked with
some other distributor, god forbid, or went direct, we can still create something that would enable them to
also be part of that, to getting that ground transportation and such. So I think that's more the orientation.

Now you talk about how much has been pushed back? Yes, of course, things have been pushed back. And
I think that you can always work it by the number of months that we have these kinds of situations with
demand so far down is the number of months that we've been pushed back. But I did make that point
about -- I was asked about the workforce reduction, this stuff, we're not stopping on investing. We're still
investing and we're still pushing forward to create this connected trip because that will be our competitive
advantage down the road.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Daniel Powell with Goldman Sachs.

Daniel B. Powell
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Two, if I may. On the first, I want to come back to the direct bookings proportion. You said that it was still
above 50%. I guess, could you describe some of the puts and takes and reasons that number might not
be moving higher for you during this period where suppliers and competitors might be more constrained
from a marketing perspective and from a scale perspective?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So hypothesize why it's not a higher number. I'm not going to try and do that. I'll say that we're
pleased with where we are with our direct bookings. We want to continue to increase it. We've seen our
app downloads to be increasing nicely. We've seen that and like that. We're going to continue on the
steady pace that we're on. Certainly, we could have increased it perhaps if we were willing to spend a
huge amount of money on brand marketing, but I made the point about why that would not be the most
efficient use of our money. It would drive up perhaps the direct bookings a little bit, but at an incredible
cost. So we always want to make sure that we're getting the right bang for our buck, so to speak, and
we're pleased with the pace we're going at.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

I'd just add that when things are down on the level they are right now, I mean, we're talking when things
are down over 80%. I mean, we're talking about mix numbers now on much reduced volume basis. So I
think we're going to have to wait and see how this plays out. We're still confident that we're moving in the
right direction. And as Glenn said, there are many puts and takes when things are moving as rapidly as
they are with volume levels as they are.

Daniel B. Powell
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

That's really helpful. And then the second one, with the shift to alternative accommodations and the
relative strength that you're seeing there in the business, is there anything from a modeling perspective
we should be looking out for? Are there tailwinds to take rate? Are there higher customer service and
payments-related costs? Sort of what are some of the things we should look out for there?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. We've said a couple of things about the alternative accommodation business. As you know,
historically, they've had lower operating margins, not because of take rate difference, but because
basically, the reason that you just mentioned, there are typically more touch points, which we've been
doing a lot of work to automate. So we have definitely been working to close that gap and have been
closing that gap. And of course, alternative are operating at a nice, healthy profit margin throughout 2019.
So there are some mix shift differences. There's not a massive gap between the 2 segments, but there is
a difference, mainly again due to touch points, but things we've been working on. So it's not a trend that
we are particularly concerned about. It doesn't, in total, make a big difference to the operating margins.
And as Glenn said, we're uniquely positioned. So as demand fluctuates because we believe that this push
towards alternative is certainly happening when people are feeling less safe about travel, when people feel
more safe about travel, potentially, things might normalize. And then we're in a great position to continue
to work on all aspects of the accommodation marketplace.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

And yes, there's one thing long term that we are thinking deeply about is because this style of
accommodation has seen this increase, but I would imagine many people have not used it before. And
they have now found it to be, well, it's not so bad. I like this. So in the long run, there could be a lot
more demand for this. It sort of, let's say, accelerated a trend that's been going on for a long time.
But what that means, though, there would be a change in the supply side in the long term. And you'll
see many, many people in the accommodation business perhaps who previously had not or were just
dipping their toe and creating this type of accommodation, the alternative accommodation, will be putting
investment capital into it and it becomes more and more professionalized. And as this becomes more and
more professionalized, that will help lower the frictions, lower those costs, and I believe what David was
just talking about, the difference in terms of the operating margin, and which we've already seen close
tremendously will close even more so.

Operator

And our last question comes from the line of Lee Horowitz with Evercore ISI.

Lee Horowitz
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Great. Just one, I'm wondering if we could dig in a bit on the July trends across Europe. David, you had
talked about deterioration/plateauing in countries like Spain or Belgium, but you didn't mention any
kind of, some of the other regions in the area. Is it fair to think that the region as a whole continues to
improve? And then, Glenn, you talked about the demand pull forward for alternative accommodations. I
guess, is it fair to think that you're looking at this as perhaps a stickier trend, a structural shift that's being
perhaps pulled forward from COVID or do you think it's mostly just a sign of the times?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Let me answer the room night growth question, trend question firstly. So what we saw in July
in Europe was continued improvement. So we saw continued improvement in June and into July in
aggregate. As I mentioned, we called out a couple of countries where we are seeing things towards end
of July slowdown or go down a little bit. But in aggregate, July was up for newly booked room nights
compared to June in Europe. Whereas in the U.S., the biggest improvement was in June and then things

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

actually basically flattened out in July in the U.S. So Europe, where things are still improving. In the U.S.,
they flattened out, with June and July being about the same.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

So Lee, I'm not sure I'd say a... it's a step change, I suppose, but it's just an extension of a long-term
trend. And when you think about some of the other trends that have been happening that had been
accelerated, the idea of staycations where people say, okay, I don't want to go to work on a Friday. I'm
going to take a long weekend around a place or something like that. And now with so many people who
have learned that they can work remotely, that increase in that I'll take Friday off and go down to the
beach or get something like an alternative accommodation on the mountains, whatever. I see all those
trends accelerating. And that really helps that alternative accommodations because if you're going to take
a couple of days away from work or you are working but you're not at work, you want something more
than a double occupancy hotel probably. You may want a separate room that you can do your work from.

So all of these things are coming together. So I think it is something that is accelerated already. I think it's
going to continue for a long time. And we feel pretty good about the fact that we are very well positioned
and continue to grow out our alternative accommodations. At the same time, for the people who want that
hotel, they want the resort, they want somebody else changing the sheets, we got that too. So I think for
me, we're looking good for the future as travel comes back, which we know it will. It always has. It always
will. And the more we read about some of these vaccines perhaps coming out in the not-so-distant future,
we're pretty positive about the long term.

So I want to just give you some concluding remarks. And I just have to absolutely thank all of our
employees again. They have been working so hard since the beginning of this crisis, helping our partners,
helping our customers in these incredibly difficult times, doing it from home. The near term may be
volatile. It's going to be volatile. As I just said, I am so confident, though, about the long-term value
proposition that we're putting together. I'm absolutely focused on the steps we're taking today to make
sure we have a better company tomorrow. So please everybody, please be safe and good night.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating and you may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

