Booking Holdings Inc. NasdaqGS:BKNG
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, May 05, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(6.06)

(5.26)

NM

4.56

40.74

93.74

Revenue  (mm)

1158.77

1141.00

(1.53 %)

2034.15

9471.93

14207.47

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-30-2021 5:09 PM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

CONSENSUS

(11.58)

14.24

(4.22)

(6.06)

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

ACTUAL

(10.81)

12.27

(0.57)

(5.26)

SURPRISE

NM

(13.83 %)

NM

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Alaxandar Wang
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Christopher Louis Kuntarich
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Dae K. Lee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Deepak Mathivanan
Wolfe Research, LLC

Justin Post
BofA Securities, Research Division

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Mark Stephen F. Mahaney
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

X. Lu
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Booking Holdings' First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to
remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to
the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks uncertainties and
assumptions that are difficult to predict.

Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such
forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting
something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements.

For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those
described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statements at the end
of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-
looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking
Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is
available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com.

And now I would like to introduce Booking Holdings' speaker for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David
Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings' first quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by
our CFO, David Goulden.

I am pleased to start by reporting further improvement in our accommodations business, with first quarter
room nights declining 54% versus Q1 2019, which was 6 percentage points better than our fourth quarter
2020 decline. This improvement was driven by solid signs of increasing travel demand in certain countries
and by our team's strong execution. David will provide the details on our first quarter results in his
remarks.

As we have said before, we believe that the rate of recovery for travel will depend heavily on the rate
and severity of new COVID-19 cases, the timing of effective and broad-based vaccine distribution and
hopefully, even more effective treatments in the future. While the pace of vaccine distribution remains
frustratingly slow in most places around the world, Israel, the U.K. and the U.S. are benefiting from
successful vaccine distribution programs. In each of these countries, we have seen encouraging booking
trends, which supports our view that vaccine distribution is a key to unlocking pent-up travel demands.

In our own survey work earlier in the year, we found that over 70% of Americans said that the early
distribution stage of COVID-19 vaccines made them feel more hopeful and optimistic about traveling in
2021. As countries ramp up vaccine distribution, which we are now starting to see in more European
countries, we believe that we will start to see booking strength expand to more parts of the world.

While there are encouraging signs of recovery in some countries right now, the current situation in other
countries, such as India, where we are seeing staggering increases in COVID-19 cases and an enormous
human tragedy happening, reminds us that recovery is not underway everywhere. And unfortunately, in
some countries, the situation is getting worse.

Last week, the World Health Organization warned that the pace of the pandemic is accelerating. We are
mindful that governments may continue to take actions, such as general area lockdowns or reintroducing

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

travel restrictions, including barring people from high-infection locations from entering the country. Any of
these actions can have an impact on our performance, and it's difficult to predict when and to what extent
such actions may be taken in the future. Furthermore, international travel must recover for there to be
a complete global travel recovery, and many governments may be cautious in fully opening international
travel for some time.

Focusing on the U.S., where the vaccination program is going well. I am very pleased with our first quarter
results in the U.S. and the strong rebound in U.S. travel demand. For Q1 in the U.S., we had positive room
night growth versus Q1 2019, and it was our strongest performing major country. These results were
driven by domestic bookings as our international business is still very slow.

We were pleased to see improvements in our U.S. room night trends each month in Q1 and these
improvements continued into April. This strength in the market benefited all of our travel products and
helped drive the highest number of air tickets ever booked in a single quarter for our company, and we
know that both Priceline and Booking.com had good U.S. results during the first quarter.

In this improving environment, we continue to press ahead with one of our most important strategic
strategies, strengthening the Booking.com brand in the U.S. You may have seen Booking.com's U.S. back-
to-travel promotional campaign that we launched in April, which offered a $50 post-stay promotional
travel credit for U.S. travelers who activated promotion in the Booking.com app and booked travel by
the end of May. This is just one example of the marketing methods that we will be employing to increase
awareness of the Booking.com brand in the U.S. And in this case, drive further consumer engagement
with our app.

We also remain focused on expanding the supply of Booking.com's alternative accommodation offering in
the U.S. and we targeted and signed new properties to the platform in the quarter. However, we recognize
there is more work to be done to improve the breadth of this product in the U.S. During the first quarter,
we continued to execute against other key strategic priorities, such as expanding Booking.com's payment
platform and building the connected trip vision.

Regarding our integrated payment platform at Booking.com, we have made recent progress primarily
through increased adoption by our supply partners in the U.S. As I have mentioned previously, this
platform provides payment options favored by both travelers and our supplier partners across hotels,
alternative accommodations, cars, flight and attractions and is foundational for enabling our connected trip
strategy.

The connected trip is our vision of a multiproduct offering, including accommodations, flight, ground
transportation, attractions and dining, connected by our payment network and ultimately supported by
personalized intelligence to provide a friction with seamless experience for our bookers, all the way from
first thinking about the initial booking to experiencing their trip, to arriving back home. Building out our
full connected trip's vision will be a multiyear endeavor.

However, we expect that our business will benefit from the steps we are taking to achieve this vision long
before reaching the ultimate end state. For example, developing a robust flight product at Booking.com
gives us the ability to engage with flight bookers early in their travel journey and allows us an opportunity
to cross-sell our accommodation and other services to these bookers. We have not had these opportunities
historically at Booking.com, given its accommodation-only focus in the past.

As we think about the journey for building the connected trip, this year, we'll be focused on enabling
travelers to book the major elements of their trip in one place on Booking.com. This means we will be
working to build up our non-accommodation products like flights, ground transportation and attractions by
increasing supply as well as exposing more of our customers to these products.

In Booking.com's flight offering, we are now live in 18 countries with the most recent launch in the U.K.
We can now expose a large segment of customers to flight as these 18 countries collectively represented
more than half of Booking.com's room nights booked in 2019. Booking.com's flight offering is now fully
metered in the app, and while early, we are in the process of beginning to utilize marketing channels to
bring potential customers to the product.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

On attractions, we have continued to expand the breadth of supply available to our travelers through our
recent partnership with Viator along with our ongoing partnership with Musement that was announced last
year. We see real benefits of a strong attractions offering, given the potential bundling opportunities as
well as the ability to increase travel engagement with the app, while travelers are in destination.

Across many of our key strategic priorities, I have mentioned the app, which indicates the importance
of the app for our business. We've been investing in the app platform for some time, and we'll continue
to invest as the app becomes the center of our connected trip experience. In addition, we see better
customer loyalty, lower customer acquisition costs and more opportunities to engage directly with
travelers through our app.

Booking.com was the most downloaded travel app globally in the first quarter, according to a leading third-
party research firm. We now see over 2/3 of our bookings come through the mobile devices, the majority
of which are on the app. One of Booking Holdings' goals is to do well in the area of sustainability. I was
very pleased to recently make public our 2020 Sustainability Report, and one achievement that I am
particularly proud of is Booking Holdings becoming operationally carbon-neutral in 2020.

This is a significant milestone for our business and one, we are working towards even prior to the
pandemic. We intend to remain carbon-neutral in our operations in the future and look forward to making
progress on our sustainability strategy, including diversity and inclusion and sustainable travel.

In conclusion, the exact shape and timing of the full recovery for travel remains uncertain. However,
I'm encouraged by the signs of recovery we are seeing in some countries, and I'm confident that we will
eventually see a strong recovery in travel demand globally. That being said, we are likely to experience
volatility between now and then, with some countries recovering well, others beginning to recover and
unfortunately, some getting worse.

I'm proud of the actions that our teams across Booking Holdings continue to take to strengthen our
company's position and execute against our strategic priorities. We are thinking about our business
beyond just getting back to 2019 levels demand and we are focused on building a larger and faster-
growing business that generates more earnings after the recovery and for the long run.

I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. I'll review our operating results for the first quarter and provide
some color on the trends we've seen so far in the second quarter. To avoid the comparison to the initial
spread of the pandemic in 2020, all growth rates are relative to the comparable period in 2019, unless
otherwise indicated. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found
in our earnings release.

I also want to remind you that during the period of bookings recovering, revenue will recover more slower
than bookings due to timing differences, and this will impact our booking to revenue take rates.

Now on to our results for the first quarter. On our February earnings call, we discussed the improvements
in trends we saw starting in the middle of January and continuing into February, driven by domestic travel
in most parts of the world. The improving trends continued into March, resulting in our Q1 reported room
nights declining 54% versus Q1 2019, which was a 6% improvement versus the decline we reported in
Q4. As a reminder, reported room nights include the impact of cancellations.

The improvements in the Q1 room night decline rate versus Q4 was driven by the U.S. and Europe. While
Asia and rest of world declines were about the same in Q1 as they were in Q4. The U.S. was the strongest
performing in major country in Q1 and had a positive room night growth versus 2019 for the full quarter.
The trends in the U.S. improved through Q1 with very strong room night growth versus 2019 for the
month of March. Spring break was a contributor to growth in March. U.S. domestic room nights growth
was positive for each month's month of the quarter, with very strong growth for the full quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

In Q1, other countries also experienced very strong domestic room night growth, including Russia and
Australia, and we saw continued strengthening in domestic bookings in Israel. While Europe improved for
the full quarter compared with Q4, we did see trends soften towards the end of March, driven by rising
COVID case counts and new impositions of travel restrictions. Europe was the least recovered region in
terms of room nights booked in Q4 and it remained the least recovered region in Q1.

Mobile bookings, particularly through our apps, continued to represent over 2/3 of our total room nights.
Our direct channel gained share both sequentially and year-on-year. Domestic room nights represented
about 85% of our reported room nights in Q1, in line with our Q4 2020 mix of room nights and up
significantly versus 2019. Our cancellation rates continued to be elevated versus 2019 in the quarter, but
improved from levels we saw in Q4.

The booking window at Booking.com remains shorter than it was in the first quarter 2019 as we continued
to see a higher mix of near-term bookings. However, the booking window contracted less than it did in
the fourth quarter. As we noted on the last call, in January and February, we saw an expansion of the
booking window versus 2019 in Western Europe and this expansion continued into March as the share of
further out bookings, including those we saw in travel, increased versus the same time in 2019. Due to the
situation in Europe with new COVID cases, vaccination rates and travel restrictions, bookings are generally
either very near term or for the summer period.

The overall mix of customers booking alternative accommodations on Booking.com in Q1 was about
the same in -- as Q1 last year. As we noted last quarter, Europe is where we have our highest mix of
alternative accommodations, and Europe was the slowest growing region in the first quarter, which
negatively impacted our alternative accommodation mix on a global basis. The mix of alternative
accommodation bookings in Europe increased by several percentage points year-over-year.

Gross bookings declined 53% in Q1, which is less than the decline in reported room nights, primarily due
to strong performance in our flights business and partially offset by a 1% decline in average daily rates for
accommodations versus 2019. Airline tickets booked in the first quarter were up 49% versus 2019, driven
by strong growth at Priceline and by flight bookings at Booking.com and Agoda, both of which did not have
flight products in Q1 2019.

Our accommodations' average day rates only declined 1% versus 2019, benefiting from a higher mix
of North America, which is a higher ADR region. Excluding regional mix effects, ADRs were down
approximately mid-single digits. ADRs in the quarter were helped by the higher mix of summer bookings
in Western Europe, which typically have higher ADRs.

Consolidated revenue for the first quarter was $1.1 billion and decreased 61% versus 2019. Revenue in
the quarter declined more than gross bookings due to bookings made in the quarter that are expected to
check in, in future quarters, at which point in time the revenue will be recognized.

Take rates in Q1 were a little less than 10%, largely driven by these timing differences. As you recall, we
discussed the impact of timing on take rates in 2020 and 2021 during our last call. We expect timing to
impact take rates all year, assuming the booking growth continues to improve during the year.

The 61% reduction in revenue resulted in an adjusted EBITDA loss of $195 million in the quarter. We
significantly reduced our variable expense lines like marketing, sales and other, are more fixed expenses in
Q1 were broadly in line with the commentary we provided on our last call.

Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense line, decreased 61% versus 2019. Marketing
expenses declined more than gross bookings due to an increase -- due to an increase in our direct mix and
slightly higher ROIs in paid channels.

Sales and other expenses in Q1 were lower than they were in Q4 on a dollar basis, which was slightly
better than our expectations. Personnel expenses were in line with our expectations. Q1 expenses were
higher than they were in Q4 on a dollar basis, due primarily to increased stock-based compensation
expenses and seasonal increases in benefit costs, partially offset by a higher amount of savings in Q1
relating to restructuring actions we have taken.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

G&A expenses were lower in Q1 than they were in Q4 on a dollar basis versus our expectation for them
to be about in line due to lower-than-expected personnel-related costs and professional fees. Information
technology expenses were higher in Q1 than they were in Q4 on a dollar basis, but were lower than our
expectations due to timing of spend.

Finally, we recorded $8 million of restructuring charges in Q1, which was lower than our prior expectations
primarily due to timing of real estate restructuring charges. And note, these restructuring charges are
included in our non-GAAP results.

We recorded a non-GAAP net loss of $215 million in the quarter. Our Q1 non-GAAP tax rate of 38% was
meaningfully higher than our 2019 tax rate of 19% due to the greater impact of non-tax deductible
expenses on a lower base of earnings. On a GAAP basis, we had an operating loss of $311 million in
Q1. We recorded a GAAP net loss of $55 million in the quarter, helped by an income tax benefit of $223
million. Our Q1 tax rate of 80% was meaningfully higher than our 2019 tax rate of 21% due to the impact
of nontax deductible expenses on lower base of earnings and the impact of discrete items recorded in the
quarter.

Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our Q1 ending cash investment balance of $16.4 billion
benefited from the $2 billion raised in our Eurobond offering completed in March. In April, we used all
the proceeds from the Eurobond offering to redeem to higher coupon senior notes that we issued earlier
in the pandemic last year. These refinancing actions we took will result in approximately $70 million of
annualized interest rate expense savings and were NPV-positive transactions.

Adjusting our Q1 ending cash investments for the redemption of the 2 senior notes that happened in April
will result in a balance of $14.4 billion, which is down from our December ending balance of $14.8 billion.
We had a $207 million operating cash flow -- operating cash outflow in the quarter, driven primarily by
change in working capital, which represented a use of cash of about $216 million in the quarter.

We will continue to focus on maintaining a strong liquidity position, given the high level of uncertainty
created by the COVID pandemic. And consistent with our comments over the last year, we've halted our
repurchases of our stock and will not initiate repurchases until we have better visibility into the shape and
timing of a recovery.

Now on to our thoughts for the second quarter. There continues to be considerable uncertainty about the
shape and timing of recovery for travel, which means that we are unable to provide detailed guidance at
this time. April room nights declined about 43% versus 2019, which was better than the decline in March.
Domestic room night growth was about flat versus 2019 for the month of April, the best monthly result for
domestic room nights since last summer.

On a regional basis, the U.S. continued to have very strong room night growth in April and was above
March levels. Europe room nights declines were better in April than in March, recovering from a softening
of trends we saw at the end of March and the first week of April. Room night declines in Europe were down
over 50% in April.

Asia room night declines worsened in April versus March as outbreaks in new cases increases -- increased,
vaccination progress has been slow and governments continued to impose restrictions on travel. Asia was
the least recovered region in April. The rest of world declines were about the same in April as they were in
Q1 and Q4.

While difficult to predict with accuracy, if current trends continue, Q2 room night declines could be a few
percentage points better than in April. To give you a snapshot of what we are seeing recently, room night
declines over the last 7 days of April were about 38%. As I noted earlier, in Western Europe, the booking
window expanded in Q1. This expansion continues into April, and we continue to see positive summer
booking trends in Western Europe. Across all of Western Europe, gross bookings for the summer period
are now within 30% of where they were at the same time in 2019. And for the U.K., they're now at about
the same level as we were at the same time in 2019. We remind you that the significant majority of the
summer bookings are cancelable.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Turning to the income statements. As I said, we expect Q2 room night declines could be a few percentage
points better than the decline in April. We expect Q2 gross bookings to decline slightly less than room
nights, driven by the same trends that we saw in the first quarter.

We expect future revenue to decline more than gross bookings due to timing factors we have discussed.
As a result, we expect our Q2 revenue as a percentage of gross bookings will improve from Q1, but will
be a few percentage points lower than in Q2 of 2019. We expect marketing expenses in Q2 will decline a
little more than gross bookings, but less than revenue. We expect sales and other expenses in Q2 to be
up significantly versus Q1 on a dollar basis and will be a higher percentage of revenue due to higher gross
booking volumes in the second quarter as well as an increase in the mix of gross bookings processed on a
merchant basis.

We expect personnel expenses in Q2 will be about the same as they were in Q1 on a dollar basis.
Compared with Q1, SBC and benefit expenses are expected to be less, but this is offset by an increase in
bonus accruals, which are recorded proportional to revenue.

We expect G&A expenses in Q2 will be higher than Q1 on a dollar basis, driven by higher personnel-
related costs such as recruiting and T&E as well as higher professional fees and digital service taxes.
We expect IT expenses in Q2 will be higher than Q1 on a dollar basis due to increased investments in
security, data privacy and some operational systems enhancements, including some deferred expenses
from Q1. We expect -- we currently estimate the full year restructuring charge related to our actions at
Booking.com will be approximately $30 million, and we expect to record about half of these charges in the
second quarter.

Given what we just explained, especially the timing difference between recovery of bookings and revenue,
we expect to record an EBITDA loss in Q2, albeit less of a loss than recorded in Q1. Depending upon how
demand develops during the quarter, this could potentially be a small EBITDA loss in Q2.

For the full year 2021, we continue to expect that the overall environment for travel will improve during
the year, but the shape and timing of that improvement remained uncertain. As Glenn mentioned in his
remarks, while we're seeing recovery and other encouraging signs in some countries, other countries and
regions are struggling with a rapidly growing COVID wave.

Globally, the number of new cases reported is increasing, with a record 5.7 million new cases recorded the
week of April 19th. This is directly impacting our business across much of April -- of Asia.

As a reminder, about the [ kinks ] of our model during the recovery, we continue to expect if we see
continued recovery in 2021, there'll be more bookings made in 2021 that will check in, in 2022 than
there were bookings made in 2020 that checked in, in 2021. This timing factor could have a meaningfully
negative impact on our revenue as a percentage of gross bookings and also drive deleverage in our
marketing expenses in 2021 as we incurred the majority of our market expenses at the time of booking.

To remind you, in 2018 and 2019, our revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was approximately
15.6%. This increased to 19.2% in 2020. We expect this percentage will be well below 15.6% in 2021,
and the faster the recovery occurs, the lower this percentage will be.

Before closing, there's been a lot of interest in our commentary in February about the longer-term model
for our business. And I want to reiterate what we said previously and also provide some more color.
We continue to believe it will be years, not quarters, before we see a full recovery of the travel market,
especially international travel.

Looking beyond 2021, we continue to look forward to being a larger business with more diverse offerings
and with more earnings than we had prior to COVID. We also remain focused on the potential for higher
growth and market share. We expect to continue to have industry-leading EBITDA margin rates albeit
most likely at levels below those in 2019, driven by mix shifts within the business, as I discussed on the
last call.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

As a reminder, these mix shifts include the continued growth of payments and the growth of flights and
other connected trip verticals, which will add revenue and EBITDA at much lower margin rates than
traditional accommodations.

As we think about the future shape of our accommodation business, there are a few factors to consider.
As discussed on the last call, we expect our personnel expenses in 2021 to be about the same as in 2019
as the savings from restructuring actions taken in 2020 are expected to be offset by personnel run rate
investments made pre-COVID and personnel investments expected in 2021. Of course, some of these
investments are to support payments and the connected trip.

As we look beyond 2021, the $370 million in savings from our restructuring actions were mainly in
volume-related functions, meaning that as volumes grow back, the levels which we expect -- which means
as volumes go beyond the levels we expect in 2021, we'll need to add expenses back to business.

As we've mentioned before, we look to do this in cost-effective ways, but the work will come back. And
when added to our 2021 personnel cost base, will put pressure on our accommodation business EBITDA
margins relative to 2019 at the same level of volumes we had in 2019 and at the same growth rate.

Of course, there are offsetting factors that could improve margins, including variable cost efficiencies from
additional scale as we grow beyond 2019 volumes from fixed cost efficiencies and from increased direct
mix.

The last thought I'd like to leave you with on this topic is that we believe that the recovery of the travel
market will create opportunities to invest to gain share in accommodations, which could put pressure on
margins during the period of share gains.

In conclusion, we are pleased to see the recovery we discussed in February continued into March and
April in some parts of the world, leading to improvement in our top line metrics. We're also watching the
spread of COVID and the distribution of effective vaccines very carefully and realize that this may lead
to volatility -- continued volatility ahead. We remain confident that we can emerge from this crisis in a
stronger position.
With that, we'll take your questions. And Grace, we'll hand over to you to open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America.

Justin Post
BofA Securities, Research Division

I think a couple of things would help. Can you give us any updates or your thoughts on mix between U.S.,
Europe and Asia just so we can think about the recovery? And then can you remind us what happened in
Europe last summer when cases came down? Did you see a rapid increase? And are you seeing bookings
pick up as people are vaccinated right now in Europe?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

David, why don't you take that?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Justin, let me take that. So just to remind you of our historic mix. We have basically said that Europe
is, of course, our largest region. Historically, if you think kind of roughly 50% or maybe a little bit more,
you wouldn't be far off being correct. Asia, we said historically, again, pre-COVID is -- was about 20%,
with no single country being more than low single digits. And that means that you've really got 30% left
for U.S. and rest of the world combined. So that is our pre-COVID mix.

Obviously, that mix has changed a little bit with the dynamic of what's happened recently. Obviously, the
U.S. has gone up as that's been the most recovered marketplace. So that's the historic reference points.

In terms of last summer, we saw a couple of things. We, of course, did see after the first wave came
down, we saw people getting more confident with traveling. Of course, vaccines were still not available at
that point in time. So people were kind of traveling quite carefully and traveling locally.

What we have seen, and we saw it in several places, what we've seen so far is a very consistent trend that
when cases come down, when the vaccination rates go up, when government restrictions start to lift, good
things happen. We see that happening in the U.S. right now, we see that happening in Israel.

We mentioned a couple of other areas that are doing better than average. So our expectation is that we'll
see those positive trends start to occur in other parts of the world, particularly in Europe as things are
starting to improve. As we mentioned, we are seeing things improving on April versus March, and Europe
is now no longer the least recovered region.

Justin Post
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. And maybe one follow-up. You mentioned share gains -- maybe for Glenn, opportunities. Maybe
you could give us a little more color on that? And do you think your U.S. bookings are trending above kind
of industry averages right now?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Well, as I said, I'm very pleased with the Q1 results in the U.S. I mentioned both Priceline.com and
Booking.com doing well. So we are very happy about that. I don't have -- we're not done with the quarter
yet, so we don't have industry-wide numbers to go against. So I'm just going to say that I'm pleased with
what we're producing, and we'll see after everybody's reported how we did.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

our next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman from Cowen.

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Great. A couple of follow-ups on the U.S. growth. Can you give us any more of a sense of how much Q1
improved versus Q4? And obviously, the overall industry improved in the U.S. in the first quarter quite a
bit. But was Booking.com or bookings growth in the U.S. also a product of any specific decisions you made
in the first quarter along the lines of your new strategic -- were increasing strategic focus on U.S. share
gains? For example, change in the way you're doing marketing or anything like that?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

So why don't I talk generally about our strategy? And then David, if he wants, I'm not sure he wants to
disclose anything more about the specific numbers and gains. I will say this. We -- I've said this in several
calls in the past, actually many, about increasing our performance in the U.S. is a strategic priority. And
we have said that we underindexed in the U.S.

So we are doing many, many things to try and improve that. And everything from the basics of making
sure we have the right selections of properties that people want, to making sure it's the right price, to
make sure we're competitive. I talked about how we had to have the U.S. payments platform up and
running for Booking.com so we can, too, create new things such as our back-to-travel promo, which, of
course, wasn't in Q1, but just another example of things that we're doing.

And there's a lot of just blocking and tackling done by both teams, Priceline.com and the people at
Booking.com, working with our suppliers, coming up with the ways that we can help them get more
customers. So it's so many different things. There's no one thing to say that was the silver bullet. And I
expect that we will be able to continue to do this, I hope to be able to continue to do this in the future. It
will remain a priority for us.

And David, if you want to talk about numbers.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

I will just, Kevin, reiterate what we said and give you a little flavor to make sure you understand where
the emphasis was. So things did improve significantly sequentially in the U.S. during the quarter. And
we had positive room night growth in the U.S. year-on-year, which is great because, obviously, the
international business was still down a fair amount. When we got into March, that room night growth
in the U.S. was very strong, which I characterize that as above any of our normal growth rates. That
strengthened further into April.

So very strong plus. And then if you just kind of double-click down and look at just the domestic
recognizing there is some substitution effect in there. The growth rate in the U.S. was very strong for the
entire quarter, positive for each month of the quarter and getting stronger and was again stronger in April
than it was in March.

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. And if I could, just one follow-up on that on -- you did the $50 travel credit promo in April.
You see that as kind of an ongoing tactic or strategy that you might use and how much would this shift in
cost from marketing spend to contra revenue?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Well, we just put it out. It's -- people still have opportunity still to book on that one. It goes until the end
of May for U.S. people. They can still do a book. They had to do the -- April, they had to actually activate

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

it. So we don't have a lot of detail yet today on what we think that's going to be. It certainly is something
that -- look, it's one different thing, and I point it out, not because it's a huge driver, but just an example
of things that we haven't done in the past that we will do in the future.

And in fact, just you may have noticed it, we started it very similar, though not exactly the same program
in the U.K. yesterday -- or maybe it was 2 days ago. The point being that we're trying to be more creative
going forward, coming up with different ways to bring those customers to us, show them what a great
product we have, great service we have, and make sure they come back to us in the future, albeit not with
the promotion.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from Evercore.

Mark Stephen F. Mahaney
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. I think I've got 2 questions. I want to first start off, I think, Glenn, you made some comments about
the mix of alternative accommodations. And being, I think, relatively similar in the March quarter versus
a year ago. And I guess I would have thought that it would have been kind of structurally higher that
somehow because of -- during the COVID crisis, I know you talked about that, that mix increasing.

Do you expect it to recover back? Or do you expect it to revert back to where it was before that is
alternative accommodations as a percentage of your lodging mix? Or would you expect it to be somewhat
elevated post-COVID just because of the greater exposure that a lot of consumers had to that during the
crisis?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

So Mark, I'm going to -- let me -- I'll answer your question first about the general what I expect in the
future. And I'll let David talk about the mix, and he can talk about because we have more in Europe than
in the U.S. I'll let him go through that, to very certainly why we are where we are.

In terms of the future, here's the situation. We have been saying for many, many years, and everyone is
aware of this, that people have been more interested in the alternative accommodation. This is a global
phenomenon. And it's been going up at a steady rate for some time. COVID created a step-functional
change where people who may never have thought about an alternative accommodations, now they were
thinking, I want to go to a home that's not near people, maybe near the beach or near the mountains, and
I feel safer there.

Now having tried that in the future, the question, as you just asked is, will people go back to their former
habits of some people going to hotels, some people go home, will it be going to be a more gradual
increase and will it be a drop back first and then back up? I don't think anybody really knows.

But I would make the guess that people having tried the alternative accommodations during the
pandemic, will forever have it in their consideration set. And they may not always use it, they will choose
what type of property fits their needs. But now because it is part of their consideration set, I think there is
a functional change in increased mix in the long run.

That being said, for us, we do both. We have the greatest selection of both hotels and non-hotel
accommodations together combined so we feel we are very well positioned globally for that -- though I
have spoken in the past, in some regions, we are definitely insufficient supply that we need to build up.

And David, if you want to explain again about the issue because of mix in terms of geographies and the
mix in properties.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Yes. Mark, let me just explain that maybe in a slightly different way. So starting with Europe. If you
just looked out our business within Europe, you only looked at that lens, you would see alternative
accommodation mix in Q1 this last year, up a fair amount compared to Q1 of '20 and also versus Q1 of
2019.

So within Europe, where we have our largest mix of alternative accommodations, we see an increase
in mix. But you also remember, I said that Europe in Q1 was our lowest performing region. And of
course, the highest performing region was the U.S., where we have a much lower mix of alterative
accommodation. So that mix effect means that in total, our alternative accommodation mix did not
increase, but in Europe, for example, where it's the largest, it did increase a fair amount. So mix effect is
really the biggest reason.

In total, in Q1, the mix also of accommodation will be very similar to the 30% number we gave out for all
of FY '20. But again, within different regions, there are mix shifts occurring.

Mark Stephen F. Mahaney
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And if I could ask one follow-on question. I think you talked about a better ROI in paid marketing channels
and just your guess as to whether that's sustainable or not?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, it's a good question. There are many things going on in ROI. So yes, we did see slightly improved
ROIs on the paid channels. We also saw an increase in direct mix, and those 2 together, let us have
marketing grow less than bookings in the quarter. But there are many factors that go into accounting
ROIs, including cost per click, conversion rate, cancellation rates, and we're still in a period of, I'd say,
high volatility across all of those.

So it's not reasonable to point to any one factor as to why ROIs were up, but they were up slight, we want
to point that out. And it's only just one quarter. So given the volatility of things happening, we wanted to
point it out, but too early to call a trend.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank.

Christopher Louis Kuntarich
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

This is Chris on for Lloyd. Can you just talk a little bit about, I guess, booking frequency associated, it
sounds like there has been meaningful pickup in share within you guys' app? Just kind of talk to us a little
bit about booking frequency on app and how that compares to non-app users.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

David, I don't know if you ever disclose anything in terms of frequency on the app?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

No. Chris, let me tell you kind of what we have talked about and see if that answers the question. And
then maybe we're not kind of -- maybe we haven't got your question completely right.

But just to kind of remind us where we are right now, over 2/3 of our bookings are mobile. The majority
of those are on app. Our app booking customers are our most frequent bookers relative to other direct
channels because obviously, we can have a direct booking through a mobile web direct booking all through
a desktop booking and the app bookers are the most -- of the most loyal and the most returning. But we
really haven't gone into frequency. And also I'd say right now, in the current environment where we're still

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

very much recovering, frequency metrics are not the most critical ones that we're focused on right now.
It's more the overlying top -- the overall top line growth rates. But we are pleased with what we're seeing
with the trend towards app usage, the increase in the app mix and the repeat behavior of app users, those
are all positive things for us.

Christopher Louis Kuntarich
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And just want to make sure more of a housekeeping question. I saw a little bit of
repurchase activity that was not related to you guys starting up your buyback again. Is that correct?

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

No, that was related to employee stock purchases. That was not buyback-related.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley.

Alaxandar Wang
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

This is Alex Wang on for Brian. First just on flights. I appreciate the update on the rollout to 18 countries.
Maybe any early learnings you could share with us, partake in the U.S. and potentially attach rates that
you can share and sort of what do you foresee as the key 2 or 3 incremental investments to sort of
execute on flights as we progress through the year?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So we don't give away -- I don't believe we ever talked about the actual attachment rates, but I will
say that, that is an important reason we do flights. And that getting that booker upfront is important so
that we can then get them to buy something that will have a higher margin.

The 18 countries in that Booking.com is now working in. We are getting initial -- and we've been doing it
for some time now, we'll, I guess, a year now approximately. We are getting some learnings, how can we
improve it, how we make it better? We really haven't marketed this at all in terms of the way we market
our hotels offering because we want to get it right before we start spending a lot of money. We don't want
to waste money, as you know.

I am very pleased, though, with the very limited effort that we've done that people are using it, and we
are getting feedback that people are coming back.

So that's good. It's something that's important for the long run. And I want to emphasize how much this is
a long game we're playing here. Because, as you know, the number is still very, very, very small. And this
is very early. But we hope, in the long run, that this connected trip, which is not just the flights, but it's
also the ground transportation and the attractions and the dining, and all the things that people do when
they are traveling, to create something that makes them want to always use our app more than anything
else.

When they pick a travel, they come back to us. So it's critical that we have that first thing, which is
important to a lot of people, flights. And now we're going to continue to make investments into it to make
sure that it's absolutely a great, great service.

Alaxandar Wang
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. Just one follow-up. I think a couple of quarters ago, you guys had tested a digital brand campaign.
I'm not sure if there's anything you can share on that. But maybe bigger picture as we look at the
performance channels ex search, do you see any opportunities to sort of lean into more of the non-search

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

performance channels with online video as we're seeing increasing sort of digital transformation as a result
of the pandemic?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Well, we recognize that's where the eyeballs are going. So we need to make sure that we are putting our
name appropriately in front. So people, when they think of travel, they think of us. So we're cognizant of
that fact, and we are working on that. So yes, we will continue to work with that.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mario Lu from Barclays.

X. Lu
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. I have one on agency versus merchant bookings and then one on payments. So the one on agency
versus a merchant, it looks like the merchant bookings recovered at a level much quicker in 1Q compared
to agency. Is there anything to kind of call out there to explain the quicker recovery?

And then on payments, you guys mentioned you guys are north of 20% of bookings. Is there a specific
target you guys plan to reach in the long term? And how should that flow through to, say, revenue and
operating margins over time?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

So Dave, why don't you talk to him about his agency merchant question, and then I'll talk about the long
vision on payments.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So actually, we saw a slightly lower mix of merchants in Q1 this year than in Q1 last year, both in
total and at Booking.com, because bear in mind, you're kind of comparing it, essentially, an almost a
non-crisis quarter last year. Of course, Q1 in March, things got worse. But most of the quarter was not
crisis, and now you're talking about a -- comparing with a quarter that is very much still in the crisis with
recovery mode.

So people, in the short term, looking at the more flexible agency pay the hotel model because that has
just an attractive proposition in times like this were flexibility becomes very important.

We do expect a merchant business to actually increased during the year at Booking.com, where we have
obviously the biggest mix shift happening. And we still think that the merchant business in total in 2021
will be a slightly higher mix than it was in 2020. But of course, flexibility is one of the factors that is
important as people are looking at bookings in this environment. So that's what's going on this year.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

In the long view, we'd like to get as much of this as possible on payments because we believe we'll create
a better service for both our customers for traveling and our supplier partners to be able to do all sorts
of things that you can't do when it's just a straight agency play. And we believe we can provide value to
everyone in that way.

And I give that, for example, earlier about we couldn't do a back-to-travel promotion if we didn't have a
payment product to do that. And then in many ways, we're going to be able to merchandise people's --
our supplier partners' different ways to merchandise their offerings in ways that you can really only do
well with a payment platform. And of course, putting things together, bundling, all different things. So

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

obviously, we would like to get as many people in because it's good for everybody who comes into it, both
the customer and the supplier.

That being said, we know that we'll never get to 100%. There will be still be lots of people who will say,
all I need is a hotel. I like this agency thing, I'd pay at the desk, it's all fine. We'll see if that happens,
whatever. But even in that situation, we may actually do the payment for the hotel the way we can save
them money.

So it's a great -- it's a great opportunity for us, but is the long view and it's going to take some time to get
there.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And then just to kind of reiterate what we said before about how it plays out in the income
statements. We get additional revenue from providing the payment service. We have a variable cost
weighted to that sitting in sales and other, which is where you see the biggest offsetting cost element to
offset -- to match the revenue.

There are some incremental expenses, obviously, in our other lines as well related to running the
payments program, but the biggest variable costs are sitting sales and other. And as we mentioned, in
2020, the payments business operated very close to breakeven when factoring, particularly the variable
costs into account, which is an improvement from what it was before and it's obviously an enabler of the
business, as Glenn just articulated.

So we want to continue to grow the mix and maintain that breakeven profile as we're growing it
out, recognizing -- in the future, we recognize there are monetization opportunities that can lead to
incremental EBITDA from the payments business, which we expect, albeit at lower margin rates than core
accommodations.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan.

Dae K. Lee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is Dae on for Doug. My first one is on your alternative accommodation product. You talked about
works needed to improve the product in the U.S. Is that just inventory and awareness that you talked
about in the past? Or are there other areas where you see opportunities to improve?

And then just on the room night growth and booking growth. It seems like there's been a sizable
divergence in trajectory. I kind of feel like there could be affecting that border and is -- anything else
notable that's driving that? And how should we think about the relationship between the 2 going forward?

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

So I'll take the first and Dave, why don't you take the second. So in terms of the alternative
accommodations in the states, the things you mentioned aren't very, very important. We've got to have
the right properties for the customer. And I've talked about this in the past that we underindexed with the
private homes, the single homes in the states. And that has been a popular product in the states because
of the pandemic. And that's something that we are continuing to work on in the future.

It's also just the process in general, how we get people on board, who we're dealing with to get them to
come in, and we currently are using the multiproduct property managers more than, say, some of our
competitors who go out and get individual properties. So there's a difference in how we're doing it right
now.

I do believe this is a very, very achievable goal to be as competitive as anybody else. As David mentioned
earlier about mix, we do a great business in Europe in the alternative accommodations area, a very good
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

business. And there's no reason we shouldn't be able to do the exact same thing here in the states,
though it is taking time.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And on what's going on between the dynamic between room night growth and booking growth. There
are a couple of factors going on here. One, I mentioned the fact that we're doing -- that we're seeing
better booking growth performance from flights because of volume. And also, we're doing -- even though
the units are down 4% to 6% in car, there's actually a fairly good increase in rates for cars. So total
bookings, the TTV is down better for both flights and cars than it is for accommodations.

But the biggest factor is really what's going on with ADRs, and there has been a bit of a shift in what
we've seen even in the last couple of months. And we are -- saw that ADRs in the quarter were only down
1%.

Now I would say there's a couple of things. The like-for-like ADRs are absolutely still under pressure
due to lower occupancy rates. But there are some mix benefits that really impacting the year-on-year
comparison. The first mix benefit was the mix shift towards the U.S. as the U.S. really starts to accelerate,
particularly in March. You saw a really fast pickup in growth rates in March that we were not forecasting
when we last met. U.S. until that was a positive for room night growth but also for ADRs. And also in
Europe, what's happening is right now because there are still a lot of restrictions, people booking today
are booking generally more often for the summer holiday and the summer holiday period in Europe as
higher ADRs than most short-term stays.

So those 2 mix effects are really helping the ADR picture. And we expect that both the phenomenon that I
talked about in terms of air and car and ADRs are likely to go through to Q2 as well. But we do think that
ADRs will start to be driven down again in the second half due to a couple of reasons. Again, the like-for-
like ADRs are under pressure.

As an example, our stayed ADRs in the first quarter were down mid-teens if you exclude regional mix,
that's more of a kind of like-for-like comparison. So a like-for-like comparison is more likely to kind of
be exposed in the second half. Regional mix may continue to help. But then we do think that this earlier
booking of the summer benefit of -- or the summer bookings will fade and the reported ADRs will become
more comparable with the underlying state ADRs, and those will converge back together more in the
second half than they did in the first half.

So some interesting phenomena going on with mix and with booking window in Europe, driving what we're
going to see in Q1 and Q2.

Operator

And your last question comes from the line of Deepak Mathivanan from Wolfe Research.

Deepak Mathivanan
Wolfe Research, LLC

Just a couple of ones. So first, I wanted to go back to your comment about investing to gain share
with the margin opportunity. How should we think about your approach strategically? Is it on variable
marketing channels? Obviously, there's a few products that you have talked about before, but are there
any other initiatives that you would note as something that could be impactful during this recovery period?

And then the second question is on the labor market situation here in the U.S. Obviously, it's very tight,
and some of the hotel operators have called out the challenges there as well. How do you think this affects
your business, if at all? Maybe broadly talk about how supply side is evolving during the recovery.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

So I'll start with the second part, labor, and I'll let David go back to margins on how things can look -- or
as we continue to go for the future.

So certainly, we've all read, heard news articles about shortages right now popping up in different areas
of the hospitality industry. And some of the leaders in the industry, particularly some of the hotels and
restaurants saying, just can't get workers. But I don't believe that's going to impact where people are
going to be able to find a place to stay at all.

Right now, there is no shortage in my mind of great places for people to go to, and I don't see that
happening. Yes, some property types may be short at certain times during high season, particularly some
of the very popular areas in the summer as leisure comes back in some parts of the world. But overall for
the business, I don't see this as a significant or even a small risk to the business at all.

And David, you can talk a little bit about margin.

David I. Goulden
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, clearly, in a business like ours, there's always a trade-off between growth and profitability or
growth in margins, particularly in the short term. And the areas that we would expect to be leaning into,
there are a number of initiatives that we can drive to lean into to drive further growth.

Obviously, we need to be smart. We need to be nimble. We need to look at where the pockets of
opportunity are. But we continue to be, I think, a very good marketer in the paid channels and look at
those demand opportunities and really have the opportunity to lean into that where we think we can and
where we think we can actually gain incremental traffic.

We can do things with merchandising. And we can also do things with things like promotions like back-
to-travel, also there are areas like brands. So there are multiple levers we can pull to drive growth above
market where we believe there are opportunities to do so. And we believe that the recovery, obviously,
presents a very dynamic environment for everybody. And we want to make sure that we are taking
advantage of opportunities that we can either make or made for us and those are the things that would, in
the short term, impact margins.

Bear in mind, as we talked about what's happening this year, during periods of time when bookings are
growing faster than revenue, that impacts the business because generally, our expenses are associated
upfront with capturing the booking and the revenue comes later. So those are all the things that go into
the dynamic around growth versus margin in the accommodation business.

Operator

Thank you, everyone. And that's all the questions that we have for today. I will turn the call over back to
our CEO, Glenn Fogel, for any closing remarks.

Glenn D. Fogel
President, CEO & Director

Thank you. So in closing, I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our
shareholders. We appreciate your support as we continue to navigate to these better, though still difficult
times, and we want to continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. And thank you, thanks,
everyone, and please be safe. Good night.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You
may now all disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

