Boston Properties, Inc. NYSE:BXP
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, January 27, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

EPS (GAAP) 

0.60

0.05

(91.67 %)

0.66

5.94

5.54

(6.73 %)

2.82

Revenue  
(mm)

687.36

665.09

(3.24 %)

700.11

2820.57

2765.69

(1.95 %)

2853.63

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-22-2021 12:21 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS (GAAP)  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.81

0.56

0.55

0.60

3.20

1.71

0.58

0.05

SURPRISE

295.06 %

205.36 %

5.45 %

(91.67 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

Michael E. LaBelle
Executive VP, Treasurer & CFO

James Colin Feldman
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

Peter D. Johnston
Executive Vice President of
Washington DC Region

Raymond A. Ritchey
Senior Executive Vice President

Robert E. Pester
Executive Vice President of San
Francisco Region

Sara Buda
Vice President

ANALYSTS

Alexander David Goldfarb
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Anthony Paolone
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Daniel Ismail
Green Street Advisors, LLC,
Research Division

Derek Charles Johnston
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Emmanuel Korchman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Michael Robert Lewis
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Nicholas Philip Yulico
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Omotayo Tejamude Okusanya
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Peter Dylan Abramowitz
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Piljung Kim
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Richard Wynn Skidmore
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Stephen Thomas Sakwa
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Vikram Malhotra
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to Boston Properties Fourth Quarter and 2020 Earnings Call. This call is being
recorded. [Operator Instructions]

At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Sara Buda, VP of Investor Relations for Boston
Properties. Please go ahead.

Sara Buda
Vice President

Great. Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Boston Properties Fourth Quarter
2020 Earnings Conference call. The press release and supplemental package were distributed last night
and furnished on Form 8-K. In the supplemental package, the company has reconciled all non-GAAP
financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G. If you did
not receive a copy, these documents are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at
investors.bxp.com. A webcast of this call will be available for 12 months.

At this time, we would like to inform you that certain statements made during this conference call, which
are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act. Although Boston Properties believes the expectations reflected in any forward-
looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, it can give no assurance that its expectations
will be attained. Factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed
or implied by forward-looking statements were detailed in yesterday's press release and from time to time
in the company's filings with the SEC. The company does not undertake a duty to update any forward-
looking statements.

I'd like to welcome Owen Thomas, Chief Executive Officer; Doug Linde, President; and Mike LaBelle, Chief
Financial Officer. During the Q&A portion of our call, Ray Ritchey, Senior Executive Vice President and our
regional management teams will be available to address any questions.

I would now like to turn the call over to Owen Thomas for his formal remarks.

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

Thank you. Thank you, Sara, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'm going to depart from my typical
organizational remarks and instead summarize all the reasons why we are confident in Boston Properties'
future prospects and enthusiastic about the company's growth potential at this unique point in time. As
part of my comments, I will address accomplishments and challenges of the past year, current capital and
property market's conditions as well as Boston Properties' capital allocation decisions and strategy. So why
BXP? And why now?

I will begin with 3 points on Boston Properties' potential for income growth, both in the short and long
term from where we closed out 2020. First, our variable income streams will recover. Over the next 24
months, Boston Properties will likely enjoy one of its most significant and predictable improvements in
economic conditions and leasing activity as we witness the end of the COVID-19 pandemic. Two vaccines
with high efficacy rates have been FDA approved, 5.8% of Americans have already received at least 1
dose of the vaccine.

The more easily refrigerated Johnson & Johnson vaccine is near approval and health authorities are
advising that anyone who wants to be vaccinated will be accommodated by this summer. The Biden
administration is aggressively pursuing a more rapid vaccine rollout as well as economic stimulus to help
bridge the economic damage caused by the pandemic.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Given the herd immunity created by a high percentage of the population either recovered from infection
and/or vaccinated, infections will likely drop precipitously in the middle of the year. We are all anxious
to come out of isolation and return to our normal lives. So as the infection rate drops, the economy will
reopen and individuals will return to offices, restaurants, shops, theaters and travel. Approximately $97
million of Boston Properties' FFO decrease in 2020 came from the variable income streams of parking, our
single hotel and retail customers, all of which were devastated by the lockdowns. And we will likely see a
strong recovery in these variable income streams in the near term as the economy reopens.

Second, Boston Properties' office portfolio is stable. We have been collecting through the pandemic over
99% of our office rents owed demonstrating the quality of our buildings and office tenants. Only 7.1% of
our leases roll over this year, and we experienced 20% roll-ups on average the last 3 years, providing a
cushion for decreases in market rent caused by the pandemic.

We have signed over 600,000 square feet of leases on currently vacant space that will experience rent
commencement in 2021. We expect the noncash charges experienced in 2020 for accrued rent balances to
diminish, if not cease in 2021. We are now recognizing rent on a cash basis for all theater and co-working
tenants as well as the vast majority of retail credits we consider at risk. We will also be delivering in whole
or part 3 assets into service this year, 100 Causeway, 159 East 53rd Street and 200 West Street, just
under 1 million square feet in the aggregate and 95% leased.

Third, Boston Properties has significant external growth drivers, which are readily quantifiable over the
next 4 years. We currently have under development and redevelopment 7 projects comprising 3.7 million
square feet and $2.2 billion in total investment. These projects are 88% pre-leased, fully funded with cash
on our balance sheet and projected to generate cash yields on cost at stabilization of approximately 7%.

In addition, we recently delivered 3 Class A urban apartment complexes in Boston, Reston and Oakland,
with an aggregate of 1,350 units that are only 56% leased and have substantial income upside as the
economy reopens. We expect the income from delivering this development pipeline to add 3.4% annually
to our FFO growth over the next 4 years. We also anticipate starts this year of over $800 million, the
majority of which are new life science developments and conversions.

And lastly, we own or control land aggregating over 16 million square feet of potential office, lab and
residential development, which we will commence as dictated by market conditions.

Now my next points relate to our business model and strategy. A core strategic principle for Boston
Properties is to build, acquire and own high-quality buildings. Our portfolio is dominated by Class A urban
assets many among the leading buildings in their respective markets, such as Salesforce Tower, the
General Motors Building, 200 Clarendon Street and Kendall Center.

Higher quality buildings stay more occupied and perform better in times of recession, as certain customers
take advantage of lower rents to upgrade their space. For example, VTS reported from their database that
tours for Class A buildings in New York City went from 38% of total before the pandemic to 54% during
the pandemic.

Another hallmark of our quality strategy is market selection as we believe in the long-term health and
attractiveness of our coastal gateway markets. We acknowledge the economic damage to local businesses
and city budgets the pandemic has brought as well as individual relocations to lower tax jurisdictions.
But we remain confident in the attractiveness of our target markets for 2 basic reasons: the clustering
of knowledge workers and increased barriers to new supply. The cities where we currently and aspire to
operate, New York, San Francisco, Boston, Washington, D.C., Los Angeles and Seattle, have unmatched
educational, cultural and civic resources which attract the leading clusters of knowledge workers in the
U.S., particularly in computer science and life sciences.

Knowledge workers have more job opportunities and are more productive when working with others in
clustered environments. Future job growth and office demand is going to be driven in the technology and
life science fields where our target markets have a distinct clustering advantage. To create value in office
real estate as an owner, you need rental growth, which is driven by both job growth and barriers to supply.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Our markets have built in obstacles to new development, including a dearth of available sites difficulty in
permitting, antidevelopment local ordinances and cost and complexity in construction.

My last point on business model is Boston Properties' fully integrated operating capability and quality of
execution. In 2020, we were able to lease 3.7 million square feet with a weighted average lease term of
8.6 years, which is around 60% of our recent annual leasing averages, while the leasing activity in our
markets was approximately 40% of recent annual averages.

In all our core cities, we are a market-leading participant providing advantages in assessing new
investment opportunities, procurement and attracting and retaining talent. We are an industry leader
in ESG performance as measured by GRESB, the EPA, USGBC, Energy Star, Fitwel and others and were
recently recognized as the leading office company and second best property company in Newsweek's 2021
Most Responsible Companies ranking.

My next points relate to valuation. Because of the pandemic and the variability in our parking, retail and
hotel income streams, Boston Properties' FFO dropped approximately 15% the last 3 quarters of 2020
versus prepandemic levels, which is clearly disconnected from our stock price, which has dropped 37%
over the same period. The gap is caused by expectations, specifically concerned about Gateway markets
addressed earlier and the impact of work-from-home on office demand. I will reiterate that we think more
remote work is here to stay after the pandemic, but concerns over the impact to office space demand are
overblown.

Business leaders want their employees back in the office to foster culture, collaboration, teamwork and
mentoring and to provide more supervision. In a recent employee survey completed by Gensler, workers
want to return to the office as well, where they believe they are most productive and collaborative. But
52% want a hybrid model with more time to work-from-home for convenience and safety from COVID-19,
fears of which should dissipate over time. However, 90% of those employees surveyed won an assigned
workstation when in the office. And while only 21% of those surveyed had a private office layout, 47%
wanted it. Though employees may be working remotely more in the future, it will be difficult for employers
to translate lower census into space savings due to employees' desire for more privacy and a fixed
workstation.

There is also a disconnect between where the private real estate market is valuing Class A office assets
in Gateway markets and where the public market is valuing Boston Properties. At our current share price,
the look-through cap rate on our portfolio is 5.9%. High-quality office assets comparable to much of
Boston Properties' portfolio are trading at sub-5% cap rates. Though office transaction volumes were down
materially in the last 3 quarters of 2020 from the prior year, activity improved each quarter as investors
return to the market. Volumes were down 45% in the fourth quarter versus the fourth quarter in 2019,
but were up 59% sequentially from the third quarter. Office was no more out of favor than other asset
classes after the pandemic as office transaction volume was 29% of total commercial real estate volume,
both in 2019 and the last 3 quarters of 2020.

There continues to be a robust market for life science real estate as well as quality office buildings and
technology-driven markets with more limited leasing exposures. Just in life science, life science is a
portfolio dominated by a leasehold interest in University Park in Cambridge sold for $3.4 billion, around
$1,500 a square foot and a mid-4% cap rate with roll-up potential. And a partial interest in Discovery Park
in Cambridge was sold for $720 million, representing $1,190 a square foot and a 4.7% cap rate. And in
office, 410 10th Avenue in New York City sold for $950 million, which equated to $1,490 a square foot and
a 4.5% cap rate. And 510 Townsend and 505 Brannan streets in San Francisco sold for a combined $570
million, $1,280 a square foot and a 5% cap rate. Though both buildings are leased long term, one is being
sublet in full by its user.

And in the Seattle CBD, a leasehold interest in 2NU sold for $700 million, $1,020 a square foot and a 4.7%
cap rate and 1918 8th Avenue sold for $625 million, $940 a square foot and also a 4.7% cap rate. There is
material investment activity in like assets to Boston Properties. And with interest rates forecast to remain
low and the economic recovery described earlier, we expect transaction activity to increase and cap rates
potentially to tighten for well-leased assets.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

And lastly, Boston Properties has the balance sheet and access to capital to take advantage of
opportunities that will present themselves as a result of the pandemic. We currently have $3.2 billion in
liquidity. And after the redemption of our unsecured bonds and fully funding our current development
pipeline, we'll have $1.5 billion of liquidity remaining. We have been more actively monetizing in-service
assets, having completed $570 million in gross sales in 2020, and we expect a similarly elevated level of
activity this year.

We have access in size at attractive terms to the unsecured debt market, if needed, and have been
developing increasingly formalized relationships with large-scale private equity partners to help us fund
acquisitions. We have a reasonable pipeline of potential new opportunities in our core markets in Seattle
and continue to look for investments that require leasing and/or redevelopment to take advantage of our
operating skills and to create higher returns. As mentioned, we also intend to invest more aggressively
into life science real estate and have 5.8 million square feet of new development and redevelopment
projects under our control located primarily in the life science hubs of Cambridge, Waltham and South San
Francisco.

So in conclusion, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to create a very challenging environment for many
sectors of the U.S. economy and commercial real estate, including office assets. However, the end of
the pandemic is approaching and we are confident Boston Properties will emerge with strength and
momentum given our portfolio quality, income stability, growth potential, access to capital and highly
engaged management team.

Doug, over to you.

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

Thanks, Owen. I thought about just sort of stopping right there and starting with questions, but I guess I'll
make some remarks and give some time for Mike as well.

Good morning, everybody. As we sit here in January of '21, we are shifting from COVID, COVID, COVID
as the obstacle to a pickup in activity to vaccine, vaccine, vaccine as the signal to rejuvenate tenant
conversations about bringing staff back to the office and starting the leasing transaction processes.

There is no question that the rapid increase in COVID cases over the last 6 weeks of 2020 and the
beginning of 2021 suppressed leasing tours in discussions during that period of time. But in the last 2
weeks, 2 large Boston companies have announced their expected return-to-work dates. We signed an
LOI for a 70,000 square foot tenant that's going to need space in December of 2021. And just yesterday,
Amazon announced in Boston that they are committing to another 630,000 square feet to be built office
building and bringing 3,000 additional jobs to the Boston CBD.

So while the first half of '21 is expected to be quiet, we are cautiously optimistic that we've been
through the worst of the pandemic and that the latter part of '21 will have a discernible pickup in leasing
transaction volume, parking revenue and retail sales. The year-end market leasing reports that are
published by the commercial brokerage organizations held a few surprises, as you probably heard through
many of the analyst calls.

Leasing volumes were way off their historical pace and with the significant sublet space added to the
market, we saw negative absorption and increased availability everywhere. It's important to remember
that there are 2 types of sublet space. First, space that comes from users that have had changes in their
employee headcount and are clearly no longer going to need all that space. And then there's a second
group. Tenants that are being opportunistic, listing their entire premises, by the way, at no cost to them,
with an expectation that they'll decide what to do if they get an acceptable actionable offer down the road.
They may reoccupy, they may relocate and transact or they may find a way to sublet a portion of their
space, we just don't know.

But based on all the conversations we have had with our technology, our life science, our professional
service, our legal, our financial firms as well as the leasing brokers that are responsible for these listings,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

a change in workplace strategy, aka, we're going to work from home, where we're going to go to a
disaggregated workforce, that's not what's driving the bulk of the sublet activity.

One thing is sure, not all the sublet space is actually available. You might find the following illustrative at.
In Midtown Manhattan, after the Great recession, according to CBRE, from 2008 to 2009, about 24 million
square feet of space was put on the sublet market. Between 2009 and 2010, 13.6 million or 57% of that
was withdrawn from the market. Not all space is available.

The Boston Properties' office portfolio ended the year at 90.1% occupied. The quarterly sequential drop is
entirely due to the addition of Dock 72 at 33% leased into the in-service portfolio. As Owen said, we have
600,000-plus square feet of signed leases, 134 basis points in our in-service portfolio that has not yet
commenced revenue and hence is still defined as vacant, but it has been leased. We completed another
1.2 million square feet of leasing during the quarter.

On a relative basis, my view of the ranking activity on our portfolio, active lease negotiations, tours, RFPs
in our markets is as follows, starting with the best and moving to the least. Boston Waltham, by the way,
we don't have any available space in Cambridge. Northern Virginia, Midtown Manhattan, Princeton, Los
Angeles, the Peninsula Silicon Valley, DC and, finally, the CBD of San Francisco. During the fourth quarter,
in the Boston CBD, we did 5 leases, including another full floor new tenant at Atlantic Wharf. The cash
starting rent on this full floor lease will be 34% higher than the expiring rent, and there are future rent
increases. The cash rents on the other 4 leases had a weighted average increase of about 30%.

We continue to have additional activity in our CBD Boston portfolio, albeit with a number of smaller
tenants under 10,000 square feet. A few are looking for incremental growth, and a few were considering
letting their 2021 leases expire and are now actively engaged in short-term renewal conversations. I also
want to note that we finally obtained possession of the 120,000 square foot 2-story former Lord & Taylor
Building on Boylston Street during the early part of this month. This was a big win as we believe we can
find a far more productive use for this box that has been under leased since the mid-1960s to Lord &
Taylor.

In our suburban Boston portfolio, we completed 226,000 square feet of new leasing, including all of the
remaining space at 20 CityPoint, first generation. This is in addition to the life science lease we did at
200 West Street. The cash rent on the second-generation leases, about 150,000 square feet was up an
average of 23% on a cash basis. We continue to have additional activity in suburban Boston.

In Waltham, we're negotiating a 60,000 square foot lease extension, a lease with a new tenant
for a 63,000 square foot block of space and we're responding to a number of large life science lab
requirements. At the moment, we don't have any ready-to-go vacant lab space, but we hope to begin our
conversion of 880 Winter Street 220,000 square feet during the second quarter. And our 300,000 square
foot 180 CityPoint lab building has been fully designed, fully permitted, and we are simply waiting final
construction bids over the next few months.

Turning to Northern Virginia. This quarter, we completed 6 renewals at our VA 95 single-story park,
totaling about 218,000 square feet. In addition to the VW commitment in Reston Next, we completed
another 82,000 square feet in the town center in Reston. In total, in 2020, we completed 1.15 million
square feet of leasing in Reston Town Center. We still have more work to do. But we have a good start to
2021 with lease negotiations ongoing for an additional 60,000 square foot block of space.

In Reston Town Center, rents are basically flat to slightly down 1% to 2% on the relet, since the expiring
cash rents have been increasing contractually by 2.5% to 3% for the last 10 years, and they will continue
to do so on a going-forward basis.

Our D.C. CBD exposure rests in our JV assets. But here too, activity in our portfolio has picked up. We
completed 24,000 square feet of leasing during the quarter, and we're negotiating over 120,000 square
feet of leases as we speak.

In New York City, we executed our lease with Ascena at Times Square Tower for about 132,000 square
feet of office space. We completed 2 floor deals in the New York City market, each 31,000 square feet at

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

601 Lex, one was a 1-year extension, and the second was a 10-year renewal and the cash rent decreased
about 8% on that renewal.

We also did 4 small transactions at 250 West 55th Street in Time Square Tower totaling 26,000 square
feet, 3 were short term and 1 was a 10-year deal. We're negotiating a full floor of transaction at 399
Park on a space that's not expiring until the end of 2021. While we didn't do much leasing in Princeton
during the quarter, we have a number of active discussions ongoing that we believe tenants will be making
decisions to expand or relocate in late '21 and are strongly considering Carnegie Center.

When we talk about California, you need to appreciate the fact that the state has been strongly
discouraging tenants from asking their employees to go to their offices for the last 11 months. The
uncertainty level and the lack of pedestrian activity at the Street plane, particularly in the CBD of San
Francisco, has been more severe than anywhere else in our portfolio. And this has affected tenant's
appetite for making any decisions. Just to put this year in perspective, from 2017 to 2019, there were, on
average, 10 -- excuse me, 14 tech company leases per year in excess of 100,000 square feet. In 2020,
there were none.

Our San Francisco assets are 95% leased, and we have 280,000 square feet expiring in '21. The third
quarter produced just 3 transactions totaling about 23,000 square feet at EC. And during the fourth
quarter, we did another 4 leases, all renewals, up about 18% on a cash basis totaling 20,000 square feet,
it's pretty slow there. In South San Francisco, our Gateway JV is planning the construction commencement
of 751 Gateway, a 230,000 square feet ground up lab development to begin over the next few months,
followed by the conversion of 651 Gateway, which will be a renovated building, if we're able to relocate the
existing tenant there.

There's more activity in the Silicon Valley Mountain View area than the rest of the Bay Area. 2 technology
companies did 100,000 square foot plus expansions during the quarter, and there are 3 active
requirements right now in the market in excess of 200,000 square feet. There continues to be a slow
resurgence of medical device, alternative energy, automotive, the hardware side of technology that are
all out looking for space. We are seeing a few of these organizations looking at our Mountain view single-
story product, which is plug-and-play ready.

In Santa Clara, we're going to be taking our 218,000 square foot Peterson Way building out of service
when the lease expires in the second quarter of '21. This was a covered land play and contributed about
$4.8 million of revenue in 2020. We have entitlements for a 630,000 square foot campus, permitted and
improved, ready to go.

In spite of the challenging COVID-related conditions in California, in Santa Monica, we continue our
renewal negotiations with our 2021 expirations. And as I said at the outset, we signed a 70,000 square
foot LOI at Colorado Center from a new tenant. You may recall earlier this year, we actually did an
expansion with another technology company at the Santa Monica Business Park.

I purposely didn't make any comments about market rents during my remarks. With very limited activity,
any conjecture about where rents will settle out is pure opinion. What I can tell you is that there will
be large differences between deals cut on sublet space and direct space. Sublet landlords will have less
appetite for capital and more leeway with lowering face rents or giving free rent. There will be tenants,
however, that simply don't want the risk of sublet space. Will that prime tenant actually pay their rent
for the full term? Is that a risk worth taking? Or the as is conditions and other issues associated with
that may make them very uncomfortable with those risks? There will be a very wide gap between the bid
and the ask on direct space at the outset until we have a meaningful amount of direct deal comparable
transactions for the market to understand.

Landlords with vacant space that are according tenants that want a new installation will use capital to
entice users to this space, not necessarily space rent. And landlords working on renewals will be more
aggressive with swing space where it can be made available or lower contractual rates if the installation
that's there currently works for the user. However, there will be a flight to quality and the better buildings
as tenants see value in paying less of a premium to be in the best assets in these markets. Conditions are

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

going to value -- are going to vary submarket by submarket. I'm going to stop there and yield the rest of
our time to Mike.

Michael E. LaBelle
Executive VP, Treasurer & CFO

Excellent. Thanks, Doug. Good morning. So I'm going to cover the details of our earnings for the fourth
quarter. I'll also explain our guidance for the first quarter that we provided and some insight into our
expectations for the full year 2021.

We've reinstated quarterly FFO guidance, which we hope will be helpful and serve as an indicator of our
increased confidence in the operating environment. Our office tenant collections remain strong, and we
believe the write-offs are largely behind us. We also continue to execute on new and renewal office lease
requirements as evidenced by the 1.2 million square feet of leasing in the fourth quarter and the 3.7
million square feet of leasing in 2020 overall, despite the pandemic-related shutdowns. We're encouraged
by the rollout of the vaccine and are confident we will see a return of workers to the office in mass, but
there remains uncertainty with respect to timing. We anticipate our ancillary revenues, such as parking
and retail will continue to be weak until the population increases. Once we have better visibility into the
timing, we expect to restore full year guidance as well.

Our fourth quarter results contained 2 charges that I would like to explain. The first is a $60 million
noncash impairment of our equity investment in Dock 72. Our 670,000 square foot development we put
into service in the Brooklyn Navy Yard. This investment is held in an unconsolidated joint venture, where
we own 50%. Because the investment is unconsolidated, GAAP requires a mark-to-current fair value. Also,
while the $0.35 per share charge is a deduction from net income, it is added back to arrive at FFO. So it
has no impact on our reported FFO pursuant to NAREIT's definition.

Dock 72 is only 33% leased, as Doug said. And while we had some promising leasing activity pre-COVID,
there's little activity today and the market conditions in Brooklyn have weakened. We have increased
our projected costs to stabilize as well as modified and extended our anticipated lease-up. And the
combination of this has resulted in a lower current fair value for the property. The extension of timing to
achieve stabilization has a meaningful impact on fair value. We see Dock 72 as a unique situation, and
we do not anticipate any additional impairments in the portfolio. The rest of our development pipeline is
very well leased at 88%, our in-service portfolio is over 90% leased and, honestly, most of the assets have
significant embedded gains.

The second charge is a $38 million or $0.22 per share noncash charge to net income and FFO for the
write-off of all accrued rental income for tenants in the co-working industry. While these tenants are
paying rent today, we believe the ongoing length of the pandemic is stressing the sector's revenue and
liquidity. As such, we do not believe they meet the standard to maintain an accrued rent asset on our
balance sheet. As we discussed in both our second and third quarter earnings calls, co-working is the
remaining tenant sector that we've been monitoring closely. It is possible we could face a few individual
credit situations this year due to the impact of the pandemic across the portfolio, but we don't anticipate
additional significant accrued rent write-offs to other sectors of tenants like we've experienced with retail
and with co-working in 2020.

For the fourth quarter, our reported FFO was $1.37 per share. If you exclude the accrued rent charge, our
fourth quarter FFO would have been $1.59 per share and in line with consensus and the expectations that
we shared with you last quarter.

Now I'd like to look forward to 2021. We have provided first quarter 2021 guidance for FFO of $1.53 to
$1.57 per share. At the midpoint, this is $0.04 per share lower than our fourth quarter 2020 FFO before
charges. The decline is entirely due to approximately $0.10 per share of seasonally higher anticipated
G&A. The first quarter is always our highest quarter for G&A due to accounting for compensation.

If you look back historically, we typically recorded 30% of our annual G&A expense in the first quarter.
The increase in G&A expense is anticipated to be partially offset by higher revenue contribution from our
portfolio, including the commencement of revenue for a portion of the signed leases that Doug described.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

We also expect lower interest expenses. We are redeeming our $850 million bond issuance in mid-
February with cash on hand. These bonds have a yield of 4.3%, and there will be no prepayment charge.
We're currently earning close to 0 on our cash. So we will see the full benefit of lower interest expense for
the second half of this quarter and for the rest of 2021.

So as we think about the full year 2021, there's a few things to consider. If you simply annualize the
midpoint of our first quarter guidance, you get to about $6.20 per share. But that does not account for the
seasonality of our G&A, the reduction of interest expense from our bond redemption or the incremental
impact of leased developments coming online during the year.

For modeling purposes, we suggest you consider adding the following to the Q1 annualized FFO of $6.20
per share: $0.19 per share for the impact of lower G&A for the rest of the year; $0.08 per share from
lower interest expense due to the bond redemption; and $0.05 per share of incremental FFO from new
developments coming online, including 159 East 53rd Street, which is 96% leased to NYU and where we
expect to commence revenue in the second quarter; 100 Causeway Street in Boston, which is 94% leased
with projected revenue phasing in starting in the third quarter; and 200 West Street, our life science
development in Waltham, which is 100% leased and is projected to deliver in December.

So adjusting our first quarter annualized run rate for these known items gets to approximately $6.52
per share for 2021. That said, we are not providing full year guidance for FFO because there remains
uncertainty than our variable income streams, including our ancillary income and our same-property
leasing, both of which impact revenues and occupancy.

The timing of recovery from the pandemic is still unknown. It could have a material impact on the
recovery of revenues from our parking, retail and hotel. Currently, these income streams are depressed.
Their contribution is nearly $30 million lower on a quarterly basis than what we saw prepandemic. We are
hopeful that a portion of this revenue will start to return in the back half of 2021, but the timing is really
reliant on the success of the COVID vaccines and return to a safe and healthy environment in our cities.
We also have lease expirations in 2021 that will impact our occupancy and same-property NOI.

Our rollover for 2021 is 3.2 million square feet. As Doug described, we already have 610,000 square feet
of leases signed that will take occupancy of currently vacant space this year. We're also actively working
on over 1 million square feet of new leases and renewals across the portfolio. Overall, we expect our year-
end 2021 occupancy to be flat to down 100 basis points compared to current occupancy.

It's also worth noting that we have a meaningful amount of free rent that burned off in 2020 that will
boost our cash same-property performance and AFFO in 2021, specifically at 399 Park Avenue, we had
450,000 square feet of space in build out and under free rent for 9 months in 2020 that is now in cash
rent. And at the General Motors Building, 160,000 square feet of office space and a portion of our retail
was under free rent for most of 2020 and are now paying cash rent. This showed up in our results in the
fourth quarter with a $10 million increase in same-property cash NOI sequentially from Q3 to Q4.

In summary, we're excited about the prospects for revenue and FFO growth. Our portfolio cash flow is
expected to grow in 2021. The success of the vaccine program should give rise to the recovery of our
ancillary revenue streams. And we have $2.2 billion of leased developments coming online over the next
couple of years, all of which should drive future earnings growth and value.
That completes our formal remarks. If you could open the lines up for questions, operator, that would be
great.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.

Nicholas Philip Yulico
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

So I guess in terms of some of the pieces that you gave on 2021, it's helpful to think about. I guess
maybe starting first on the point about occupancy being year-end flat to down 100 basis points. Can you
just maybe explain what that assumes in terms of actually getting a retention rate on renewals versus
some new leasing since I know you also said that you have already this embedded occupancy gain of, I
think, 130 basis points. Just trying to kind of square away how we should think about how you then get to
a flat or down 100 basis point number by the end of the year.

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

So Nick, this is Doug. It's not as precise as you're going to want to hear. But our method of sort of coming
up with that number is to understand the amount of space that we have rolling over. And while we have
a probability on renewals, the real variability is on how much of the vacant space that we currently have
is going to, A, be leased and, B, be revenue producing. Because it has to be revenue producing, meaning
we have to have delivered it and "as a ready space" or in second generation and not tamales. And so it's
-- that's what's really driving the number to sort of flat to negative because we just don't know what we're
going to be asked to do relative to the delivery conditions of that space and when revenue is going to
start.

And as again, we sit here today with a 134 basis points of lease space that's not revenue recognizing right
now. And we just don't know where we're going to be as we get to the end of the year. And honestly, we
expect our transaction volumes going to pick up as the year goes on, it's going to be slow in the first half
of the year. And our expectation is if the vaccine rollout goods as we believe it will, that there will be a
significant pickup at activity once people are back in school from a population perspective and people are
back in their desks and people are feeling very confident about their business prospects. And so the third
and fourth quarters are going to be back weighted, which again, impacts the revenue number.

Nicholas Philip Yulico
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. I guess just one other question, kind of twofold on 2021. And one, the decision not
to provide guidance, maybe just hearing a little bit more about for the full year, why you thought it made
sense to not provide guidance since you did -- I think, you gave a lot of components that help us think
about a potential range.

And then I guess in terms of when you're talking about the 652 base, Mike, and then you talked about
some uncertainty on variable income streams and same-property leasing, I guess since you did give a
year-end sort of occupancy range, I guess I'm trying to just think about the same-property leasing and
whether that ends up being a negative adjustment to that base on FFO that you talked about based on
your year-end occupancy number.

Michael E. LaBelle
Executive VP, Treasurer & CFO

So I'll try to describe it a little bit more. And look, we're trying to provide as much assistance as we can
but there are some variable pieces that are pretty big that would require a wide range, I would say.

On the same-store, every 50 basis points of occupancy based upon our current kind of rental rates is
about $15 million. So that's $0.09 a share is every 50 basis points of occupancy. The variable income

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

streams that I talked about could add $30 million a quarter. So we just don't know when that's going
to come in. I think that the hotel portion of that, which is minor, it is only $5 million a quarter that we
think it's going to take longer. But the parking and the retail components of that, it could snap back more
quickly. It could be third quarter, it could be fourth quarter. And it's just really hard for us to say when
that's going to happen.

So providing a meaningful guidance range to you all is just difficult at this time. So we've chosen not
to do that. But I think I've given you a sense just on these comments of what our expectation is. If our
occupancy is going to go down, then after you pull out the charges we incurred in 2020 from the same-
store and you just think about run rate, if our occupancy goes down by 50 basis points on average, I
would expect our same-store to be down very slightly. We look at these -- our lease-up on a lease by
lease basis, so we've looked at all of our units.

Our renewal retention has gone up, and you've seen it quarter-over-quarter during the pandemic. It was,
I think, 56%, 57% this quarter, which is pretty good. So we've done that analysis to come up with kind
of the occupancy views that we have based upon the activity that we're seeing today in the portfolio.
Hopefully, that's helpful.

Nicholas Philip Yulico
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Yes, that's really good.

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

Just to say slightly, let me say this a slightly different way. We're really good at understanding what's
going to happen in the portfolio in the next 90 days with regards to the variable income. We're really not
good at knowing what's going to happen 3 and 6 months from now. We hope that when we get to our
next conversation with you, which is in early May or late April, we're going to be in a better position to
know how things are going across the country from a variable perspective, but we may not know. But I
think we just -- we're just -- we don't have the certainty associated with it. And we just don't feel we can
pontificate about the recovery of the base economy in terms of how people are going to act. And so that's
why we're sort of sticking with this quarter-by-quarter methodology right now.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank.

Derek Charles Johnston
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

A big bright spot in leasing with demand being pretty firm for life science and biotech companies was
certainly welcome, but it seems that C-suite decision-making in fire and maybe to a lesser extent, TAMI
tenants is a bit more hesitant or muted with commentary often, including more work-from-home flexibility
longer term and, obviously, people talk about the need potentially for less office space, what are you guys
seeing in the field? And when do you anticipate fire and TAMI tenants to reengage in a meaningful way?
Will it be during 2021 or potentially pushed out a bit?

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

Owen, you want to be on the soapbox first?

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

Sure. There are a few things there to unpack. Look, I think that you're correct. The life science demand
is strong, some of the other sectors are not. I think the reason for that is, most importantly, we're in a
recession. And in all recessions, leasing activity slows down, businesses have more uncertain outcomes

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

and CEOs are less likely to make major financial commitments, which are leases. So this is no different
from prior recessions. I think office lags a bit. So I think you're going to -- we're probably not going to get
more stronger leasing activity until later in the year when the virus dissipates, people come back to the
office and the economy is clearly in improvement.

As I said in my remarks, we acknowledge the impact of work from home and do believe that workers in
America and possibly around the world will want to work from home on a part-time basis more frequently.
So we acknowledge that impact, but we also see with our -- and we also see with CEOs, I think, the
importance that they see an in-person work and their strong interest in getting their employees back to
the office. So then the issue is, okay, what's the impact of the additional part-time work on office demand?
And again, to save space by having with people working at home on a part-time basis, you really need to
do 2 things. You need to schedule when that time out of the office is because everybody can't be at an
office on Monday or Friday; and two, you have to go to flexible workstations and move people around. And
again, if you're looking at employee preferences, one of them is they want to work from home more. And
as I said in my remarks, 90% of the survey -- in the Gensler survey said they wanted a fixed workstation.
So which employee preference will be accommodated? So again, we acknowledge there's an impact from
work from home, but we think it's overblown for those.

Derek Charles Johnston
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Got it. Appreciate the color. Let's just stick on that employee survey that you guys mentioned in the
remarks. I mean I'd say, to play devil's advocate, just because a worker wants an office or a dedicated
workspace, it does not mean that they will be granted that, especially if they prefer or demand a hybrid
model. So hot desking seems to us a potential solution, especially in an A, B or week on, week off model
that allows deep cleaning over the weekend. So I guess, like what data from business leader conversations
lead you to believe that hot desking is ultimately unlikely?

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

Yes. Look, I think you have to say, I mean, look, we all, as employers, want to accommodate our talented
workforces. And that survey expressed employee preference. So I think business leaders across the
country are going to have to sort out which employee preferences they want to try to accommodate. I
talked about the fixed workstation, working from home more is also an employee preference.

I do think strongly in talking with other business leaders, there's a strong interest in having employees
return to the office because of all of the diminution that's going on in terms of culture, competitiveness,
creativity, onboarding employees. So again, I think this is a question that business leaders are going to
have to sort out which employee preferences are they going to try to accommodate.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan.

Anthony Paolone
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Doug, you mentioned it's hard to know where rents are going to ultimately shake out, but you did do a lot
of leasing in the quarter and it sounds like you've got a pipeline. What -- where would you peg kind of the
conversations around all in economics now versus pre-COVID?

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

I think they're -- it depends -- Anthony, it depends on the market. And I mean, I will tell you that we're
getting higher rents in our life science oriented in our suburban portfolio in Boston right now than we were
pre-COVID. And in a market like San Francisco, all we've done is renewals and all those renewals have
been well in excess of what the current tenants are paying. And it's unclear if rents have really dropped by
much.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

But I can tell you that in my heart of hearts, I do believe that we're going to see some softness in the
markets that we're in. So again, I wish I could give you a firm answer, but I just can't. Now if you ask 100
people right now, based upon the activity that's occurred in these cities, our rents up or down by more or
less than 10%, I would say that they would tell you that rents are down by less than 10%. But again, it's
a net effective calculation, not a base rate versus a base rate previously.

Anthony Paolone
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I mean given the rollover in 2021, I think you have a decent amount of Boston, is it -- do you still
anticipate that you likely have positive spreads across the portfolio this year when it's all said and done?

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

The answer is -- I think the answer will be yes. I mean that's why I gave all that data on all the leases
that we've done recently. Again, that's about what the rent was versus what the rent will be on a
contractual basis, not about would the rent have been higher had we done the deal 6 months ago. So I
mean that's an affirmative, yes.

Anthony Paolone
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then just a question on the capital allocation side. Just curious, how do you think about or how
do you weigh kind of the JV route as an acquisition vehicle versus the complexity it adds to the company
overall versus, say, just selling assets to raise capital? And then in terms of target markets, is Seattle the
only target that you're not in? Or are there any others out there?

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

So I'll touch on that. We do have significant capital, but we also have significant ambition in terms of
growing the company and making new investments that make sense for shareholders. So we do think it
makes sense to extend the equity capital we have with partners. We have a rich tradition of doing this in
the company. We have a reasonably significant portfolio that's already partnered with global leading real
estate investors like Norges and CPP, and we think extending that type of business makes a lot of sense.

Selling assets is not an efficient way for us to raise capital. Most, if not all, of our major assets have a
significant tax gain, which requires a cash or it requires a special dividend. And therefore, the retention
of capital is much lower. So for all those reasons, we think the joint ventures make sense. And the other
thing I would say on the JVs is we are providing property services to those joint ventures, so we do
enhance our yields as a result of providing those services to the joint venture partners.

Anthony Paolone
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then the Seattle piece of it or are there other markets?

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

Oh, sorry. Yes, so I would say in terms of new markets where we currently are not in operation, Seattle is
the only market that we are actively looking at investments right now.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Manny Korchman with Citi.

Emmanuel Korchman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Mike, in terms of the co-working exposure, can you just remind everyone where you're concentrated
geographically from a co-working perspective? And is it the lockdowns in those markets that are causing
you to sort of take this -- take down those accruals and sort of pause in that income stream?

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

So this is Doug, Manny. Let me try and answer that question. So we've basically been approached by
every operator in our portfolio regardless of the market about relief. And we saw Regis this last quarter
all over the country put units into bankruptcy. So we're now 11 months into this pandemic, and it's pretty
clear that the flexible space operators, customers, obviously, many of which had short-term leases, and
then many of those leases are probably expired, they've been very slow to come back to work. But really
not dissimilar from the census we've seen. And our census, as we said before, is somewhere in the high
single digits to the low double digits, right? So this industry is simply just facing revenue challenges. And
we decided that given the credit deterioration, we should be recognizing rent on a cash basis. So that was
the reason we did what we did when we did it.

And with regard to our own portfolio, we have, I think, 13 units across the country, 3 in California, the
rest in other portfolio in Washington, D.C. and in Boston. Nothing in New York. We have 1 in New Jersey.
And in total, it's about $50 million. And we've actually reduced our exposure by about 100,000 square feet
over the last year to leases that have expired. So we don't have any specific concerns about any particular
unit. We're current on everything right now. But we just looked at the world and said, these guys are
going to have a really rough time and we think based upon the credit deterioration, this is the time to do
what we did.

Emmanuel Korchman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

And then as you go into these discussions with some of the longer-term new leases, have you seen
them either thinking about or actually changing their physical plan, more space, less space, that hoteling
concept? We've discussed on this call is sort of just more topical trends. But as they build out their space
with 10- or 15-year leases, how are they building that out today?

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

So we have had this conversation in past calls. And I would wish I could tell you that there's been a
sudden change in the sort of view that the tenants and their architects have taken. But I can tell you that
very few tenants are really looking at transformational design changes in their spaces across all industry
types. Now that doesn't mean anecdotally that you won't find a customer that says, "You know what,
we are going to try and do this work-from-home workforce strategy. But we want all of our people to be
able to come to the office, and therefore, we're going to need different types of larger meeting rooms and
different types of breakout areas and far less "individual spaces."

There are people talking about that, but it's the exception, not the rule to date. And for the most part,
in all of the build-outs we are seeing in our portfolio right now, it's business as usual prepandemic. And
again, the tenants that are in place with longer-term leases have yet to do anything with their spaces
relative to making a change in the way it's currently configured because they have a unique way of looking
at how they're going to sort of come out of the pandemic relative to the utilization of space. I'm a little
surprised, but that's just -- that's the fact. We just haven't seen it.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman with Bank of America.

James Colin Feldman
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

I was hoping to dig into some of the markets in a little more detail. I guess just starting out on D.C. post
election and the Democrats doing well and the budget we've seen, any thoughts on what might change in
either CBD or Northern Virginia?

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

So Ray and Peter, you want to take that one?

Raymond A. Ritchey
Senior Executive Vice President

Yes, I'll start. Go ahead, Peter. Go ahead, talk.

Peter D. Johnston
Executive Vice President of Washington DC Region

Well, I was just going to say, having not been here as long as Ray, but since the late '80s, typically, when
there's aligned houses in Congress in the administration and, certainly, I think we're seeing it now with
the talk of the stimulus. It always positively impacts the real estate market. How that's going to occur and
where that money gets spent, I certainly think the life sciences are going to benefit, which would indicate
the 270 quarter and around NIH closer in, but also downtown. And there's talk about reenergizing the FBI.
So historically, it's been positive. It's just given where we are with the pandemic, so probably a little more
difficult to predict right now.

Raymond A. Ritchey
Senior Executive Vice President

I will just add to that, and this is more to Manny's point previously than yours, Jamie. But in D.C. relative
to the 4 major tenants, that we're constructing new headquarters for Volkswagen, Wilmer, Marriott
and Fannie. We're seeing virtually no change to the prepandemic space configurations that they were
launching prior to the work-from-home motivation. And I think everybody -- all 4 of those are extremely
excited about getting their employees back to work. They're making virtually no plans for major downturn
in the actual demand for space and they're quite excited about the new buildings we're building.

So in the suburbs, we just completed perhaps one of the most successful years in Northern Virginia, we've
had in 20 or 30 years. So if there is a pandemic impact to our suburban portfolio, we're sure as hell not
seeing it.

James Colin Feldman
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. And then what does the leasing pipeline look like for more Reston Town Center type product?

Raymond A. Ritchey
Senior Executive Vice President

Well, specifically in Reston, we've got probably, gosh, another 200,000, 250,000 square feet of proposals
out for occupancy this year. So -- and now we're running -- in Reston, we're run-up against a lack of
available space. So we still have got, gosh, about 150,000 square feet coming on were our new project
RTC Next. That is now coming to a point in a physical condition where we start showing the space. So we
think that the real activity in D.C. will continue to be suburban focused with some, hopefully, Biden-related
activity downtown.

James Colin Feldman
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. And then I guess, shifting gears to the Bay Area, I mean, we all see the headlines about corporate
relocation activity. I'm just curious to hear if you think about the next couple of years, how much of a drag
do you think that will really we have on market conditions?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

Bob, do you want to start with that one?

Robert E. Pester
Executive Vice President of San Francisco Region

Yes. Corporations have moved from the Bay Area, and this happens every time there's a recession. Oracle
was not a big occupier of new space or someone that was taking space consistently over the last couple
of years. So I think it has very little impact. In the case of HP, they've been shedding space for the last 10
years. So I think, again, it has very little impact.

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

So Jamie, my additional response would be that the profitability, the revenue picture, the aspirations of
the technology companies that have significant footprints in the greater San Francisco and Silicon Valley
have probably been -- are stronger now than they have ever been. And as I said to you before, in my sort
of prepared remarks, it's been a really tough time in San Francisco, in particular, because of the shelter in
place orders that move to basically asking people not to go to work if they can't help it, but being able to
go if they could.

And we're just waiting to see what happens with regards to the aspirations of these technology companies
relative to understanding that there's a heck of a lot of additional labor available because of the recession
and certain things that happened earlier in the year that residential rents have come down, so affordability
is very significantly changed. And that San Francisco is still going to be a great city and that there are
opportunities to expand there. And it very well may be that we're surprised on the upside. We just don't
know. And there's an incredible amount of beta associated with what will happen in San Francisco. And
I think everyone right now is looking at the worst and assuming that's what the facts on the street are
going to be and not looking at the opportunity side.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.

Stephen Thomas Sakwa
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I guess, first, Owen, I just wanted to go back to the $800 million and, I guess, projected development
starts or potential development starts. I guess a lot of that's probably life science, but just have you
changed kind of your preleasing hurdles? Have you kind of changed your yield targets? And kind of what
are you expecting on those projects to the extent you do start them?

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

Yes. Steve, on the life science right now, given the heat in the market and the success that we had with
200 West Street and the dialogue that we're having with customers, we would be prepared to launch
speculative development and redevelopment in our core life science clusters. Maybe some of these
dialogues with customers will be signed before we start, but we have a lot of confidence in the market.

The yield requirements have not come down. So we're still shooting for 7%. And we would be a lot more
-- we will and are a lot more cautious with office. So pure office development, we certainly wouldn't launch
without a prelease.

Stephen Thomas Sakwa
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. And then I guess you mentioned sales might be a similar level, it sounds like maybe $500 million,
$600 million. Do you have any sense for kind of markets or how are you thinking about yields? How do

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

you think yields would stack up? And are these sort of single tenant, high credit deals with long lease
terms that have sort of been the flavor of the day in the market? Or are these more traditional multi-
tenant, say, average lease terms, which really have not cleared the market? How do we think about those
sales?

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

Yes. Well, we are already working on a couple, and we are sorting out the remaining assets that we want
to sell this year. As we've discussed in the past, we do have these gains that come from the asset sales,
but we are keeping our dividend flat, and we have more suppressed income. So those gains will be used to
pay the "regular dividend."

And Steve, I think the assets we will select will be a mix. There will be assets that we consider noncore.
As you know, we've been selling $200 million to $400 million of those per year even before the pandemic.
And then there'll be other assets that we think will meet the market in terms of some of the comparables
that I described earlier and the cap rates that are being achieved. So I think it will be a mix.

Stephen Thomas Sakwa
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. And then, Mike, I guess, you've sort of given, I guess, a reasonable number for earnings in '21. It
sounds like that doesn't, per se, contemplate the potential occupancy decline that you and Doug spoke
about, but nor does it contemplate on the plus side. Some of those tenants that are currently in place
that are maybe on cash accounting, where you're not really collecting a lot of rent or maybe rents at all.
So how do we sort of think about those 2 kind of going in opposite directions and info between that 650
number?

Michael E. LaBelle
Executive VP, Treasurer & CFO

Well, I think that -- look, the occupancy impact I mentioned in 2021, if it's 50 basis points, it could be
$0.09. And on the ancillary income side, I talked about $30 million a quarter, which is significantly more
than that. And if you think about it, basically, $12 million is parking, $12 million is retail, some of which is
vacated, but some of which is just not paying us right now. And the $5 million is hotel, which again might
take a little bit further to get back.

So depending on the timing of when that stuff comes back, it could clearly outstrip any kind of reduction
we might have in occupancy from the same-store. We do have -- I think what you're getting is, we had
some tenants that are on abatements right now, they're actually in occupancy. So we had $19 million this
quarter of those tenants. So we think that those tenants who are in occupancy and open will start paying
rent again. Some of those were recognizing GAAP rent. Right now, some of them were not. It's probably
about 50-50 on that. So those tenants are in place and an occupancy, and we're hoping to get back to
more of a contract rent basis next year as part of that overall $30 million increase.

Stephen Thomas Sakwa
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Right. So not to put words in your mouth, but it sounds like those things have the potential to maybe
outstrip or outweigh the potential occupancy decline at some of those really start to move in a positive
direction?

Michael E. LaBelle
Executive VP, Treasurer & CFO

Yes. They certainly do it, especially when you get into '22 when things are expected to even normalize
further because there, you're going to have both starting to get more towards a full run rate on some
of the stuff that returns, hopefully. And you're going to have more development coming online as well
because in '22, we're delivering Fannie Mae, we're delivering Google, we've got a lot of deliveries going on.
And the development growth for 2021 that I described is really pretty modest. I said it's only $0.05 that's

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

because that stuff is kind of coming in later in the year, and we'll have a full year of that stuff in '22. So I
think there's a lot of -- again, there's a lot of positive things that we've got going on.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley.

Vikram Malhotra
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So maybe just -- so 2 questions. First, just on the sublease market. Interesting, you mentioned at least
some tenants are sort of testing out the market and putting everything on the sublease market, just hope
and see what sticks. But I'm just curious from your perspective, why is that occurring this cycle and why is
that -- versus sort of prior cycles where we may not have seen that phenomenon?

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

We have seen in other cycles and other -- and which is what sort of was my point with regards to New
York City, between 2008 and 2009, right? I mean there was 24 million square feet that was put on and
13.7 million that was taken off. It was exactly the same thing. There was nothing different about this cycle
relative to sublet space than the last cycle other than the fact that for the last 11 months, there's been no
traction from an absorption perspective because most people have not been transacting, particularly with
the kind of spaces that are on the sublet market, which are a lot of times short term and are as is in many
cases, because they don't know when they're going to need the space because they're not sure when their
politicians are going to give them the okay to have their public schools open and, therefore, where the
employees can feel comfortable making plans to go back to the space even if the buildings are open.

Vikram Malhotra
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Got it. So last cycle, there were also just corporates who just put their entire space on the sublease
space, just to kind of see what sticks. But then as you say, some of it just -- they took it back as the
economy improved. That's interesting.

Maybe just, second, you referenced sort of the implied cap rate at a 5.9% for BXP and the private market
in sub-5% range. I guess just if I look at prepandemic in the last 5 years, for whatever reasons, the equity
market have always sort of -- versus NAV, the equity market is afforded, call it, at a 20% discount or so
plus to NAV over the last 5 years. And I'm just wondering from BXP's perspective, either actions you take
or ways to exhibit value, postpandemic, assuming this kind of disconnect persists, what are some of the
other actions or strategies you could pursue to close this gap?

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

Vikram, I think the key is to grow the company. I think the market values growth more than NAV, and
that's what we're focused on.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler.

Alexander David Goldfarb
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

So question, first, Owen, you mentioned back on Seattle, but that's the only market that you guys are
looking at. But clearly, you see a lot more growth in like places like Austin or Miami. I mean you got
Blackstone looking at buying the building down in Miami. So as worker preference has changed and,
certainly, Florida looks to become Wall Street of the South and Texas gets a lot more tech, at what point
do some of those markets start to create the same dynamics, culture, knowledge base, et cetera, that
would attract you guys to start looking at that markets like in Austin or Miami, et cetera?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

Yes. So Alex, a couple of things I would say. One, we acknowledge that there are -- there is some
corporate relocation activity going on to South -- most recently to South Florida and to Austin. So I would
say a couple of things. One, I think you got to dig into that a little bit more. I mean I'm not sure I would
describe South Florida as Wall Street South. I think if you actually looked at the size of the requirements
that some of these larger financial institutions have in the Miami market, they're not that big. So it makes
a big headline, but it's not a lot of space, and it's not a lot of employees. So that's one.

And then two, look, I do -- I think we all acknowledge Austin is a computer science cluster. There's
no doubt about it. But the -- and this is true in South Florida as well. The market dynamics for office
investment are very different. The level of new construction and existing vacancy, even with Class A space
is very high, and it's much more elevated than the markets that we operate in. So yes, you've got the
growth, but you've also got plenty of supply coming on and that has an impact on outcomes as a real
estate investor.

Alexander David Goldfarb
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. And then the second question is on the dividend. Mike, if we use your implied FFO range and
then deduct for all the fund stuff to get it to AFFO, it would suggest that the dividend is going to be
meaningfully uncovered this year. Owen, I think you'd probably agree that no one buys BXP necessarily
for the dividend. They buy it for the overall growth, especially given the low dividend yield relative to
other companies. So at what point does the dividend reduction become something the Board would
contemplate, especially as you guys talk about all the development potential life science where the value
creation in your platform is pretty good? At what point does the dividend come under reconsideration?

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

Look, our goal is to have a stable and growing dividend. We -- and given all the growth that Doug, Mike
and I described on this call, we're going to grow back into our existing dividend, in our opinion.

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

I mean, Alex, just step back, I mean, Mike said it, I thought, pretty well, which is there's $30 million of
quarterly revenue that is not in our numbers right now that we absolutely is coming back. Whether it
comes back in the fourth quarter of 2021 or the third quarter of 2022, we don't know. But it's absolutely
coming back. And we are -- we have additional development that's coming online that's going to bring
significant amounts of income. We have real confidence in the growth in our taxable income and our FFO
and our AFFO over the next 3 to 5 years, including 2022 and, again, we hope in late 2021. So I mean,
we're confident about what we have going on and our ability to increase our revenues in a significant way.

Michael E. LaBelle
Executive VP, Treasurer & CFO

And just the other thing I would add to the question is our FAD ratio is -- it's 105%. I wouldn't consider
that meaningfully uncovered. And we anticipate that our cash flows and our AFFO are going to improve
next year. And that's without necessarily the improvement of this ancillary income, which would improve
it even further. I mentioned the sequential quarter improvement in the cash flow on the same-store. And
there's a lot of free rent that burned off in 2020 that is going to be there in 2021. So I agree with my
colleagues that we're not thinking about resizing our dividend at this time.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lewis with Truist Securities.

Michael Robert Lewis

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

It looks like your tenant retention for 2020 averaged about 45%. You could correct me if I'm wrong. But
my real question is about the tenants that are not renewing and where they're going. Are they finding
sublease space or maybe some cutting or eliminating their physical footprint or some moving to other
markets? So I guess the question is, are there any trends you're picking up on that front on the tenants
that are moving out that are clearly different from prepandemic?

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

Michael, this is Doug. I don't think there's anything that we can point to that would be a trend that we
would be they're encouraged by or discovered by. It's the natural move out of tenants based upon the age
of their space, the way it was configured and what their future plans are. And so we don't expect to see
much in the way of changes in the profile of the kind of tenants that will stay versus the kind of tenants
that will depart for whatever reason.

Michael Robert Lewis
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Great. And how many tenants have notified you of a return date to the office? In other words, do
you have a rough schedule of how repopulation of your portfolio is likely to trend in the second half and
where the physical occupancy might be at the end of this year?

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

So the answer is nobody has notified us as the landlord. What we know is that they're having
conversations internally and talking about dates that are beginning in the end of the second quarter,
early third quarter and going as far as -- as far into the year as the fourth quarter, depending upon the
particular company in the particular location.

But I would say the certainty around knowing that there will be a date and that date is sooner rather
than later is the change that has occurred over the past couple of weeks. And I guarantee you that if the
vaccine rollout is effective and working, that you will see more and more companies having the confidence
to tell their employees that they expect those kids to be back in their seats in their -- those schools and
getting on the buses come the fall of 2021. And the colleges will be back in session in person, and there
will be athletic events and things like that. And it's going to be a question of simply getting through the
scar tissue damage that's occurred over the last 11 months in terms of how quickly they act those people
to come back.

Michael Robert Lewis
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then I'll just squeeze in one more, if I can. I just want to confirm, the active development
portfolio is 88% preleased. Are there any tenants in there that want to renegotiate anything or maybe
wish they had done their plans a little different, maybe like sublease space that could come back? Or any
unusual risk that you see in any of those projects?

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

Definitively no to all of those questions.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Mizuho Securities.

Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Ismail with Green Street.

Daniel Ismail

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Great. I'm just curious, regarding co-working, does this experience change your thinking on how leases
with these tenants might be structured in the future, such as the revenue share agreements?

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

Yes. I think it absolutely does. I think it makes it clear that we don't have a lot of appetite for doing these
leases with other people on a going-forward basis relative to what our current exposure is. And that
when we do this stuff with space in the future, it will be strategic and we'll have explicit needs in specific
buildings, and we'll probably look to do more of it ourselves because, therefore, we're sharing the revenue
with ourselves.

Daniel Ismail
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

And then on life science, we've seen life science cap rates trade inside of Class A office cap rates across
our market footprints. But I'm curious, in your underwriting, are you considering it as a permanent change
in valuation? Or does this revert to a more historical range post-COVID?

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

I think a lot of it's driven by the fact that life science rents in a lot of the markets where we operate have
gone up a lot over the last few years. So when you look at an existing asset, there's big roll up in it from
where the building is rack-rented to where the market is, and that's creating lower cap rates. If that
dynamic changes, I think the cap rates could go back up.

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

And there's a scarcity factor associated with it. There's not that much of it anywhere in any particular
market in the country. And our own likes to use the word, it's the hot dot. There's lots of institutional
capital that's saying, "We don't have any of the stuff. We need to get some." And so supply and demand,
right? There's relatively little in the way of supply. There's lots of capital that's looking for it. And so at the
moment, there's a very, very strong bid for it.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets.

Piljung Kim
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

I just had a couple of follow-ups. The leases that you signed this quarter had an 8-year term. But what is
your appetite to offer shorter-term leases to build up occupancy?

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

So we are in the business of leasing space, John. And if a tenant wants a short-term lease, we will
transact on a short-term basis. If a tenant wants a long-term lease, we'll transact on a long-term basis.
We are customer-centric, and we want to do what our customers want to do.

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

Yes. And don't forget that -- again, we've been -- we've had a lot of success, I think, as you're pointing
out in doing long leases. If we do the short extensions that Doug is talking about, generally, those don't
have CapEx. So we're, in essence, extending the tenant work over a longer lease term, which is also
attractive.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Piljung Kim
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

So do you view that as a short-term solution, given where we are in the economic cycle? Or could this be
a longer-term trend of shorter leases, lower CapEx?

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

I think that you have different kinds of customers with different kind of motivations. I mean there are
lots of customers who are going to say, "We think there's been a correction in the market, and this is an
opportunistic time for us to do a very long-term lease." Those customers are going to want to get as much
capital out of the landlord world as they possibly can and extend for as long as they think it's appropriate.
So that's 15 to 20 years in some cases.

I think there is another group of tenants that saying, "We're unsure, we're not -- it's not clear to us how
our business is going to perform relative to our current workforce strategy. We just want to kick the can
for 18 months or 2 years. And then look at it again, and we'll have more clarity and more confidence
about our decision. And then we'll be able to make a more permanent capital decision." I think that's
always gone on, and I don't think things are going to change dramatically other than, I think, it's going
to be a slow ramp-up this year just due to, again, the way I refer to it, the scar tissue associated with the
length of the time people have not been back together in their offices, and it's just going to change their
decision-making framework.

Piljung Kim
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. And then, Mike, I just wanted to clarify with you, do you see the fourth quarter as being the peak
quarter in terms of what you've offered in rent deferrals and abatements? It sounds like you think some
tenants are going to start paying rent again, but I'm wondering if you're going to be offering more rent
relief as well during the year.

Michael E. LaBelle
Executive VP, Treasurer & CFO

We certainly hope so. I mean I will say that many of our restaurant tenants we were kind of going through
the summer because that's when we kind of have an expectation that it will be the next period of time
when maybe there'll be improvement. So there is additional dollars that will occur over the next couple of
quarters. Based on what we know today, it's not going to be $19 million because there's about -- of the
$19 million of those tenants, I think there's about $10 million left for -- during 2021. And we are not -- I
guess you can never say never whether tenants are going to come to you again. But at this point, we've
taken care of a lot of those tenants.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Peter Abramowitz with Jefferies.

Peter Dylan Abramowitz
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I just wanted to go back to Owen's comments at the beginning. I think the words you used were the most
significant and predictable improvement in conditions and leasing activity, which I think makes sense
coming off the base we had in the second and third quarter. But at the same time, we're still coming out of
a recession and a lot of office-using jobs have been lost. So I'm just curious how your outlook -- what your
outlook kind of contemplates for returning the job growth and how that impacts your thinking for '21 and
'22?

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Yes. No, look, I chose those words carefully. And I think that -- and maybe the interesting one was
predictable. And I guess the difference of this cycle is it's been less -- it's not been driven by a cyclical
move in the economy, it's been driven by a pandemic and a health crisis. And so with the vaccine
progress, I think we see and I think the world sees a pretty obvious correction in this over the next 6
months. Again, knock on wood, maybe something goes wrong with the vaccines or there's a slower rollout
or there's something that goes on.

But in essence, unlike an economic recovery, which perhaps is harder to predict, again, if this is all about
vaccinations, maybe this one is easier to predict. And I think as all of us come out of the isolation that
we're getting really tired of and return to the world into our offices, into restaurants and to theater and
to each other, the economy is going to reopen and I think jobs are going to come back. I think of all the
small businesses that we'll get to reopen and restart is part of all this. So we do think this year, we're
going to have a significant improvement in economic activity. Look, office leasing tends to lag that. So it's
not -- so we do think by the later quarters of this year that the office activity will also elevate as a result.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Manny Korchman with Citi.

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

It's Michael Bilerman here with Manny. So I wanted to sort of talk on 2 topics. One, just coming off
the vaccine, Owen or Doug, are you thinking about, I guess, requirements, A, just Boston Properties'
employees in terms of vaccinations, any contractors, building staff in terms of making your assets
competitive for tenants to feel comfortable they're coming into a safe environment. And I know you can't
force your tenants, but just how are you sort of thinking about vaccine rollout and how it adheres to your
public places?

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

Doug, do you want to get that?

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

Yes. So Michael, I'll give you an undiscussed response to that. So we are -- we have the view, I think,
that in our particular marketplaces, the vast majority of the people who are tenants in our buildings will
get the vaccine. And it's hard to go from there to a rigorous requirement that people get the vaccine. But
it's not something that we won't talk about, understanding what the ramifications of that are. But if the
vaccine is effective and the vast majority of the people get it, the vaccine will have done its duty, which
is to effectively eradicate the virus and we won't have to really worry about the issue sort of on a going-
forward basis. But it's not something that we don't -- that we haven't not thought about.

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then, Doug, you talked a little bit about the sublease space and giving the '09/'10 analogy
for New York. The similarity is that we do have an economic crisis that's going on, but there's a big
difference between the GFC and today where people are not in their offices, right? People are still going
to their offices and the GFC, and people are not today. You've a lot more discussions about movement
of corporations around the U.S., you certainly have a significant amount of discussions around about
full remote working and hybrid remote working. And I think you know, I love being in the office, and I
love the interaction that, that provides and the advancement in a lot of things. But what gives you the
confidence that, that sublease space won't have a more material impact because it doesn't feel like it's all
opportunistic? It feels as though it is much more real today as people think about the amount of square
footage that they need in this new environment.

Douglas T. Linde

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

President & Director

I think you're asking a lot of fair questions and the answers are unknown at the moment. I guess our
intuition is that as people start to go back to work, the fear of missing out and all of the opportunities
that in-person work have will become more clear to more people and they will start to get back on the
bandwagon. Again, I am not saying that there won't be much more flexibility in the way employers treat
their employees relative to requirements to be in a seat every single day of the week.

But I guess I'm a strong believer in -- and Owen and I have talked to lots of people about the nature of
the office from both a business and from a social capital perspective and how critical it is for the growth
of businesses and the growth of the individuals that are in those businesses. And so I guess I am more
optimistic than your questions are suggesting about the value that people will ultimately and clearly see in
having people going back to work in a very significant way.

Again, on the margin, is it going to be a headwind? Absolutely. But I don't think it's going to be the radical
disruptor that is certainly baked into, I think, the value of CBD office stocks.

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Right. And I'm not trying to be a complete pessimistic person. I'm just trying to balance sort of the
comment about looking at '08, '09 and '10 and the sublease space coming back feels different than where
we sit today, but I understand sort of the points that you're making. How do you see...

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

Let me just give you 2 real-life examples of sublet space, okay? So Mizuho, which moved into a new
installation on 6th Avenue was always planning on putting their space on the sublet market, okay? I don't
think that sublet space is going to be competitive any longer because of other space on the market. So is
it available? Yes. Is it going to be a sublet space that's going to be actionable? I don't know. I think if you
ask the people from BlackRock on if they put some space on their sub -- on the sublet market, they had
planned to put space on the sublet market because they took additional space when they were doing their
lease and they always had the expectation that they would have some short-term sublet space.

So there's a lot of that stuff that's there this time as well that people are all looking at and saying, "Oh,
it must be a change in philosophy for the workforce management of that organization, and they're going
to have more people working from home." I just don't think that there's as much of that as people think
there is in the marketplaces. Sure, you can look at Dropbox and what Dropbox has decided to do in San
Francisco. But we just saw Amazon take 600,000 square feet of new space in Boston. We saw Facebook
last quarter takes the REI building in Seattle. I just -- there are tenants on either side of the table doing
contrary things at the same time. So again, I think it's very hard to make a directional conclusion.

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

What do you think the cadence is of the return to the office, right? And a corporation today if they made
the decision in March to say, "Hey, we're going to come back." I would assume there's a pretty long
delay and amount of time that they have to give people given a lot of people may have moved, they're in
different places. Maybe at that time when the workforce calls them back, they may say, "You know what I
like being here, I'm going to go get a different job or go somewhere else." How do you think that cadence
in your markets in terms of corporations making decision and then ultimately, when their workers really
come back into the office?

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

Owen, do you want to take that one?

Owen David Thomas

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

CEO & Director

Yes, sure. Look, I think the key -- our premise on this that we've described a couple of times this morning
is employers want their employees back in in-person work. They believe their companies will be more
successful if that's going on. But I don't think they're going to push it until the environment is safe. And
therefore, the infection rate needs to drop precipitously from where it is now. And I think it will as more
people get vaccinated and more people are immune because they've recovered from infection.

So when I think it's deemed to be safe, I do think then companies are going to be faced with the dilemma,
Michael, that you described, which is, "Okay, we want people back and how hard are we going to push
it? Because our employee base, some of these employees do like the work from home and they want to
be out of the office." I don't think they want to be out of the office full time, but they certainly want to
be out of the office more. So these employers are going to have to decide what are we comfortable with?
What do we need to do to be competitive in our industry in terms of in-person work and what kind of
policies should we put up to balance this competitiveness issue with the retention of talent? And I think
each company is going to make those decisions differently.

But again, I think as the infection rate goes down, and my assumption is that will be over the summer, I
do think you'll see a lot more companies requiring employees to come back to work. And I think different
companies will have different policies around work from home.

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

And I would say, Michael, that if an employee -- if a human being is vaccinated and that human being
is going to a restaurant to eat, they have basically said, okay, the stigma of "being in the population " is
now over. And so as more and more of -- as we see more and more of those types of things occurring, it's
going to be quite clear that the difficulties associated with asking your employees to come back to work
are going to have dissipated because they're going to have demonstrated that they are comfortable being
in and around other human beings in a very close proximate way.

If you're a believer in the efficacy of the vaccine and the vaccine does what it really is designed to do,
which is you don't get sick if you're in contact with the virus, I think there's going to be a stronger desire
for people to come back. Again, once we've solved those other issues, which are we've now put people in
a position where there are children are going back to school, where they're comfortable going on public
transportation, where all of the things that have been impediments to at least intellectually, people coming
to work and we have a governmental programmatic desire to get people back in seats, right, as opposed
to saying, we think that people should remain as far apart as possible because we're trying to keep this
pandemic in containment, which is where we are and have been for the last 11 months.

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Right. I was just trying to think through the timing of the corporate deciding, okay, it's now safe, we can
do it. And then asking their employees, it's not like they can make the decision on Friday, so everyone's
there on Monday. I would expect there's a pretty slow build to getting people back given how long they've
been out of the office. And I don't know what that ramification is on leasing and fundamentals, all the
other income sources. So I'm just trying to -- as I assume, corporations are thinking about all this, at
this point, given the vaccine distribution, given the efficacy, right, they're all trying to come up with their
plans. And I just didn't know if you had more insights about if they flip the switch or it's no longer opt in,
it's opt out, how long that could last for as we move into that direction. So your commentary...

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

Michael, I don't think anybody is going to surprise their employees. I mean we're doing it ourselves. We
try to give a lot of preview over how we see the world and when people should anticipate coming back to
work. So I think that will help in this repopulation that you described.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

27

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Mizuho Securities.

Omotayo Tejamude Okusanya
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Yes, sorry about that earlier. Can you hear me?

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

Yes, we can hear you.

Omotayo Tejamude Okusanya
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Perfect. All right. Just a quick one. I know we're running long. Could you talk a little bit about just how
you're thinking about dispositions in 2021 given some of what you've seen in regards to asset pricing,
your uses of capital next year and as also your year-over-year leverage target?

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

Yes. No, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we sold 500 -- between $500 million and $600 million of
assets in 2020. And that's an elevated level for us, at least over the last 5 or 6 years and we anticipate
that level, plus or minus, going into 2021. We have a couple of assets we're working on now. As I
described, capital market conditions for office are reasonably favorable, particularly for assets with certain
characteristics. And I think you should count on us selling around that level this year.

Michael E. LaBelle
Executive VP, Treasurer & CFO

And from a leverage perspective, Tayo, we haven't changed our views on the leverage that we think is
appropriate to run the company at, that it's somewhere between the mid-6s and the mid-7s on a net debt-
to-EBITDA basis. The leverage is obviously a little bit higher this year because of some of the income
items that we've talked about.

And then if you look at our supplemental, our leverage is reported at 8.07 this quarter, but that's because
the calculation annualizes the charges that we took this quarter. So we have provided a footnote that
describes that if you pull out the charges, the effective leverage is 7.26, which is within the range that we
are comfortable operating in. And then we've got a lot of income coming in off of the development pipeline
over the next couple of years that we've described and we've described in the past, where a significant
amount of that money has already been spent for that development pipeline. So that will naturally delever
us over the next couple of years.

Operator

We have time for one final question, and that question comes from the line of Rick Skidmore with Goldman
Sachs.

Richard Wynn Skidmore
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Mike, just a quick modeling question. How should we be thinking about real estate taxes as we go forward,
given maybe what we've seen in 2020? And then sort of are you hearing anything from the cities with
regards to how they're thinking about real estate taxes?

Douglas T. Linde
President & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

28

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Rick, this is Doug Linde. So obviously, it's market by market, right? In California, we know exactly what's
going to happen because of the legislative referendums that didn't pass. So that one's taken care of.

In New York City, I am sure that assessments are going to go way down. We won't know what's going to
happen with the tax rate. But in New York, everything is sort of bled in over a 5-year period of time as
those changes occur. So year-to-year, it's not a very big change, 8-K versus what it would have been were
we not in this valuation challenge.

In a market like Boston, there's been so much addition to the supply that we actually don't expect to
see much in the way of significant rises in real estate taxes because the assessments have gone up,
but there's more base. The cities have actually reduced the tariff rate so it hasn't been significant. And
similarly, I think in the greater D.C. area, we'll obviously see -- they have tri-year valuations in the
district, and you don't see much difference unless your building is being revalued.

But net-net, I mean, it's quite clear that to the extent that a jurisdiction has some physical issues, it's
going to be looking to its real estate taxpayers to bear a portion of that. But I don't think in the short
term, it's going to be a meaningful detractor in our revenue or impact our margins in a very significant
way.

Michael E. LaBelle
Executive VP, Treasurer & CFO

And obviously, our tenants, we escalate our real estate taxes to our tenants. So an increase doesn't come
back to us unless we are -- we have vacancy or we have leases rolling. So only a small portion of that
increase actually comes to us every year.

Operator

And I would now like to turn the call back over to the speakers for any closing remarks.

Owen David Thomas
CEO & Director

Thank you, operator. Thank you, everyone, for your interest in Boston Properties. That concludes the call,
all our comments and questions. Thank you very much.

Operator
This concludes today's Boston Properties conference call. Thank you again for attending, and have a good
day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

29

BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

30

