Broadcom Inc. NasdaqGS:AVGO
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, September 02, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

6.91

6.96

Revenue  (mm)

6756.68

6778.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Sep-02-2021 3:20 PM GMT

0.72

0.32

7.51

-

27.62

30.15

7239.10

7350.00

27285.70

28827.33

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

6.20

6.57

6.46

6.91

6.35

6.61

6.62

6.96

2.42 %

0.61 %

2.48 %

0.72 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

7

2

 
BROADCOM INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive
Director

Ji Yoo
Director of Investor Relations

Kirsten M. Spears
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

ANALYSTS

Blayne Peter Curtis
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Edward Francis Snyder
Charter Equity Research

Harlan Sur
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Harsh V. Kumar
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

John William Pitzer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Matthew D. Ramsay
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Ross Clark Seymore
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Stacy Aaron Rasgon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Vivek Arya
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BROADCOM INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Broadcom Inc.'s Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Financial Results Conference Call.

At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Director of
Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc.

Ji Yoo
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone.

Joining me on today's call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer; Tom
Krause, President, Broadcom Software Group; and Charlie Kawwas, Chief Operating Officer.

Broadcom also distributed a press release and financial tables after the market closed, describing our
financial performance for the third quarter of fiscal year 2021. If you did not receive a copy, you may
obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcom's website at broadcom.com.

This conference call is being webcast live, and a recording will be available via telephone playback for 1
week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com.

During the prepared remarks, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our third quarter fiscal year
2021 results, guidance for our fourth quarter as well as commentary regarding the business environment.
We'll take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today
and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual
results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call.

In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A
reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press
release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results.

I'll now turn the call over to Hock.

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

Thank you, Ji. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today.

In Q3, semiconductor solutions revenue grew 19% year-on-year to $5 billion, with infrastructure software
revenue growing 10% year-on-year to $1.8 billion. Consolidated net revenue was $6.8 billion, or up 16%
year-on-year.

In Q3, demand continued to be strong from hyper cloud and service provider customers. Wireless
continued to have a strong year-on-year compare. And while enterprise has been on a trajectory of
recovery, we believe Q3 is still early in that cycle, and that enterprise was down year-on-year. On the
supply side, we continue to keep our lead times stable.

With that as context, let me provide more color by end markets. Starting with networking. Networking
revenue of $1.8 billion grew stronger than we had forecasted, up 19% year-on-year versus low double-
digit growth and represented 36% of our semiconductor revenue. The better-than-expected growth
was driven by routing from service providers in the expansion of 5G networks for backhaul, metro and
call as well as major share gains in ethernet network interface controllers within data centers. While we
experienced strong orders from OEMs, consistent with a recovering environment for enterprise spending,
we believe actual deployment of networking in enterprise are still lagging from a year ago. Our shipments
and revenue appropriately reflects this.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BROADCOM INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

In Q4, however, we expect a different set of demand dynamics. We see cloud customers upgrading to our
next-generation 800-gigabit base Tomahawk 4 and Trident switches. We're the first and only provider of
25.6 terabit switches, and we are shipping 2 versions: one with 512 lanes at 50G SerDes; and we have
256 lanes at 100G SerDes. I would like to highlight that we are the only company today shipping 100G
SerDes.

In data center switching, as in service provider routing, we continue to lead in next-generation product
transitions as our engineers continue to out-execute what's out there. And in Q4, against a very strong
year-on-year compare, we expect networking revenue growth to be low double digits year-on-year.

Next, our server storage connectivity business was $673 million in Q3, down 9% year-on-year, in line with
our guidance and represented approximately 13% of semiconductor revenue. As you know, our products
here supply mission-critical applications largely to enterprise, which, as I said earlier, was in a state of
recovery. That being said, we have seen a very strong booking trajectory from traditional enterprise
customers within this segment. We expect such enterprise recovery in server storage. And the same is
happening in networking to be one of the [ engines ] of growth in Q4 and into 2022.

In this particular segment, customer transition to our next-generation SaaS and nVME connectivity at the
server, exemplifying this growth. The aggressive migration in cloud to 18-terabyte hard disk drives will
also provide a strong tailwind to demand for external storage connectivity products in this segment. In
sharp contrast to the 9% decline in Q3, we forecast in Q4, server storage connectivity revenue to be up
low double-digit percentage year-on-year.

Moving on to broadband. Revenue of $910 million in Q3 grew 23% year-on-year and represented
18% of semiconductor revenue. This was primarily driven by the 2x growth in deployments of WiFi 6
access gateways as well as double-digit growth in next-generation fiber and DOCSIS 3.1 cable modem
deployments.

For Q4, we continue to expect double-digit year-on-year revenue growth in broadband, we've been seeing
for the last few quarters. So looking ahead, we see service providers like AT&T, British Telecom and even
Deutsche Telekom, deploying in increasing volumes next-generation last mile fiber connectivity to homes
in the U.S. and globally. This multiyear and multibillion dollar investments by these operators and attach
to every one of these fiber nodes, you need WiFi connectivity for the last 100 feet within the homes, and
we lead the global transition to WiFi 6 today. We expect our strong design win momentum for WiFi 6E at
U.S. and European operators will sustain our market position into the next generation.

Now moving to wireless. Q3 revenue of $1.4 billion was up 35% year-on-year, in line with expectations
and represented 29% of semiconductor revenue mix. In Q4, we expect wireless revenue to ramp
approximately 33% sequentially in support of the launch of next-generation smartphones and to be up
25% year-on-year.

Finally, industrial. Revenue of $205 million in Q3 represented approximately 4% of Q3 semiconductor
solutions revenue. Resales here grew what we consider an unsustainable 55% year-over-year, driven by
aggressive buying from OEMs in automotive, robotics and renewable energy. As a result, inventory in our
channels declined significantly to below 2 months. And turning to Q4, we expect resales to come down to
a more rational 20% year-upon-year growth.

And so in summary, Q3 semiconductor solutions revenue was up 19% year-on-year. And in Q4, we expect
the momentum to continue and revenue growth to be up double-digit percentage year-on-year.

Turning to software. In Q3, infrastructure software revenue of $1.8 billion grew 10% year-on-year and
represented 26% of total revenue. Within this, Brocade grew 27% year-on-year, driven by the launch
of new generation Gen 7 Fibre Channel SAN products. Excluding Brocade, Broadcom software revenue
grew 6% year-on-year. In dollar terms, bookings averaged 116% over expiring contracts, while in our
core accounts we averaged 129%. Over 9% of these bookings represented recurring subscription and
maintenance revenues. Reflecting these renewals, we expect our infrastructure software revenue to be on
track to grow around mid-single-digit percentage year-over-year, which is, again, what we expect to see in
Q4.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BROADCOM INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

So in summary, combining a strongly growing semiconductor segment with a more stable software
segment, total Q3 net revenue grew 16% year-on-year, and we expect this double-digit growth to sustain
in Q4 and total revenue to be $7.35 billion or up 14% year-on-year.

And with that, let me turn the call over to Kirsten.

Kirsten M. Spears
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance.

Revenue was $6.8 billion for the quarter, up 16% from a year ago. Gross margins were 75% of revenue
in the quarter and up approximately 85 basis points year-on-year. Operating expenses were $1.1 billion,
flat year-on-year, driven by lower SG&A and continued investment in R&D. Operating income for the
quarter was $3.9 billion and was up 24% from a year ago. Operating margin was 58% of revenue, up
approximately 360 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was $4.1 billion or 61% of revenue. This
figure excludes $134 million of depreciation.

Now a review of the P&L for our 2 segments. Revenue for our semiconductor solutions segment was $5
billion and represented 74% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 19% year-on-year. Gross margins
for our semiconductor solutions segment were approximately 70%, up 110 basis points year-on-year,
driven primarily by favorable product mix and content growth as we deploy more next-generation products
in broadband and networking.

Operating expenses were $783 million in Q3, flat year-on-year. R&D was $693 million in Q3, up 1%
year-on-year. Q3 operating margins increased to 54%, up 410 basis points year-on-year. So while
semiconductor revenue was up 19%, operating profit grew 29%.

Moving to the P&L for our infrastructure software segment. Revenue for infrastructure software was $1.8
billion and represented 26% of revenue. This was up 10% year-on-year. Gross margins for infrastructure
software were 90% in the quarter, up 125 basis points year-over-year.

Operating expenses were $359 million in the quarter, up 1% year-over-year. R&D spending at $226 million
is up 9% year-over-year, and SG&A of $133 million is down 11% year-over-year. Operating margin was
70% in Q3, up 305 basis points year-over-year; and operating profit grew 15%.

Moving to cash flow. Free cash flow in the third quarter was $3.4 billion, representing 51% of revenue.
We spent $115 million on capital expenditures. Days sales outstanding were 30 days in the third quarter
compared to 42 days a year ago. We ended the third quarter with inventory of $1.2 billion, an increase of
$156 million or 16% from the end of the prior quarter in preparation to meet customer demand in Q4. We
ended the third quarter with $11.1 billion of cash and $40.5 billion of total debt, of which $279 million is
short term.

Turning to capital allocation. In the quarter, we paid stockholders $1.6 billion of cash dividends. We also
paid $347 million in withholding taxes due on vesting of employee equity, resulting in the elimination of
approximately 739,000 AVGO shares. We ended the quarter with 412 million outstanding common shares
and 449 million diluted shares. Note that we expect the diluted share count to be 448 million in Q4. Our
Board of Directors has approved a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock of $3.60 per share in Q4.

Based on current business trends and conditions, and to reiterate what Hock has said, our guidance for
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 is for consolidated revenues of $7.35 billion and adjusted EBITDA of
approximately 61% of projected revenue.
That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BROADCOM INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.

John William Pitzer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Hock, I'm just kind of curious, you kind of did what you said you were going to do 90 days ago. But this
is usually the part of the cycle, especially on the semi business, where I would expect -- I would have
expected more upside. And clearly, when you look across the sector, most companies are putting up
an upside that you guys didn't see in the July quarter. So I'm kind of curious if you can help us better
understand what happened. Do you think that this was mostly a supply issue?

And given that inventory grew 15% sequentially in the quarter, to what extent do you think now that
you're kind of got that under control, and going forward, you'll have a better supply environment to fulfill
this demand?

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

Well, I mean, supply is always something that is very much an issue of constraint in this environment, as
you well know. But the other side of the picture is we rallied shipping. As we have said in previous calls
several times, we are -- to put it directly, we are shipping to exactly, we believe, to what demand requires.
By that, I mean, end-user demand requires. We are trying very hard not to over-ship and end up building
pockets of excess inventory within our ecosystem. So I think we're managing very much to what we see
out there.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar from Piper Sandler.

Harsh V. Kumar
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Yes, Hock, first of all, congratulations on the solid results guidance.

A question for you is, everybody's favorite foundry, TSMC, is talking about price increases. In some cases,
they are substantial. Do you feel that you can pass this along? And also, at this point in time, companies
are probably securing capacity for next year. Can you talk about your capacity -- your ability to get some
extra capacity to be able to grow next year?

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

Okay. I mean very interesting questions asked. First and foremost, from our side, we try not to talk about
customers, specifically, and the same applies very much to strategic suppliers, too. So I won't comment at
all on what you alluded to here.

But as far as our capacity for 2022, I think we have gotten a pretty good supply availability lineup for
2022. And we feel pretty okay about that. I won't say great, but in this environment, all things considered,
we're feeling quite good.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.

Ross Clark Seymore
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BROADCOM INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

Hock, I want to touch on the enterprise business. You mentioned it a couple of different times when you
were talking about both networking and your server storage connectivity segments. So I guess a two-part
question.

One, how much of your semiconductor business do you believe is enterprise exposed? And two, when do
you believe that will return to year-over-year growth? And is that a specific thing to Broadcom with your
product cycles? Or is it just the end markets returning to year-over-year growth at that time?

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

Okay. Well, enterprise -- traditional enterprise, as we define it, and I think I made a point of purposely
demarcating the fact that in semiconductors, which -- focusing on semiconductor segment by itself, you
can literally look at our data -- revenue selling into 3 distinct elements, right? One is cloud and service
providers, which we clump together as one, and then there's consumer, which is very much our wireless
business. And then the rest of companies out there, enterprises, we call traditional enterprise. So we
do put telcos, service providers to make it clear, as part of cloud in that category. So we break it into
3 categories. And under that measure, enterprise represents about half -- just around half of the total
semiconductor revenues.

And to basically answer your question, which I did indicate in my remarks on server storage end markets
for our semiconductor business, we have seen an improvement year-on-year of revenues in this -- in
server storage, which is 80%, at least 90%, driven by traditional enterprise. So they are a very good
indicator of what traditional enterprise is showing.

We have seen it show of improving year-on-year compares, and ending with -- and the latest Q3 still
high -- mid- to high single-digit decline from a year ago. But we did also guide that because of strong
bookings that we have been seeing now for the last 3 months, at least from enterprise, which is going
through largely on the large OEMs, who particularly -- who integrate the products and sell it to end users,
we are going to likely expect enterprise to grow double digits year-on-year in Q4. So we see the point of
crossover probably now Q4.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder from Charter Equity Research.

Edward Francis Snyder
Charter Equity Research

Hock, following up on that same question. Last quarter, you were predicting -- or you thought the
excellent growth you've seen in cloud server providers and telcos might lighten up next year as they
digest that as enterprise started to grow, and there'll be kind of a mix shift there. But it sounds like that
isn't lightening up and enterprise is coming back a bit sooner.

Do you think any differently now about telcos and service provider in the cloud? Will that last longer? Do
you still expect to maybe lighten up in 2022? And how long do you expect -- enterprise has been down for
quite a while now, the enterprise upward trend to last? I'm just trying to get a feeling what the profile of
demand looks like in your core business next year.

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

Sure. Happy to do that. What we are seeing now -- or what we expect to see in 2022 in terms of broad
direction is, we see -- in telcos, service providers are running well, quite hot, and it looks like they are
sustaining as opposed to perhaps rolling over. They seem to be sustaining where we are right now.
And regarding enterprise, it's pretty much what we had indicated before and continue to see, which is
a continuing trajectory of improving demand -- spending and demand. And we see that continuing to
improve and grow next -- this coming quarter, Q4 and beyond.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BROADCOM INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

In fact, I would say that the engine for growth for our semiconductor business in 2022 will likely be
enterprise spending, whether it's coming from networking, one sector for us, and/or from server storage,
which is largely enterprise, we see both this showing strong growth as we go into 2022. While, just
to repeat myself, we see telcos and service providers not rolling over, just hanging up there at a very
elevated level.

Edward Francis Snyder
Charter Equity Research

Does that imply you expect the cloud to lighten up a bit then, too? Because you just called out service
providers and telcos, but you kind of avoided talking about the cloud?

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

No, I use service providers sometimes to say, cloud as well. Now we see cloud also hanging out together
with service provider -- together with the telcos.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research.

Stacy Aaron Rasgon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I wanted to ask you about capital allocation. Obviously, while half the cash flow goes to the dividend, the
other half goes, I mean, ideally to M&A or buybacks. And it's been a while since, obviously, you executed
M&A, and we're kind of getting towards the end of the year.

At what point do you kind of make the decision to give up on M&A this year and start buying back stock?
Or do you save the cash like for like a potential deal next year? Just how do we think about your mindset
around M&A environment versus just using the cash for buybacks, and then maybe starting the cycle over
again at some point as we get into next year?

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

Well, it's not the first time I got this question. I got it last quarter, and the quarter before, and I told
you guys, and I stick by that answer still now, we're running it until the end of this fiscal year, which is
October, November. And we'll make the call at that time, whether we use the cash to buy or we use the
cash, either to buy -- to do an M&A or to buy back our shares.

Stacy Aaron Rasgon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Does that mean that you have to have a deal in mind in October, November? Or could the call be to save
the cash for something in the future? Or like if you don't have a deal on the books in October, November,
do we see a buyback?

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

Well, probably, play the simple way as far as saying that -- as you correctly say, we're accumulating cash
at a fairly dramatic rate. And so by the end of October, our fiscal year, we'll probably see the cash net of
dividends and our cash pool to be up to close to $13 billion, which is something like $6 billion, $7 billion,
$8 billion above what we would, otherwise, like to carry on our books. So we have to make a call at that --
a decision at that point.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JPMorgan.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BROADCOM INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

Harlan Sur
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congratulations on the strong quarterly execution and results.

Strong free cash flow generation in Q3. You gave us the EBITDA profile for Q4. And if I use normalized
assumptions on cash interest payments, cash taxes and CapEx, it looks like the team is going to generate
about $13.7 billion-ish, roughly, in free cash flow this fiscal year which roughly translates into a dividend
increase to at least $16.70, maybe a bit more, if the team continues to return 50% of the free cash flow.

I guess my question is, on Q4, are there any onetime cash events timing-related dynamics, CapEx
increases or tax-related events, which we should be considering? Or is my free cash flow and dividend
math roughly correct?

And then just a quick follow-up. The team has a fairly large footprint of logistics, warehousing and key
suppliers for assembly and test in Malaysia. Just given the significant uptick in COVID-19 cases there, is
the team being impacted by potential facilities closures? Or how is the team mitigating this impact?

Kirsten M. Spears
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Well, I'll take that first question that you asked, and then I'll have Hock take the second one. Essentially,
we -- our policy isn't changing. We're going to return 50% of our free cash flows to our shareholders. And
I would say your math is pretty good.

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

You're spot on, Harlan, on your math, almost.

Harlan Sur
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Thank you.

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

Right. In terms of the concern that you expressed about the resurgence of COVID-19 infections in
Malaysia, where we have -- correctly say have a large supply chain team located, you're right. It's
challenging, but we are managing very well, I think, our teams there. I would say, practically, 99% of
our people in Malaysia have been vaccinated. We made arrangements with the Malaysian government
and ensured that this was done. And this has been done, and so we are able to manage through this
resurgence in Malaysia. And we will continue to keep our eye very closely on conditions over there, but for
now, I think we are okay.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America.

Vivek Arya
BofA Securities, Research Division

Actually, I just wanted to clarify something, and then have the question. On the clarification, I think, Hock,
you mentioned you're shipping to demand. Does it mean you're not seeing any supply shortages? Then
that would be very different than what we're hearing from every other semiconductor company. So I just
wanted to make sure I had the right interpretation.

And then my question is, just kind of the long-term growth rate for Broadcom. In the past, you have
mentioned kind of this mid-single-digit kind of growth rate. I understand that this year, right, compares
to make it easier to grow faster than that. But as you look at Broadcom over the next handful of years,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BROADCOM INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

do you think you are in a situation to grow better than mid-single-digit growth rate? Like what is missing
to make you upgrade, right, that mid-single-digit growth rate, the conceptual forecast that you have
provided in the past?

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

Okay. Let me take the first question first -- the first part of the question first because I think it's very
important and very interesting. It ties into the first question by John Pitzer is, "Hey, why are you guys not
shipping like crazy? Are you supply constrained?" That's always overhanging our care about making every
wafer count in this environment, and we do that very carefully. And we do that, I believe, very well given
-- looking at how well our margins are performing in this environment. But we also are always, as I said
before a few times, the way we manage our supply chain, we pretty much like to carefully scrutinize end
demand as defined by ourselves, which is what -- the end-user who need those products.

What we also see, and I mentioned that in our Industrial segment in 2000 -- in Q3, where resale from a
distributor -- as you know, industrial generally goes through -- pretty much go through distributors. The
OEM -- the end users just go to our distributors and wipe out our inventory, most our inventory there. So
we show a resale growth of 55%, and we all know that's not real demand. People are building up buffer.
There's a certain level of panic buying. Take that across all segments of semiconductor markets today.
You see that kind of behavior, unless you -- as core key suppliers, we put in careful discipline to manage
supply to where demand is really needed as opposed to where OEMs or even end users are just building
up buffers -- bucket of buffers everywhere. And that's pretty much what we spend a lot of our time doing.

I cannot necessarily say the same of many other semiconductor companies out there, which is probably
why John Pitzer is saying, "Well, why are people showing bigger numbers?" We can show bigger numbers,
but that means we will build up inventory in the wrong places. And we need every one of those wafers
in this environment, not just this quarter, but next quarter and the quarter after that to ensure that our
strategic customers are able to get what they need to launch, to deploy programs. All right?

Vivek Arya
BofA Securities, Research Division

And on the long-term growth rate, Hock?

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

Oh, on the long -- sorry, I missed that. I get the most -- well, we like -- I like to believe, like some of you
do, that with this recent event and with these things happening, especially COVID-19 creating a change
of work habits in this -- in our ecosystem, there is a reset upwards towards a higher consumption of
technology, and by expansion, semiconductor chips in the long term.

I agree, there has been an accelerated adoption of certain technologies under these lockdown conditions
in our lifestyle, economy, over the last 12 -- in the last 18 months. That this accelerated adoption of
technology has created a strong grow -- demand for semiconductor products over these 12 months. I
agree, and we report those results which we believe are true end demand, as I indicated in my brief --
earlier part of my answer to your question. That it's now up to high -- mid- to high double-digit teens,
so to speak, year-on-year. That's good. That's very strong. That's a far cry from my model that says
semiconductor growth long-term mid-single digits.

But this accelerated consumption does not necessarily create a fundamental shift in our people's ability to
consume technology. And when things revert back towards a more normal lifestyle, maybe not this year,
maybe next year or the year after, I would expect this accelerated consumption would reset itself. And
then you ask yourself fundamentally over the next 10 years -- 5, 10 years, is semiconductor consumption
usage going to increase any higher? I find it hard to imagine why it shouldn't if fundamentally we have an
industry that's relatively matured, still evolving, still changing, which make it exciting for us, but pretty
much been around -- fairly much a long time. And it's -- I may be wrong. I still think it will revert over the
next 5, 10 years back to a norm.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BROADCOM INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

And the question -- your view is, will that norm be high single digits, perhaps, rather than mid-single
digits? And you may be right. I don't know the answer to that. But right now, you're right. We are seeing
15% to 20% year-on-year demand usage of our semiconductor chips. And by the way, we are pretty
broad across multiple end markets in applications of semiconductors. So we kind of represent a large part
of the overall semiconductor growth. And now there may be particular -- that could grow faster than that
mid-single digits, and I do accept that. But given how broadly broad-based we are, I tend to think we'll
revert to what will be the norm. And I cannot disagree with you that the norm might be higher than the
mid-single digits I've said before.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.

Blayne Peter Curtis
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I want to ask you on broadband. It's been running kind of in the 20s year-over-year. You said up double
digits for Q4. I think last year is an easy compare, so I just wanted to know how literally to take that. I
know you said maybe over time that would be the one segment that could moderate. Just want to know if
you're signaling anything for October.

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

Okay. No, broadband is hot, to cut to the chase. It's hot. It's hot, driven by 2 things, and I articulated
that in my remark: WiFi, WiFi 6. And WiFi is a big area now that operate -- service providers basically
operate -- the telcos and cable operators are using, as part of connectivity, to households globally. And
that's -- and we have literally won again a huge part of that market successfully. And we're seeing that
trend continuing into next-generation WiFi 6E.

But what's also driving WiFi -- broadband, I should say, Blayne, and I mentioned that, is fiber. Fiber is
multi -- several large telcos, Europe, U.S., are investing very big in putting fiber out there to households.
It's particularly driven, I guess, to some extent, by political considerations. They want to connect
households very well. You hear about British Telecoms are openly saying they want to -- they have a
program over the next 5, 6 years to connect over 20 million British households. Deutsche Telekom is doing
exactly the same thing, and so is AT&T here in the U.S., where they have very large program.

And these are, as I indicated, multiyear programs, where each of this operator will spend multiple billions
of dollars of investment to put that fiber out to the home. And at the end of each node -- fiber node, you
have that wireless connectivity, WiFi, within for the last 100 feet in the home. So what I'm implying here is
saying, this is not a one-shot thing. And the thinking in the past that fiber is a kind of boring, single-digit
slow growth business, big changes from our perspective because we are seeing the program from those
operators coming. And a big part of it is both U.S. and Europe putting in large broadband in the form of
fiber because it's the most effective way, in some ways, economic way, to expand to households and hand-
in-hand with 5G network wireless networks out there.

It's also very interesting for us, market share-wise, because you used to talk about China doing broadband
fiber. Today, it's beyond that. It's Europe, U.S. And the number of players fighting in this market on
technology is much less now given the interesting political events between China and the rest of the world.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay from Cowen.

Matthew D. Ramsay
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Hock, I noticed in your prepared script that you were a bit more specific about some of the leadership
position that Broadcom has in different levels of advanced SerDes, and you maybe called it out a bit more

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BROADCOM INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

than you had in the past. It's an advantage the company has had in your own switching routing products,
but also in being the ASIC -- preferred ASIC shop for a few hyperscale folks.

I wonder if you might -- did you call that out on purpose? Was it -- is there something changing there
competitively given the scale of your R&D? Do you feel like that lead is expanding, shrinking, staying the
same? Any update there would be great.

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

Well, that's very perceptive of you, Matt. And the only reason I called that out is because it's true and it's
been true for many years. And I just want to reemphasize this point that in terms of being probably the
preferred vendor for specialized silicon engines to drive specialized workloads, and I have indicated to you
guys what some of those are, especially in hyper cloud. We are -- we definitely are in the lead by far in
this area, and for the reasons you mentioned.

We have the scale. We have a lot of the IP calls and the capability to do all those chips for those multiple
hyperscalers who can afford and are willing to push the envelope on specialized -- we call -- I used to call
it offload computing engines, be they video transcoding, machine learning, even what people call DPUs,
Smart NICs, otherwise called, and various other specialized engines and security hardware that we put in
place in multiple cloud guys. Just a point of, I guess, reinforcement that we still very much are the leader.

Operator

Thank you this. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Ji Yoo for closing remarks.

Ji Yoo
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator.

In closing, please note that Hock Tan will be presenting at the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference on
Thursday, September 9, and the Citi Technology Conference on Tuesday, September 14. Kirsten Spears
will participate in the Piper Sandler Tech Conference on September 13.

We will also be hosting a Broadcom Software Investor Meeting on Tuesday, November 9, in New York.
Tom Krause, President of Broadcom Software Group, will be leading the event, and senior leadership from
our software business will present. We will be sending invitations to analysts and investors in the coming
weeks.

That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you all for joining. Operator, you may end the call.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BROADCOM INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 02, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

