Campbell Soup Company NYSE:CPB
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, December 09, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.91

1.02

Revenue  (mm)

2320.34

2340.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Dec-09-2020 1:27 PM GMT

12.09

0.85

0.82

2.91

3.05

2285.70

8409.47

8408.91

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.66

0.77

0.60

0.91

0.72

0.84

0.63

1.02

9.09 %

9.09 %

5.00 %

12.09 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

Rebecca Gardy
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Thomas Hinsdale Palmer
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Campbell's First Quarter Fiscal 2021
Earnings Presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference may be recorded.
[Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ms. Rebecca Gardy, Vice President,
Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.

Rebecca Gardy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to Campbell's First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Presentation. I'm Rebecca
Gardy, Vice President of Investor Relations.

Following the completion of this call, a copy of the presentation and a replay of the webcast will be
available at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. A transcript of this earnings conference call will be
available within 24 hours at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com.

Turning to Slide 3. Today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations.
These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk.
Please refer to Slide 3 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary
materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements.

Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have included in the Appendix of this presentation a
reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.

On Slide 4, you will see our agenda. With us on the call today are Mark Clouse, Campbell's President and
CEO; and our Chief Financial Officer, Mick Beekhuizen. Mark will share his thoughts on our overall first
quarter performance and in-market performance by division. Mick will discuss the financial results of
the quarter in more detail and review our guidance for the second quarter. We will close the call with an
analyst Q&A.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mark. Mark?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call for fiscal year 2021.

I'd first like to wish everyone all the best as we head into the rest of the holiday season. I know I am
grateful this year for the entire Campbell organization, especially our colleagues in the manufacturing
plants and our distribution teams, who have been producing and shipping to meet the higher demand the
pandemic has brought while prioritizing the safety of our people and following our heightened in-plant
protocols.

Turning to the results. As you saw in our press release, we reported another strong quarter from both a
sales and profitability perspective, with growth across all our key metrics as we continue to execute in
a volatile environment and against our strategic plan. Our strong top line growth, combined with gross
margin expansion and value capture synergies, despite the impact of ongoing COVID-19-related costs, led
to better-than-expected adjusted EBIT growth, up 18%, and a 31% increase in adjusted EPS to $1.02 per
share.

It also was a strong executional quarter where we were able to strengthen supply levels to allow our
retailers to improve inventory going into the crucial soup and holiday season. In addition, we announced
that our Board approved a 6% increase in our quarterly dividend, reflecting the company's strong earnings

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

performance, cash flows and increasing confidence in our long-term growth prospects as well as our
continued commitment to shareholder returns.

Organic sales in the first quarter increased 8%, led by 12% organic sales growth in Meals and Beverages,
reflecting our continued investment in our brands to attract and retain new households as retailers also
rebuilt inventory levels. Turning to our Snacks division, we drove solid growth with organic sales up
4%, reflecting sales increases across the majority of our 9 power brands. Our portfolio of unique and
differentiated snacks remained in high demand as in-home consumption rapidly expanded.

We did make some selective strategic decisions to shift promotions from the first quarter to the balance
of the year to help ease supply constraints, particularly in the Meals and Beverages division. While these
decisions did generate mixed share results as expected, we exited the first quarter in a much better
position on retailer inventories and are seeing accelerating in-market performance as programming is
ramping up into our key holiday season. We expect that, that pressure of elevated demand on supply will
continue in the near term, but we are building supply chain capacity and capabilities to help us better
navigate this pressure and maximize availability while protecting and growing share.

For the sixth consecutive quarter, our total company in-market dollar performance grew in measured
channels, increasing 7%, with growth across almost the entire portfolio. Continuing the momentum
from the back half of fiscal 2020, October was the ninth consecutive month in which we grew household
penetration versus prior year.

In our first quarter, we attracted millions of new households, with the most notable increase coming from
younger consumers. We also continued to see elevated repeat rates with over 70% of household gained
since the beginning of the pandemic purchasing our products again. As we have said on previous calls, we
consider this to be an enduring change in behavior. And given strengthening consumer trends, like quick
scratch cooking and at-home eating and snacking, we remain confident that we will retain a meaningful
number of these households beyond the pandemic.

Within the Meals and Beverages division, soup net sales increased 21% with growth in all segments. This
reflects retailer inventory recovery, in-market gains and moderated promotional activity. We grew our
household penetration in overall soup by 1.3 points. In addition to gaining new buyers, we are retaining
these new buyers as reflected by higher repeat rates. And among millennials, we grew share for total U.S.
soup by nearly 1 point, including significant growth of 2.7 points on condensed and over 1 point on ready-
to-serve, demonstrating the sustained relevance of our core businesses with younger consumers.

Our condensed soups were the highlight of the quarter with double-digit net sales growth, gains in share
led by cooking SKUs and 4 million new households purchasing this quarter versus prior year. We continue
to bring new ideas and recipes to consumers who are cooking more frequently at home. As these first-
time cooks gain more confidence, we believe they will likely continue to use these skills to prepare more
meals at home well beyond the pandemic. Our recipe solutions continue to resonate with consumers as we
saw a 20% increase in overall recipe-related page views in the first quarter compared to the prior year.

Within ready-to-serve, we saw solid consumption growth, but supply pressure and our decision to
moderate promotions, as previously mentioned, resulted in some short-term share loss. However,
as supply has improved, we are seeing improved trends, supported by our Chunky NFL sponsorship
activation, our Slow Kettle Crunch innovation and our Well Yes! relaunch. We expect all these factors to
have a very positive impact in the second quarter.

Our Pacific Foods growth engine performed well as we continued to build scale with nearly 22% dollar
consumption growth in soup and broth in the quarter. Pacific soup and broth grew share for the fourth
consecutive quarter, including strong gains with millennials. Pacific has also increased points of distribution
and grew household penetration as we launched our first-ever national advertising campaign.

Overall, we continue to feel great about the progress we've made against our Win in Soup strategy as
evidenced by our success expanding into millions of new households, attracting younger consumers and
growing all of our core brands.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

Turning now to the performance of our Snacks power brands, which grew dollar consumption by 6% in the
quarter. The most notable being Late July, which grew consumption sales by 26% and share by nearly 2
points. We continued to run the brand's first national ad campaign throughout the quarter. Late July is a
great example of how our power brands are helping consumers make the most of their snacking moments.
We take a mainstream segment like tortilla chips and offer a product with higher quality, including organic
product credentials, highly relevant innovation and world-class marketing to better engage consumers,
allowing them to trade up into a better snacking experience. We have successfully applied this model to
other brands as well, such as Kettle brand chips and Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps, which also had double-
digit dollar consumption growth in the quarter.

We also made significant progress on Goldfish in the quarter, with both supply and service levels
improving. We have also redirected marketing aimed towards snacking options at home and restored
promotional spending toward the end of the quarter. This is resulting in improved consumption and share
in the most recent periods. We feel very good about our snacks performance and the steady growth it
delivers, supported by a very healthy base business. In addition, we continue to remain on plan to deliver
the value capture synergies that we initially outlined as part of our acquisition of Snyder's-Lance. Our
investment in capacity expansion in both Goldfish and our chips demonstrate our conviction in the long-
term growth potential of our brands.

We are still working through some supply constraints, including a challenge in cookies, where the
combination of demand and labor impacted by COVID-19 has had some negative impact on supply.
Despite these isolated challenges, we feel very confident in our ability to meet the long-term demand,
driven by the expected sustained growth of consumer snacking behavior.

Given the rapid growth of the e-commerce channel across foods, I want to touch on our enterprise
performance in the quarter. Our e-commerce in-market dollar consumption results were once again
impressive, growing 85% over prior year. Consumers' use of e-commerce, and particularly click and collect
for groceries, has increased by a considerable amount these past several months, and we believe this
trend will continue. Accordingly, we are investing to strengthen our capabilities and in our support of key
partnerships to serve the millions of consumers who are shopping online.

Given our overall financial results and the actions we've taken to start the year, we are well positioned
across our entire portfolio heading into Q2 and the key soup and holiday season.

With that, let me turn it over to Mick for a deep dive into our financial results.

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Mark. Good morning, everyone. As Mark just shared, we had a strong start to fiscal 2021 with
another quarter of strong sales growth driven by elevated consumer demand, gross margin expansion
despite the COVID-19 cost headwinds, and robust adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS growth ahead of
expectations.

I'll now review our first quarter results in more detail and provide guidance for the second quarter. For
the first quarter, reported net sales increased 7% to $2.3 billion. Organic net sales increased 8% in the
quarter, which excludes the impact of the sale of the European chips business. Adjusted EBIT increased
18% to $463 million as higher sales volumes, improved adjusted gross margin performance and lower
selling expenses were partially offset by increased marketing and slightly higher adjusted administrative
expenses. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased by 31% or $0.24 to $1.02 per share,
reflecting an increase in adjusted EBIT as well as lower net interest expense.

Breaking down our net sales performance for the quarter. Organic net sales increased 8% from the prior
year. This performance was driven by a 6-point gain in volume across the majority of our retail brands,
offset partially by declines in foodservice. Lower levels of promotional spending in both segments drove a
2-point gain. The divestiture of the European chips business negatively impacted net sales in the quarter
by 1 point. And the impact from currency translation in the quarter was neutral. All in, our reported net
sales were up 7% from the prior year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

Our adjusted gross margin increased by 100 basis points in the quarter to 34.8%. Favorable product
mix, which drove a 30 basis point improvement in our adjusted gross margin, was largely driven by the
increased contribution from our soup products within our Meals and Beverages segment. Separately, we
are estimating a 60 basis point gross margin improvement from better operating leverage within our
supply chain network as we significantly increased our overall production, primarily within Meals and
Beverages. Net pricing drove 120 basis point improvement due to lower levels of promotional spending in
the quarter.

Inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 270 basis points, driven by cost inflation as overall
input prices on a rate basis increased approximately 2%, as well as other operational costs and continued
COVID-19-related costs. This was partially offset by our ongoing supply chain productivity program which
contributed 150 basis point improvement, and includes, among others, initiatives within procurement
and logistics optimization. Our cost-savings program, which is incremental to our ongoing supply chain
productivity program, added 10 basis points to our gross margin expansion.

Moving on to other operating items. Marketing and selling expenses increased 1% in the quarter to
$208 million. This increase was driven primarily by our planned increased investment in advertising
and consumer promotion expenses, which is up 17% versus a year ago. These investments primarily
reflect higher levels of support behind soup to continue to drive usage, inspire meal solutions, build brand
awareness among younger households and support innovation. These investments were partially offset by
the benefits of our cost-savings initiatives, lower marketing overhead and lower selling expenses.

Adjusted administrative expenses increased $11 million or 9% to $137 million, driven by higher benefit
costs and general administrative costs, including incremental consulting charges related to supply chain
optimization as well as inflation, partially offset by the benefits from our cost-savings initiatives.

Moving to the next slide. We have continued to successfully deliver against our multiyear enterprise cost-
savings initiatives. This quarter, we achieved $15 million in incremental year-over-year savings, inclusive
of Snyder's-Lance synergies. To date, that brings our savings for the overall program to $740 million. We
expect an additional $60 million to $70 million in the balance of fiscal 2021, and we remain on track to
deliver our cumulative savings target of $850 million by the end of fiscal 2022.

To help tie this all together, we are providing an adjusted EBIT bridge to highlight the key drivers of
performance this quarter. As discussed, adjusted EBIT grew by 18%. This was largely driven by the
increase in demand for our products, with sales gains contributing $53 million of EBIT growth. The overall
adjusted gross margin expansion of 100 basis points contributed $23 million of EBIT growth which more
than offset higher marketing and selling expenses of $2 million, reflecting our investments in A&C,
partially offset by lower selling expenses. The remaining impact of all other items, consisting of adjusted
administrative expenses, R&D and adjusted other income, in aggregate, was nominal. Our adjusted EBIT
margin increased year-over-year by 180 basis points to 19.8%.

The following chart breaks down our adjusted EPS growth between our operating performance and below
the line items. Adjusted EPS increased $0.24 from $0.78 in the prior year quarter to $1.02 per share.
Adjusted EBIT had a positive $0.18 impact on adjusted EPS. Net interest expense declined year-over-
year with $25 million, delivering a $0.06 positive impact to adjusted EPS, as we have used proceeds from
completed divestitures and our strong cash flow to reduce debt. The impact from the adjusted tax rate
was nominal, completing the bridge to $1.02 per share.

In Meals and Beverages, organic net sales increased 12% to $1.3 billion, reflecting double-digit increases
across most of our U.S. retail products, including gains in U.S. soups, inclusive of Pacific Food soups and
broth, Prego pasta sauces, V8 beverages, Campbell's pasta and Pace Mexican sauces as well as gains in
Canada, partially offset by declines in foodservice. Volume was favorable in U.S. retail and Canada, driven
by increased demand of food purchases for at-home consumption, offset partially by the negative impact
on foodservice as a result of shifts in consumer behavior and continued COVID-19-related restrictions. Net
sales of U.S. soup, including Pacific, increased 21% compared to the prior year due to retailers' rebuilding
inventory for the upcoming soup season, in-market gains in condensed soups and broth and moderating
promotional spending.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

Operating earnings for Meals and Beverages increased 18% to $333 million. The increase was primarily
driven by sales volume growth and improved gross margin, offset partially by increased marketing
investment. The gross margin performance was impacted by the lower levels of promotional spending
and favorable mix as productivity improvements and improved operating leverage were offset by other
operational costs, cost inflation and COVID-19-related costs.

Within Snacks, organic sales increased 4%, driven primarily by lower levels of promotional spending
as well as healthy velocity on the majority of the base business. We saw volume gains in fresh bakery
products, Late July snacks, Pop Secret popcorn, Pepperidge Farm cookies, Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps
as well as Kettle brand potato chips, which partially offset declines in Lance sandwich crackers. Sales of
Goldfish crackers were relatively flat in the quarter as increased demand for family-sized products were
offset by reduced away-from-home consumption.

Operating earnings for Snacks increased 11%, driven by lower selling expenses, lower marketing overhead
and sales volume gains partially offset by higher administrative expenses. Gross margin performance was
consistent with prior year as lower levels of promotional spending were offset by higher net supply chain
costs as productivity improvements, cost-savings initiatives and improved operating leverage were more
than offset by cost inflation and COVID-19-related costs.

I'll now turn to our cash flow and liquidity. Cash flow from operations was $180 million, comparable to
the prior year, as changes in working capital were basically offset by higher cash earnings and lower
other cash payments. Cash from investing activities decreased by $341 million, driven by lapping the net
proceeds from our divested businesses in the prior year. The cash outlay for capital expenditures was
$74 million, $24 million lower than the prior year, driven by discontinued operations and in line with our
previously communicated full year expectation. Cash outflows for financing activities were $245 million
compared to $453 million 1 year ago. The reduced cash outflow reflects lower debt repayments. Dividends
paid in the amount of $108 million were comparable to the prior year, reflecting our current quarterly
dividend of $0.35 per share. We ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $722 million.

I'll now turn to guidance. As I've reviewed, the company's strong first quarter fiscal 2021 results were
impacted by increased demand stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic. The impact of the continuing
pandemic on the company's fiscal 2021 results is uncertain and makes it difficult to provide a full year
outlook at this time. Based on our expectation of a continued elevated demand landscape and increased
investment in our brands, we are providing the following guidance for the second quarter of fiscal '21.

We expect year-over-year growth in net sales of 5% to 7% as growth more closely aligns with
consumption, reflecting better inventory, strong programming and improving share positions. We expect
adjusted EBIT growth to be in line with year-over-year sales growth for the quarter as we invest to win
the season and keep fueling the retention of new households behind key consumer trends. We expect the
combination of healthy EBIT growth and the benefit of significantly reduced interest expense year-over-
year to result in adjusted EPS growth of 12% to 15% or $0.81 to $0.83 per share. While it remains very
difficult to provide any more direction for the balance of the year, as time has progressed, our outlook
does continue to strengthen.

In closing, our first quarter results were a strong start to the year. I am proud of the continued strong
execution by our teams throughout the organization.
And with that, operator, let's open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe to start with Mark. In the vein of exiting the pandemic in a stronger position than the company
entered it, and you've talked about a number of compelling metrics, such as household penetration and
repeat and buy rate and as well as habit changes, right, by consumers. I'm curious really more of what
you're hearing from your key retail partners around how they view relevance of key categories. And not
so much in today's crisis per se, but what they're telling you about once things normalize and how that
compares to maybe 1 year or so ago. And then I've just got a quick follow-up.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Andrew. Yes. I think the -- if you look at how we're viewing the indicators as we kind of come
through the pandemic and why we're continuing to see a growing level of confidence kind of with each
month and with each quarter, I think that's very consistent with what retailers are experiencing as well.
If you look at kind of the macro trends that we point to, they recognize like we do, this kind of infusion
of millions of new households that are now cooking at home, that are building confidence in that area,
becoming more efficient and looking for meal solutions, has become very, very prevalent. And so that's
one example of a macro that we're trying now to work together to bring to life, whether it's in the retail
environment or the online environment, which we did a lot of work on around Thanksgiving. And I'm sure
we can talk about that a little later.

But also, the dynamics -- the other macro dynamics that we look at that are continuing, like I said, to
build confidence, is, almost regardless of the timing or the sequence of events relative to vaccines or how
the pandemic unfolds over the months ahead, we do expect, and I think retailers would agree, that a
sustained view of in-home eating, whether that is because people just more slowly returning to normal
life; or the fact that more people are going to be working from home; or this dynamic of more in-home
socialization, which has been driving certain segments of snacking at a very aggressive rate. All of these
dynamics, as we continue to go forward, we expect to be maintained.

And I think the other element that's very relevant in the planning with customers right now is that
we recognize the economic strain across the country and the impact that, that has on people making
decisions relative to value, which has resulted in a much higher sourcing -- obviously through the
pandemic, but even projected ahead, of people sourcing meals from grocery stores, where we see a
terrific opportunity to build upon the behaviors that have been created in the near-term as we think about
building momentum out of it.

So I would say, Andrew, for us, and I think for most retailers, we do not see this as a kind of episodic
moment. And I think as time has gone on, you see more and more in the numbers. I talked about the
repeat, but one of the things that's most significant in our numbers is the dramatic nature of the return
to our brands from younger households and millennials specifically. They have the highest increase in buy
rates and the highest increase in repeat rates of any of the consumer demographics that we see. And I
think that, again, bodes very well for our ability to retain a meaningful number of these households going
forward.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. And then just a quick one. Within the 5% to 7% sales growth forecast for fiscal 2Q, could you
put a little bit of perspective or color around that? And kind of how soup might fit into that? Or what the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

expectation around soup is within that 5% to 7%? It sounded like you're now in a place where retailers
have rebuilt inventories for the coming sort of few winter months and such. But just want to get some
perspective there.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Sure, Andrew. I think that as you look at Q2 and as you look at inventory in particular, I am very
happy with where we have been able to get to as we go into Q2. The honest answer is we've made some
thoughtful and, I think, appropriate decisions in Q1 that may have had a little bit of a short-term headwind
on share in some cases as we moderated some promotions. But the goal in mind was that in the most
critical part of our soup season, which is really in the second quarter period as well as going into the
holiday period, that we were in a much better position. And I think we achieved that.

Now again, I would say that we're continuing to watch demand. And as we project these numbers, it
is difficult to anticipate what demand is going to look like as it goes forward, but I think we continue to
expect demand to be elevated. And I think in Q2, we would expect, at least on the Meals and Beverage
side, to have our sales -- our net sales a little bit more in line with consumption as we did a lot of that
heavy lift on inventory in the first quarter.

Now I think on Snacks, the story is a little bit different. As we've said before, we thought it would take
us really through the entire second quarter into the first half to get inventory fully back on some of those
businesses.

It's an interesting dynamic in snacking, because if you look at the total 4% or 5% in-market growth rate,
which looks a little lower than relative food dynamics in the industry. But when you start to pull it apart,
what you see is those segments that have been more impacted by COVID, like salty snacks, where for the
quarter, our business was up 11% in-market; or our more indulgent products like cookies, where we were
up 8% in Q1; offset of course a little bit by those away-from-home stacks that have been a little bit more
softer than the impact of those that are more relevant in the moment, we've got some pressure on supply
there that we're rebuilding. The good news is we've added capacity in many of our facilities, we've done a
good job navigating, but I would expect there to be some inventory rebuilding, continuing on snacking as
we go into the second quarter.

So I think let's call the 5% to 7% a prudent view of a variety of different variables. But of course, the good
news is I think we're in a much stronger supply position, so we can adjust to a higher end of demand if we
see it. We're ready for that. And I think, again, feel very good about some of the trade-offs we made in Q1
to get us to this position in Q2.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.

Thomas Hinsdale Palmer
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

It's Tom Palmer on for Ken. First, just wanted to ask on guidance. You suggest a relatively flat margin
year-over-year, just given you've got EBIT growing comparably to sales. Would have expected maybe a bit
more of a flow-through given mid-single-digit sales growth. So maybe give some color on what might limit
margin expansion next quarter. For instance, are we looking at a big step-up in marketing and promos? Is
cost inflation becoming more of a headwind?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So thanks, Tom. I'll start it and then let Mick give you a little bit more of the ticks and ties for the
numbers. But I would say that although -- we made, as I said in Q1, some choices from a promotional
standpoint to enable us to kind of be ready for the key part of the year as we think of when promotion
activity is very important. So as we go into Q2, I would expect us to be in a position where we're with
a fully loaded promotional calendar that is really designed to be competitive, that's back to kind of fully
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

supporting the brands that we need to. So although in Q1, I think you see some uptick relative to -- in
gross margin relative to the reduction in promotion, I think that will go away a bit in Q2.

I think underlying, all of our fundamentals on the business, though, remains very strong. So on top of
our cost savings initiatives, we feel very good about our productivity, our ability to navigate and balance
COVID costs. We're continuing to feel very much in control of that situation. And so really, the headwind, if
you will, on margin is much more related to the investments we're going to make.

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Maybe have a little bit add to that is on the one end, as Mark also mentioned, with regard to the
promotional spending. And then the second piece is also kind of further down in the P&L more with regard
to the marketing. And we will continue to support, obviously, our brands. You saw that -- in Q1, you saw
that we had a 1% increase in marketing and selling expenses. That was really kind of underlying within
that was 17% increases on advertising and consumer promo. But then within that, there were offsets from
a cost-savings perspective. If I look more at Q2, I probably expect a little bit more of an increase on the
marketing and selling side.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And Tom, just as a point of reference to that, that's really already started. And I think the good
news is that what should come along with that is the improvement on the share position, which was a bit
more mixed in Q1. But as we exited the quarter, and even into the more latest IRI data, as you look at
November, you see some pretty significant pivots. Like for example, one of the places that we made a lot
of tough calls was on our ready-to-serve, and in particular, our Chunky business where we did see some
softness on share. Through the latest 4 weeks, we're up over a share point of growth on our ready-to-
serve, even stronger on our Chunky business, where we've kind of got all of the cylinders firing now from
a promotion, marketing, all of the above.

You see similar sustained momentum on Pacific, on condensed. And even on the Snacks businesses, as we
mentioned in our comments, we're seeing improving trends as it relates to Goldfish, which obviously has
been a little bit of a trickier one as the consumer dynamics have impacted that one a little differently than
they have some of our other businesses that we've had to adjust for. But I think the good news is there's
great evidence that, that's already driving the kind of impact that we want in market, and I think that was
the game plan. So so far, so good.

Thomas Hinsdale Palmer
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. And just a quick follow-up, actually, to Andrew's question. So you're guiding to slightly lower
organic sales growth in the second quarter, you characterized it as prudent. Maybe I can just ask this
explicitly. To what extent does your guidance assume that underlying take away decelerates relative to last
quarter versus less help from timing items, like inventory build or Thanksgiving compares?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think we expect Q2 to continue to be an elevated level of consumption. I think what you see us
probably planning or kind of adjusting a little bit is a more consistent run rate on consumption going
forward with a little less contribution potentially from inventory. But I will tell you, again, if you look at the
more recent trends, we're feeling very good about performance through Thanksgiving, and we'll continue
to watch that unfold as we go.

And like I said, the good news is, in this quarter -- or in second quarter, I think we're going to be in a very
good position to kind of adjust to higher demand levels if necessary. And again, as you can appreciate in
this moment, it's a lot of unchartered water, so we're trying to get the balance right. But I think the idea

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

that you should definitely take away from us that, as we've continued to progress through the year, we're
growing in our level of confidence and belief in ability to continue momentum going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Congrats on another strong quarter. Just a couple of questions, clarification, kind of what's already been
said.

First, I want to make sure I heard you right on some of the comments to Andrew's last question.
Promotions, net price benefit of promotions added 125 bps to GMs this quarter. You said that benefit goes
away next quarter. GMs were up 100 bps. So my interpretation is you're effectively suggesting that gross
margins will be flat to down modestly going forward. Did I hear that right?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'd say closer to more flat is kind of where we're expecting. Obviously, we don't guide directly to gross
margin. There's a couple of variables in there that are tough to pin. I do expect, though, that what I would
say broadly is where we did make some of those decisions to moderate promotions in Q1, we will not be
making those decisions in Q2 as we're now more kind of in a stronger position for inventory. So I would
expect to see a more historically robust level of promotions in Q2.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And building on that promotion comment, do you think we're at a point where you can operate
consistently with a lower level of promotion than maybe you did pre-COVID? Or should we expect that
promo line to flip to a deflationary headwind later this year or next year?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

I don't think that we -- I think we'll continue to evaluate. And I think I talked about this at the year-end
period, where as we were exiting 2020 and certainly as we've navigated the first quarter of Q1, what
we've tried to do is be as thoughtful and surgical as possible in balancing both the marketing expenses
and the promotional lines. And where we felt like there were opportunities to perhaps drive a little bit
more on the marketing side, a little less on the promotional side, certainly, in Q1, where we made a little
bit more of a decision on a couple of businesses, all right, we need to get back to strength going into a
more important part of the year. And of course, doing all of this very much in conjunction with our retail
partners.

I think what you'll see is a total investment line for the company that remains very consistent. And I
think that's -- we're spending at a level that I believe we feel good. About -- whether or not you'll see
some balancing between lines as we continue to work through, okay, where is the best ROIs? What's the
dynamic in the marketplace competitively? All of those elements, I think, will influence it. But I would not
expect you to see radical changes in investment for us going forward, other than the continued sustaining
spend that we've kind of put into our base now.

Does that make sense, Jason?

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes. I mean, to my ears, I heard that there's a likelihood that promotions come back, price goes negative
and you cut A&P to offset that. I mean, I don't want to put words in your mouth, but that's kind of what
I'm hearing.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, I don't think we'll -- yes, I think there may be some balancing on certain businesses, but I
also think that our total A&C level, as we look at it, is in -- from a full year perspective, is in a pretty good
level. So I do think there may be some calibration there, but I wouldn't expect it to be significant.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Maybe just to follow up on Jason's question on that last point around A&C and maybe just tie this also
into e-commerce. Just Mark, you've done a good job capturing millennials and incremental household
penetration with millennials. How is the advertising mix? How have you adjusted the advertising? And
what you're -- how are you spending on advertising to affect that? I guess, what underneath the question
is just, is it less traditional TV, more digital, more social media? And if that's the case, does that sort of
imply that you don't necessarily need to spend in A&C at absolute levels that you did in the past?

And then maybe tied to that also, in terms of e-commerce, if this has become kind of a platform -- or
I'm sorry, a level that's higher than it would have been previously, how does that factor in, how you're
thinking about how you spend promotional dollars going forward? Meaning, is it less end caps and more in
support of the click and collect?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. That's great question. The short answer is, it's been a pretty meaningful shift as we think about
where -- and not just purely because of e-commerce, but also because of just simply how millennials shop
and how they view the world of engagement with brands. So even if they're still shopping traditional retail,
the ability for us to be more effective with our spend in digital is significant.

So if you take Q1 as an example, from 1 year ago, we doubled our investment in digital spending, and it
now represents over 50% of the total spend in A&C. So that's a pretty dramatic shift for us from where
we would have been historically. And the great news is, given a lot of the work that we've done in the
last 2 quarters, we feel like our understanding of the ROIs and the impact that it's having is giving us
great confidence that we can drive tremendous efficiency within this line item. And as you point out,
one of the things that's always been great about digital is if you can unlock the right content, the right
placement, you can tend to drive some impact or more impact on an investment level that may be a little
more modest than what traditional TV campaigns cost.

And if you translate that to really how it's working, we've made pretty significant investment, too, in a lot
of partnerships where our dollars go further. So you might have seen, over the holiday, we had a great
program with Instacart, which has been one of the faster growing third-party shoppers, where we had
a -- their homepage was basically a Campbell's page on -- if you spend $25 on all of our kind of holiday
products, you got free delivery for the trip. And those kinds of activities where we're getting front and
center or top of mind for consumers is really important in making it effective. And so as you point out,
what I just described, feels a little bit more like something you might have seen in a store or a retail that's
now becoming a digital marketing platform.

So the blending of dollars between shopper and traditional advertising, and even trade and promotion,
when you get into the digital world, it gives you a lot of options to be able to drive impact. And like I said,
if you look across our businesses, up 85% in the quarter, we grew share in both of our businesses pretty
significantly. And in particular, we grew dramatic share in the areas we were really targeting, which was
in the click and collect space as well as the retail-delivered and third-party areas, all of those were very
significant growth engine for us and where we spent a lot of time investing behind it.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

So we're feeling good. Now the -- now what we're doing is making sure our assortments online are right.
We're getting the right team in place, the right capabilities. But as we think going forward, we really do
see e-commerce and the digital spend together being a major influence of performance going forward.
And I would say as we watch kind of the marketplace, we feel very good about the position that we're in.
And I think really benefited from some of that spending in Q4, we were talking about last time, is a great
source of learning for us.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

And if I could just slip one in for Mick. Just CapEx. I'm not -- I didn't -- I don't know if I missed it, but did
you give an outlook on capital spending for the year?

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

I didn't, but we did that last time around. And I am still. Based on Q1 spending, that was pretty much in
line with our original expectations.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I just had 2 questions for you. The first one -- and it's a bit a follow-on from earlier questions. As I think
about this rebuilding of inventory that's occurred at retail, that's obviously availability of product. Have
you also been able to increase your SKUs, those got paired back during the height of the pandemic? Are
you back to what you'd call a normal sort of shelf set? Or maybe where you want the shelf set to be sort
of going forward.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

I'd say we're probably 75% of the way back, right? We have made up a lot of ground in the first quarter,
which is what we expected. And again, I think a lot of different metrics to measure how we feel about Q1.
But perhaps one of the ones that's most significant to me was our ability to execute in a very complex
environment at a very high level, where we were rebuilding inventory, bringing back SKUs that we had
pruned or put on hold during the heart of the pandemic. And so although you still see a TDP decline head-
over-head, you see that improving with kind of each month. And that is representative of us coming back
with the SKUs as well as some innovation that's kind of intermingled there.

But I'd say we're still -- there's probably about 1/4 of items that we're working on. But some of the really
important ones, for example, on Prego, one of our most unique and differentiated products that were back
fully in business is our alfredo or our white sauce within Prego. It makes a huge difference for us on share,
and you see that in the numbers as we've been able to come back. But there's a variety of examples like
that, where we've been able to improve supply and/or create enough room that we can bring some of the
meaningful complexity back.

As I've said before, I do think there is a percentage of those TDPs that we probably, in the end, will -- if
we're going to replace it, we'd rather do it with innovation. So I'd say a big step forward in Q1, but still
with a little bit of room to go.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. That was helpful. And then just a second question. In the gross margin bridge, you outlined this
net pricing benefit, 120 basis points. Does that quantify -- does that incorporate the benefit of lower
promotional spending? For example, is that one of the factors within that? So -- because that was about

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

a 2% benefit overall. I'm just trying to get a sense of like, is this -- is there an underlying net pricing
increase in your business, and then promotion is separate to that? If that makes sense.

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. No, it's a really good question. I mean, the -- basically, just think about that 120 basis points net
pricing increase as lower promotional spending. There's no underlying price movement there.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, sometimes you see movement between promotion to EDLP in some places. So you see -- if
you look at any given moment on pricing in the quarter, you'd see some numbers that might define what
we're describing. But if you net out the total impact to the business on the places where we had backed off
on some promotional spend, you see that in the pricing numbers. And that also, of course, translated into
the margin as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I guess, 2 questions. Maybe the first, just to circle back on [ segments ] on the second quarter guidance.
In the first quarter, Meals and Beverages showed that it's capable of doing $1.3 billion-plus in revenue
when everything comes together. As we look forward, given the accelerating demand this winter and
supply capabilities you've built over the past 9 months or so, I guess, is there any reason to think that,
that absolute dollars -- dollar level of sales in the segment won't be higher in 2Q versus the first quarter?

And assuming there's not, I guess, the second kind of the parallel question I'm relating here is that implies
only very modest growth in Snacks in the second quarter, if any at all, if my math is correct. So would
just love your thoughts there because it sounded like you thought Snacks actually grew [ along in-market
consumption ], but it seems out of sync with at least how I'm thinking about the second quarter numbers.
So any help there would be great.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So you sound a little choppy live, but I think I got it. If you kind of hold the pieces of the business
apart, and you look at kind of what the underlying assumptions are in Q2, if you look at our overall
enterprise in-market consumption for the quarter, we've been in that 7% to 8% range.

I think as we look forward, and again, always the benefit of seeing time pass from month-to-month,
depending on where the elevated level of demand stays and whether it's consistent with that, obviously,
we'd be at the higher end of our guidance range. I think what we're suggesting is that you may see a little
bit less of an incremental contribution from inventory rebuilding in Q2.

But conversely, I think on the Snacks business, you will likely see some very, I think, improving and
strengthening numbers, as well as the fact that you'll have some inventory recovery that's going on in the
Snacks business in Q2, a little more so than the Meals and Beverage side.

So take those 2 together and try to average them out. There's -- depending on where you peg that overall
demand level, you'd be more toward the higher end. Anything else, kind of within that range. So we're
providing kind of a perspective. And like I said, I think we're certainly trying to be pragmatic. But at the
same time, I do think there is that notable difference of pivot between the 2 divisions.

And again, just to reiterate what I said earlier on snacking, I think sometimes in the COVID world, where
you see kind of this consistent high single-digit to double-digit numbers, snacking is a little different.
And as I said, within the segments, you have some segments like salty stacks which are saving that way,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

where we see double-digit growth kind of quarter in, quarter out. Our more indulgent products, although
we are facing a little bit of headwind on supply as it relates to cookies, have performed in the high single-
digit ranges.

And then Goldfish, remember, our partner brands remain a point of a headwind as we continue to
moderate those down. I think those are the things that are moderating the overall total number in Snacks
a little bit lower than what it might feel like as we kind of described the performance. But I think the
balancing act between that kind of revolves around this underlying in-market growth rate of in the higher
single-digit range. And I think we'll watch that very closely as we go through the quarter. And I would
imagine that would be a pretty good proxy for investors to kind of anticipate where we are in the business
as well.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Can you -- hopefully, you can hear me okay. I guess the second question I had was, as we look forward
1 year from now, we're all hopefully going to be operating in an environment with a relatively full vaccine
distribution, significantly improved social mobility. And I'm curious whether you can expand what you're
doing now to ensure that when that day comes, you've been able to retain as much of the expected
demand you've gained in 2020 as possible.

I mean, are there specific initiatives you can point to? And I guess, are you able to -- are you finding
yourself actually able to do everything you'd ideally want to, just given the ongoing supply constraints,
demand volatility, just the other potential distractions that you're facing right now?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No. I know that is a major question for a lot of investors. And I would just tell you guys, I -- as we've
continued to move forward, I absolutely am building a higher degree of confidence in our ability to retain
households. And I'll point to kind of 3 big areas.

The first is these macro trends that, whether it is cooking or quick scratch cooking as we call it, in-home
eating, just imagine the number of businesses and how slow the return may be to an office environment,
regardless of the timing of when a vaccine may be here and the number of millions of incremental lunches
and in-home snacking occasions that we're going to be able to be very well positioned to meet. I think
there will be pressure economically, however you want to describe it, that's going to create a value
proposition where shopping for your meals from the grocery store continues to be a very attractive and
affordable way to eat.

I also think we can't underestimate the migration that has happened back to traditional brands in the
grocery so I know there's a lot of speculation on whether private label availability is the bigger hindrance.
But I can tell you that as we look at every metric of sentiment with our core brands, where consumers
have come back or new consumers have come in, sentiment is quite positive. This does not in any way
strike me as a moment where they're buying us because something else is not available.

And so I think it's then switching to the second big reason to believe is all of the actions that we're taking
right now. Our increase in marketing, our shift to digital, our understanding of what's working. If you look
at this soup season, it is the most robust marketing period that we've ever had. If you looked at the great
work we did around save a snow day or dinner insurance around Thanksgiving; our advertising, our new
campaign around snow buddies, our new campaigns that we have on Late July, on Pacific; the fact that
we're doing great work in partnership with our customers as well as our -- as well as some of the online
third-party players. All of this, I think, lines up to a world where we can expect to have a much stronger
footing with millennials coming in.

We're growing share across all of our businesses with this important target. And I think that even as
we think about innovation, a lot of what we're launching, whether it's Pacific condensed, which really
targets those millennials in the cooking behavior; or some of our in-home meal occasion moments like the
crunch add-ins on Slow Kettle cups; or even the work we're doing on Chunky, where we're heightening

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

our protein content into messaging and then delivering it through Madden partnerships and our NFL
relationship, I think all relates very well to our ability to connect with these.

And then the last point I would just make is that, as a reminder, before we came into the pandemic, right,
before pandemic ever influenced our results, we had cleaned up the balance sheet, our debt level's down,
our ability to use cash flow to help grow and support the business, along with the fact that now 50% of
our business is in a growing Snack business that we're growing before, that's been growing through, and
I expect to grow after; and a Meals and Beverage business that a lot of questions on relevancy were there
initially, that I feel like now you've got a much stronger case.

So I put those 3 things together, and I feel very good about the idea that we're going to come out of this
in a much stronger position than we went in. And I think it's giving us great confidence in our ability to
sustain, going forward, a meaningful impact and positive outlook.

So a little bit of a longer answer, but clearly, a conversation, topic of the day for sure.

Operator

Thank you. Our next question comes from David Palmer from Evercore ISI.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Great conversation so far on that advertising/consumer promotion piece. I just wanted to follow-up on
that. Just big picture for Campbell, your A&C spending will be probably highest levels in 8 or 9 years. If we
take the increases here in the first part of this fiscal year, it's a bit of a reversal for not just Campbell, but
for the food space overall. And Mark, you've seen this in several seats now, where food companies were
taking down advertising spending for most of that decade, 2014 to 2019. And I guess to some degree,
that reflected the lack of confidence that advertising and consumer promotions were working. And you
mentioned the shift to digital. Is it as simple as that channel perhaps versus TV? Could you speak to that?
And why the ROI would be better today and why you have confidence in that? And then I have a quick
follow-up.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No. I mean, look, this is a -- that's a great question and a fairly healthy conversation on its own. But
I will tell you that, no, the answer is not just move the money to digital, and therefore, it's going to work
better or you're going to be successful. What is so important in this is really understanding the intersection
of content, placements and then how you're linking it with the shopping behavior. Those 3 things, to me,
are the big insights on how you make the digital spend more efficient and improve the ROI.

And a lot of times, I think people felt that it was as simple as, well, maybe I should just put my TV ad
on Facebook. Or I should just -- if I'm there where consumers are, it's going to work. And the answer is,
that does not work. It requires all 3 of those things to come together to really have the impact that we're
seeing now.

And even for us, I think, as I've said many times, where we may have been asked a couple of questions
on why do you continue to spend A&C into some supply issues? Part of the reason was that we really felt
we needed to continue to be out there and making sure that we fine-tune what's working so that when we
find ourselves in the position we're in today, where supply is back in place, we are loaded and ready to go
as it relates to really understanding it.

And I think condensed soup is probably the single biggest example of that in the portfolio right now, where
you see dramatic sustained growth. You see it in millennial targets. Our ROIs in our investments and the
creativity of the activity that we have out there is just terrific.

So I'm -- again, you learn all the time. And the one thing I'll say about digital, too. The minute you think
you've got it all figured out, you got to stay nimble and moving an agile with where consumers are going.
But I think we're in a very good position, and I feel good about the impact we're having.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And just a follow-up, I think in your question and answer with Jason touched on this. There's going to
be -- there would probably some room that you need to have on promotion spending coming out of this
period on the back end on the bricks-and-mortar side of things, at least. You had some plans in terms
of merchandising and organizing the shelf that probably were delayed. So not only would you get back
to maybe a run rate that would be more pre-COVID level in terms of bricks-and-mortar merchandising,
but you had some bigger plans, too. Could you give us a sense of that? And how much room you have to
create for promotions for that?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No. I think the answer is we will continue and are working very closely with our retail partners to
really figure out shelf sets for the future. And that's with the mindset that these categories are going to be
quite important and highly relevant.

And so yes, you're right. There were a lot of things that we were in the midst of working on that we want
to make sure that we incorporate the consumer learnings from this period. But yes, I would expect that as
you see us come forward in the next year or so, we're going to be working quite hard on ensuring that we
are setting the shelf for the future and that we're creating enough room within both our portfolio and our
promotional calendar to really address that in the most consumer-focused way.

Operator

And our next question comes...

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes, we'll do what -- yes, I know we're a little over, but we'll take one more.

Operator

Our last question comes from Rob Dickerson from Jefferies.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Mark, I just had kind of a larger, longer-term strategic question just around the Snacks business. I know
last quarter, where you had alluded to improved learnings, right, in terms of efficiency in the supply chain
over the past, call it, 7 or 8 months. Obviously, you still have some cost savings coming through to the
end of next fiscal year. And then at the same time, I think last quarter, you had mentioned maybe some
potential visibility on further efficiencies within Snacks, call it distribution hubs, what have you.

So you kind of -- just generally speaking, kind of given the margin profile of the snacks business, but the
attraction, so to speak, of that business as well for consumers, maybe even as they shift to more on-the-
go and volumes could improve. Like how do you view the incremental potential efficiency gains on that
business to hopefully be able to margin-up that business over time? Kind of vis-à-vis a lot of other snacks
business that may be able to, or already are, generating a higher profitability profile? That's it.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes, no, thanks for the question, Rob. Yes. I mean, I think in its most simplest form, if you think about the
strategic runway for the company, I think there are a couple of big things that we believe will be fuel and
enable us to continue to deliver against our expectations. And one of those we've talked a lot about today,
which is our ability to retain households, really solidify the Meals and Beverage portion of our business,
is a steady contributor within the portfolio, which we believe very strongly that we can accomplish. I

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

think the other area of opportunity is for us to continue to sustain and hopefully accelerate growth on our
Snacks business while we continue to improve the margin.

If you look at the margin of our Snack business, even after all of the -- I've said this from the very
beginning when I got here and was asked, "How do you feel about the synergies?" My answer was, "I feel
pretty good." Because even at the end of the synergies, you've got a margin structure that looks lower
than what I would expect for Snacks businesses.

And we know there's reasons why, and there's some structural elements there that are not insignificant.
But the idea that we can continue to accelerate growth on that business, while we also improve the
margin, is very much our focus going forward. And I think there will be a variety of things that we'll
continue to look at and do. But we do feel good that there is drill sites and opportunities. And I think as
time unfolds, we'll talk more about that. But I think for right now, I would agree with you, we kind of see
the same thing. And as I think about big next-chapter elements for the company, I think those are the
areas where we're going to want to continue to focus.

Operator

Thank you. And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today's conference.
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you
may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 09, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

