Campbell Soup Company NYSE:CPB
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, June 03, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.77

0.84

9.09

0.61

2.90

2.81

Revenue  (mm)

2261.56

2238.00

(1.04 %)

2000.63

8622.64

8157.41

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jun-03-2020 1:22 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.41

0.71

0.66

0.77

0.42

0.86

0.72

0.84

2.44 %

21.13 %

9.09 %

9.09 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

5

2

 
CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

Rebecca Gardy
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Nik Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Campbell's Soup Q3 2020 Earnings
Q&A Session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
[Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ms. Rebecca Gardy, Vice President,
Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.

Rebecca Gardy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. I hope everyone has had the chance this morning to read our press release and
listen to our prerecorded management presentation, both of which are available on the Investor Relations
section of campbellsoupcompany.com. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the pre-recorded
presentation. After the conclusion of today's live Q&A session, we will post a transcript and an audio replay
of this call.

Please note that during today's Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements, which reflect
our current expectations about our business plans, our 2020 guidance and the potential impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic on our business. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could
be inaccurate and are subject to risk.

We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Please refer to today's earnings release available on
the Investors section of our website, campbellsoupcompany.com, for a list of factors that could cause
our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements and for
reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures.

Joining me today are Mark Clouse, Campbell's President and CEO; and Mick Beekhuizen, Chief Financial
Officer. [Operator Instructions]
And now with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for the first question. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Love to start off by picking up on some of your comments from today's slides and transcript around
household penetration and repeat rates. I think you described soup repeat rates as exciting, especially for
new households. And some of the work we've done suggests repeat rates for some of these new trialers is
running ahead over the rates maybe shown by this group at this time a year ago. So understanding we're
not yet by any means in a normalized environment with many still sticking close to home, would really like
to hear your thoughts sort of on this, what you find exciting about it specifically. And maybe while early,
what this all implies to you about the potential stickiness of some new consumer purchases, particularly in
light of all the investment Campbell is making, obviously, to perpetuate this trend.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, it's a great question. And I think let me just start by maybe providing a little bit of context on
how we have seen the cycles of demand through this period in the third quarter, I would describe as
containing really 2 very distinct phases of this. I think the first phase, more of a -- I would describe more
as a psychological phase where not unlike you might see in a weather-related pantry load, although in this
case, it would be the equivalent of a blizzard in every city in the country. It becomes about bringing things
into the home that you know are shelf-stable, that are capable of sustaining time and being available
when you need it. And like I said, that becomes a little bit more of a response and that was the early
phase, certainly, that we saw. And in those periods, it was dramatic demand. I mean, there were times
where we would see segments like ready-to-eat soup with demand increases of 140%, which obviously
significantly changes what the capacity in the manufacturing plant. The team did an amazing job, I
believe, through that phase in ensuring that we could prioritize getting product into the marketplace, into
retailers and ultimately into communities. And we made a fairly conscious decision not to constrain that in
any way and ensure that we could push as much out as we could. Certainly, that depleted inventories, and
we'll talk about that in a moment, I'm sure. But I think that was really the distinct first phase.

The second phase, though, that we've seen and perhaps the one that, for me, one I described it as
exciting, is it is giving us an opportunity to really bring consumers into our brands through behavioral
demand. And what I mean by that is changes in things that they are actually doing within their life,
whether that is the result of being sheltered in place, whether that is the need to build quick-scratch
cooking, as an example, as a new skill set. And the role that our products play within those behaviors has
really generated, I believe, the sustainment of demand, and more importantly, the repeat. And I think as
we watch both the combination of the sustainment of that demand, along with what we're seeing from
consumer response and satisfaction with products that they may not have tried in the past, we're feeling
very good about that response. And I think the positive momentum that has been built on the businesses,
to say the least, we are fortunate that I think we had done all the work we did before this started and
really establishing improved quality, a lot of good marketing and resources around informing and helping
with usage or recipes and also returning a lot of support to our business, including ramping up Pacific, all
of this helped us then as this behavioral phase move forward.

I think as you then look forward from that, and I'd say there's probably a third phase coming here, which
is a bit more of the, let's call it, at least the immediate new normal, I think we're encouraged for a couple
of different reasons. One is I think some of the behaviors and consumer trends that we've seen I really
do feel are going to have stickiness and continue as we go forward. So I think as consumers are building
skill sets in things like quick-scratch cooking and another area within quick scratch I would call it simple
lunches where our products play an incredibly important role, and so however you see the economy

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2020

opening back up, I think there will be a slower migration to away from home. I think they will maintain
a level of remote working where lunch is maybe virtual schooling in some cases where our products will
continue to be highly relevant and that, that behavior, I think, will continue.

I also think that as we come through this in whatever continuum of economic environment you might
expect, I do think there is going to be strain. And I think value will play an important role for consumers
going forward. And our products, historically speaking, have been highly relevant in those moments of
recession or economic pressure.

Now I think there are other trends that we've got to move on to really ensure that we're making the most
of this opportunity, and that's the shift to things like online behavior for shopping, for media consumption,
for buying. And of course, whether it's click-and-collect or home delivery, we are on that case working
really hard because we do believe that will be a trend that will continue going forward.

And then I also briefly talked about the shelf in traditional retail. So the other work that we need to be
doing right now is to really understand that optimal assortment and making sure that inventory remains
kind of balanced with where demand is going to come from, that we're selective and thoughtful about
what that assortment looks like while making room for innovation that we still believe is going to be
important.

So as I look to the future, although I can't tell you how the demand will hold up, I do think those trends
will be consistent and those will be positive for us. And even if they do slow a bit, I do think we are going
to be in a position through the balance of the fourth quarter and even into the beginning of the year or
just simply the replenishment of our inventory levels and shelf are going to be a positive tailwind as we
work through the year.

So that's I think it a little bit perhaps broader answer, but that gives you the -- kind of the view of the
cycle that we've been through and why we think that there is still momentum ahead. And of course, we're
going to have to remain nimble because I do think it's difficult to predict with any certainty exactly what it
will look like, but I think those are all very positive indicators.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I wanted to ask about the decision to push hard on marketing at a time when demand exceeded your
production capacity. I really do appreciate the unique opportunity you have to keep all of these new
consumers to lean in on your retention efforts, and I do very much appreciate the value in that. But I also
imagine there's a risk of overheating demand, which can lead to some out-of-stock disappointments, so
to speak. So just curious how you thought about that balance during the quarter and also how it informs
your, I guess, implied fourth quarter guidance as well.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's -- absolutely, it is a balancing act. I do think, though, what is really the name of the game for us
right now if we think about the ability to take what is such a unique opportunity and if you think about
the strategy of the company, especially on brands like soup, essentially, our strategy was to try to build
relevance, attract our lapsed users and open the door to younger households coming into the franchise.
And as we said in our remarks, that's exactly what has occurred in this current moment. And so I do -- I
don't want to overdramatize the moment, but in thinking about kind of a once in a, certainly, a long period
of time opportunity, we want to make sure that we solidify the relationship with these consumers and
households.

Now I do think that is different than incenting purchase only. So you may not see the same level of
promotional support that we've had historically, but I do think where we're talking about usage, quality

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2020

and differentiation of our product, how we're thinking about building equity, how we're communicating
with consumers in different and relevant ways based on which cohort it is we're working with, whether it
is kind of the textbook comfort food that's associated with many of our products or whether it's a fantastic
recipe idea targeting a younger household on different media and digital formats that explain how to make
risotto with tomato soup, which has been one of the really, interestingly, very, very high demand, a recipe
we've seen, and I think the goal here is to not miss that opportunity to drive the equity in connection
while not necessarily just spending into selling more product.

And part of this equation also is not us in isolation, right? We're in a moment of probably the greatest level
of collaboration I've certainly seen in our industry in a long time with our retail partners. So what we want
to do is work together. We obviously don't want to be pushing things that are going to create frustration or
disappointment in their consumers and our consumers. But I do think there is a way to kind of thread this
needle a bit and try to do everything we can to retain while also not over-aggravating the situation.

So I don't know, Ken, if that gives you a context, but that's -- that is really how we're thinking about it.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

No. It does and I appreciate the challenge. We're in uncharted waters here. I guess for my follow-up,
speaking of uncharted waters, as we think about your implied fourth quarter guidance, when you're
drawing up an outlook in this kind of environment, one we've never seen before, I'm just curious, do you
naturally leave yourself a bit more wiggle room on the downside and the upside sort of a just-in-case
factor? I know you said that the implied range does reflect your best estimate at the moment and as it
should, right? But I just want to understand kind of what's assumed behind the scenes, maybe to get to
the low and high ends of the range, if I could.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think, Ken, what we try to do is -- and of course, this is kind of some new muscle groups that
we're all building where you've got such materiality of variables that can change the outlook. But our
feeling was let's take a set of assumptions that we feel are best informed by what we're seeing today and
what we believe the future will hold, and then let's create some sensitivities around those for different
circumstances. And those sensitivities then kind of frame up, if you will, a low side/high side that we use
to try to predict it. And in this particular case because we're essentially with 2 months left of a 3-month
quarter to finish the year, I did feel a greater sense of obligation to try to give a better view of that world
while recognizing that there are some things that are tough to predict.

So I don't think we -- and to answer your question a little more directly, I don't think we ever want to try
to put ourselves in a position where we don't have flexibility to react to certain variables that we can't see.
So we're always going to try to manage it in that way. But I will tell you, there are scenarios where the
guidance would not look conservative and there are certainly scenarios where it possibly could be. But I
think what we're trying to do is kind of give you our best effort.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So 2 questions for me. The first one, Mark, in the prepared remarks, you talked a bit about -- and I
guess, the future of the retailing landscape, just the potential for shelf sets to change and maybe limited
assortment. So could you talk a little bit about how that might affect new product development, especially
in soups going forward? I think the expectation on our end was that moving into fiscal '21, we were -- we
would see maybe more new products, more innovation versus renovation.

So if the shelf sets are going to change, does that -- how does that really change the way you will
approach new product development? And then I have a follow-up.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2020

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think it's early innings in really trying to process the data and the projection of where we're going
as it relates to the shelf. But I do believe that what we're going to want to do is make sure -- and this is
-- this would be true in many categories that are building or that have grown relevance, we want to really
understand how to utilize that space in the most effective way. And that's inclusive of supporting retailers
as many are dealing with the realities of their shelf being both a reflection of what the retail shopping
experience looks like while also the online click-and-collect environment as it, in essence, becomes a bit
of the warehouse, if you will, for that approach to shopping. And so we have tackled a pretty extensive
and very detailed work to try to put our best foot forward in collaboration with customers to try to really
identify where that goes.

Now the good news is our knowledge and our understanding of the innovation platforms that we're
planning were very much a part of that. And I think that as we look at the future forward, what you're
more likely to see is not necessarily us not moving forward with innovation, although, in fairness,
there will be perhaps some platforms that come a little later than others just because of some delay as
you think about in-plant trials and so forth as you go through this unique environment we've been in,
although we're certainly getting that back online and moving forward, but I think that will be part of that
assessment. So I don't expect it to stop us from bringing what we believe to be relevant, especially as
we're talking about some of these new consumers where we know things like convenience and sipping and
some of the flavor, the better-for-you platforms that we've talked about in the past as being at the heart
of where that innovation is going to come from I think very much remains relevant and will be part of it.
But we may have to answer the question of do we need item number 30 or 40 in some of the tails of our
businesses. If you look at our ready-to-eat portfolio, I've talked about this before and actually if you look
at our share loss in the third quarter, which I'm sure someone will get to that in a bit, but the reality is
that a large portion of that is in that tail of ready-to-serve. So these are some items that we've made the
decision perhaps in the short term to rationalize and we need to really think about longer term what the
right answer is.

And then I'm going to give you a little bit of a tongue-in-cheek answer here, Bryan. But the other thing is
we've got a couple what is performing and behaving like new products in our core. Now I'm going to stop
short of calling condensed soup a new product launch. But that is the way we're trying to behave. We're
thinking about now in a world where households are using this for the first time, how do we really support
it as if we're in this kind of year 2 of new product launches, and let's not jump so quickly to the new item
if we think there's real opportunity to continue to build the relevance and the repeat rate in these new
households on products that may have been old but is new to them, and I think that's a big part of our
strategy, too.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I think tomato soup and risotto is probably new to a lot of people on this call.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Don't knock it until you try it, Bryan, all right?

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I'm going to do it. And just one follow-up, Mark, just -- maybe just to follow us up a little bit on Ken
Goldman's question. But I think you talked about refilling or retailer inventory, I think one question we
get quite a bit is just are we -- have we built a lot of pantry inventory, right? So if you could just give us
maybe a quick check on where pantry inventories were maybe before all this started and then where you
think they stand today relative to just sell-through and how that affects revenue going forward.

Mark A. Clouse

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Yes. And we have a pretty decent mechanism for surveying that to get a bit more of a quantitative view
of it. And the numbers that we're seeing are very healthy levels. And in fact, in some areas, we may be
-- given the time of year, we are a little bit heavier on inventory levels in the pantry on things like soup.
But also given the underlying consumption and demand, if you were to equalize, let's call it, days of supply
or weeks of supply in the pantry, in most cases, it's going to be below where it's been historically. We do
not believe that we're in a situation where, at some point, the line's going to be snapped and we're going
to be deloading pantries. That's just not what the numbers are supporting. So I think we're in pretty good
shape there.

And again, I think we'll probably talk at some point about a little bit of the slowdown in recent weeks
that we've seen in consumption and demand, and part of it is us racing to try to rebuild some inventory.
A lot of people have asked as we've talked about it internally, well, how do you know that -- what's the
evidence that there is an outrunning of demand to supply. And I think you see it in, really, in 2 ways. The
most obvious is the shipment and the orders that we're getting. So as you watch the third quarter roll
forward, we really had -- from essentially March to April, we've really not had any variation in the order
demand. As we -- let me just take a second to explain this. So in the beginning, right, we were hit, in
many ways, the hardest with demand and we did a really good job. I mean I'm incredibly proud of the
supply chain. And even though we're talking about constraints, remember, this is a supply chain that was
supporting businesses that had been relatively flat to declining for the better part of the last decade. Now
we're reacting to 40%, 50% increases. Building that muscle group has taken a little bit of time, but I
really am incredibly impressed and proud of the team and what they've done. But that initial surge, we did
very well. You see it in our share, you see it in the consumption. But as we went through that really first
phase, we depleted a lot of inventory and we've now been in the process of recovering. So part of what we
know is that, that shipment request has not gone down at all. It's really been more about us working with
customers to get it right.

The second area and where you can see it is in TDPs. So if you want a more external quantification of
where that impact is, you can look at the trending of TDP declines from the beginning of the crisis to
where we are now. And essentially, what you'll see is -- and what that does is it reflects what's not on
shelf. And so 3% to 4% decline in TDPs during the surge has now gone to double digits. We are starting to
see that recover. As we said, I expect through the fourth quarter, and in some cases, it may be as late as
the beginning of next year, but we will be back with that inventory in place. And so that's a little bit of the
way you can tell from a quantification standpoint.

So not really your question, more on retail inventory versus pantry. But I think in both circumstances,
we've got a bit of a vacuum here that we're going to need to fill with supply over the months ahead.

Operator

Our next question comes from Nik Modi from RBC Capital Markets.

Nik Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Mark, I was hoping you can just comment on, just given the current state of affairs, how you think about
the cost structure longer term? I mean is there an opportunity here to reshape just given how some of the
work processes have changed, maybe you have found some incremental opportunities?

And then just thinking about some of the upside that you've seen, is there an opportunity to accelerate
initiatives that maybe had planned a year or 2 years out that you feel like you can maybe pull forward
now? So any thoughts around that would be really helpful.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And you see it in our numbers and the operating leverage that we're experiencing. Maybe I'll let, in
a second, Mick highlight a couple of the areas where we're seeing that leverage come through. There's

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2020

no question that a more optimized or full supply chain is going to be more efficient. At the same time,
we don't want to be in extended periods of time where we're not able to supply to meet demand. So I
think what we're trying to do is also -- and what we also don't want to end up in is a situation where we're
spending and investing in capital ahead of confirmation of the sustainment of some of the demand. So
these are all the variables that we juggle to try to put together our best foot forward.

So some areas are simple. So us accelerating, and for example, ensuring that even through this period
of remote working, we find a way to safely move as fast-forward as we can on Goldfish capacity where
we're adding a new line in our Willard, Ohio facility and we've really worked through the crisis to keep that
initiative moving. That one's an easy decision to make.

As it relates to areas like soup, what we've done is we have gone through first, and as we've talked in
the past, about optimizing assortment. But I do think there are some particular areas where we want
more flexibility even if it's in anticipation over the next year or so, God forbid, we have another bounce-
back of the virus. We need to be in a position where we've got a little bit more flexibility. And so what
we're looking for there are appropriate investments to give us that flexibility without necessarily putting
substantial infrastructure that we may or may not need over time. And we're going to kind of think of that
as more of a pay-as-you-go model, right? So we're kind of investing as we move forward to try to meet
those needs.

As it relates to other initiatives or growth opportunities, I think we are trying to jump forward as quickly as
possible. As you think about, again, our strategy, in essence, what we've seen in this crisis is not a need
for us to shift strategy. It's just pushed us forward. And if you think about all the things we've done as a
company, whether it's focusing the company by really locking down into 1 geography and 2 divisions and
returning focus to our core businesses where we believe that there was relevance and that we could build
and expand the user base of these businesses like soup, pasta sauces and Pace on the Mexican side, what
this has essentially done is pushed us down that path faster. So we need to be also as nimble as possible,
and this is a little bit back to Ken's question on how you're balancing the investments in the fourth quarter.
We are trying to move some of those initiatives forward and move as quickly as we can to make sure that
we've got all of the further quality improvements done, that we're ramping up some of the new packaging
formats, that we're doing the things that we had planned. We're just doing it at a quicker pace as we're a
little bit -- or significantly further down the road than we might have expected at this point.

Operator

Your next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Rebecca, welcome to your first call. You really timed your entrance well. Congrats on a good quarter.

So a couple of quick questions for you. But first, and all kind of building off of the topics you've already
touched on, you -- Mark, you mentioned a few times the need to replenish some inventory out there. If
we assume that maybe there's like a week of inventory catch-up, that's pretty much going to get you to
the midpoint of your organic sales guide for the fourth quarter. And clearly, we've seen a lot of residual
consumption strength so far in May, and you're talking -- you're giving us plenty of reasons to believe that
some of that's going to stick as we move forward.

So I guess question one is why shouldn't the fourth quarter in terms of organic sales strength in context
of potential inventory catch-up look a lot like the third quarter? What are some of the assumptions
underpinning your outlook there?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Jason, so the most significant one is just the pace at which we imagine and see that recovery
occurring. Now in all fairness, I think what we're seeing or what we expect to occur is 1 of 2 things,
right? Either demand through the summer remains at a substantially escalated level and if that happens,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2020

we are going to be chasing a bit that inventory through the balance of the fourth quarter and probably
really into the first quarter of next year. If that demand slows or moderates in the summer, then we
will take advantage of that window to replenish inventory as you described. I don't think both will -- I
don't think we can support both at the same time, if that makes sense. So I think we kind of see the
calibration of this a little bit on understanding where the capacity in the supply chain sits. And I do think
we will certainly make up ground as we go because I also do think there will be some relative slowdown
in demand as we go into the heart of the summer on certain categories, albeit I would still see it elevated
versus where we would have been, say, a year ago. But I think it's going to be the combination of those 2
things together that is what we're trying to calibrate to the assumptions.

And of course, at the same time, we continue to work and are seeing improvements all the time in our
capacity and output. And again, a little bit of this is just trying to be pragmatic or thoughtful about how we
set expectations as we have confirmed there are no certain things. Does that make sense?

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Okay. It kind of does. But I guess I'm just looking at monthly consumption now comparing it to peak
consumption during the key season. And while you're up big year-on-year, you're not as big as you are
monthly in key seasons. So I guess I had an impression that your capacity would be able to keep up with
the type of demand that we're now seeing. It sounds like that's the wrong impression.

And I don't want to burn that as my follow-up question. My follow-up question is related to costs because
-- and Mick, this is probably a question better suited for you. There is some concern that given the
strength that you're delivering this year, that you may not be able to deliver earnings -- the earnings are
going to have to reset from this elevated level next year. However, there's clearly a lot of expenses that
are rolling through your P&L right now. If you stack up the mark-to-market, stack up the COVID-related
charge in COGS, stack up the elevated corporate, I get the $60 million of onetime expenses really quick or
nonrecurring expenses really quick just this quarter. Is that sort of the right math? Is that what we should
expect in the fourth quarter? And is it reasonable to believe that most of that is likely to fall away into next
year?

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So I don't really want to go into kind of what next year is going to look like. But if I kind of come back
to Q3, which is a good question and kind of peeling that back, you're right, we obviously have the impact
of the mark-to-market, right, which we also highlighted in the prepared remarks in the gross margin and
the impact that it had there give or take about 100 basis points of the 300 basis points of inflation in
other.

And then the other piece, which, obviously, a big chunk of it, is within our cost of goods. And as I
mentioned, with regard to the gross margin, the COVID-19 incremental costs are obviously captured
there. But they're also capturing other parts of the P&L. I'd say if you look at the third quarter, that comes
in -- from a total dollars perspective, just purely kind of incremental COVID-19 expenses, you get to
about mid-20. So about $25 million. Obviously, that was only for -- it only impacted Q3 for about half the
quarter. So maybe that gives you a little bit of incremental perspective.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I had a question for you, if I could, first, on e-commerce. We've seen a significant development there of
that channel. And I just want to understand how you think you're keeping pace relative to the category
development in e-commerce and then how your margins are performing in that business. That's an area

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2020

you've invested in over the last several years. Are your margins up near where they are in a product sold
to the store, for example?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, let me start by saying, as we know, what I would call more online shopping, order, delivery to
click-and-collect, there's quite a bit of difference between the -- between those various channels. I would
tell you, on the click-and-collect side, I think we have done a fairly good job of keeping pace. In working
directly with our retail partners. And as you can imagine, one of the challenges that is easier to manage
on click-and-collect is inventory and assortment.

I think on the more direct e-commerce side, we have, I think, done equitably in those channels to similar
companies and businesses, but I think there is opportunity there. I think there's opportunity as we think
about how we manage the route to market there, how we make sure that our in-stock levels improve,
clearly that being a challenge more universally in the last quarter. But I think even before that, really
getting the formula right for our e-commerce customers is extremely important.

And then as you think about our business, where our businesses tend to be a bit more stable, we do well.
I think when you're talking about impulse purchases, that's an area where we really are trying to work
hard to learn a bit about how do you create that impulse environment in an online world. And that is not
as simple as just being available or being at the top of the page. You've got to create a little bit more of
a unique dynamic. So one of the other areas that we're investing in the third quarter and into the fourth
quarter is really out there trying to test and learn in that space because we do expect that as consumers
become more comfortable utilizing these tools, and this is also inclusive of areas like Instacart where
you've got a third-party essentially as the intermediary between traditional retail and the consumer but a
lot of engagement with the interface on how consumers are ordering or shopping, so there's a lot of places
where right now we want to be experimenting a bit more to try to understand some of these dynamics to
make us more effective. And I think the great news is there are a lot of resources in the universe, whether
it is our traditional retailers working online or more dedicated companies in that space, there is a real
openness and willingness to partner. And I think that's always been something that's been a bit more
challenging is to access data, but we're finding it to be a more open dialogue and partnership, and that's
really going to help us figure it out.

As it relates to margins, the question, I think, is there is no doubt that no matter how efficient it may be,
the cost structure in supporting some of these models is creating areas where we have to try to figure out
how to mitigate that. So whether it is the fee you pay a third-party shopper, whether it is the additional
labor that a traditional retailer has or whether it's just the infrastructure cost of managing a supply chain
that may not be organic to the company that's doing it, I think we have to work together to try to figure
out what that looks like. And it may be more limited assortment, it may be different pack sizes, it may
be a variety of different ways that we want to look at working together. But we do recognize that, that is
a reality that's coming and we need to figure out how to do that so it's not a material drain. Now we've
looked at the kind of immediate projections. And although I would say I do expect it to be a bit of a
headwind, I don't see it as a significant barrier to us continuing to progress on our financial commitments.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. A quick one for you, if I could. You talked about some market share losses in soup. I think a lot of
that related to inventory and product availability. And then you also mentioned Goldfish, for example, as
well. Is that just competitors were able to get more product on the shelf? Have you lost some of these
consumers to other categories as they shift around from meals or snacks? I'm just curious there from a
high level.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's a really good question and it's a little bit of a different situation. So if you look at soup, for
example, no one wants to see share declines ever, and certainly, we've made a lot of progress this year on
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2020

that front coming into the third quarter. I do think there are 2 areas that you're seeing that are impacting
that number. The first is that there is no question that supply has been a challenge, and that's been more
of a share pressure of late than it was necessarily throughout the whole quarter. And again, when you
think about a world of a contained set of supply on the shelf, when we are not able to fully meet demand,
it does open the door to other businesses or other brands that may be left on the shelf or available that
has filled in a little bit. And if you watch our cycle, as I said, coming out of that unprecedented push in the
beginning where we did pretty well and held up well, we've certainly seen that weight. Now the good news
is, I think, in more recent, we're beginning to see that cycle back. And I think over time, we're going to
get back to a better place.

The other thing that's happened within soup is there's been a greater migration into the ready-to-serve
segment of soup, which actually has more competition. So just as a perspective, on the condensed side,
we have an 85% share. On the ready-to-serve side, we have a 44% share. So just inherently, as a larger
percentage of consumers are spread out in that ready-to-serve area, it's impacted our overall share. What
I am encouraged by is in the third quarter, our chunky business was actually up on share within ready-to-
serve, which, of course, is our focus while the kind of all other area of ready-to-serve was down about 0.7
of a share point. So I think where we want to be focused, that looked a little better, but there's no -- that
dynamic is occurring.

And then I think the third area on share within soup that's important to continue to mention, I think even
coming out of Q2, the one area we talked about is we've got more work to do on differentiating our broth
business. And that's the other area where you would have seen some share erosion in that segment
especially to a private label where, again, I think we've got to continue to work harder on establishing
what the points of difference really are for Swanson. Although I did feel great about the resurgence of
Pacific, and we know that's a big part of that equation is getting the supply back up on Pacific where we've
done quite well. And there, you see pretty significant movement in share.

On the Goldfish side, it is more of a circumstance where we came into the virus not necessarily on a high
level of inventory. And with that initial demand, it's been very dramatic. And aggravating it a bit more has
been the shift where we normally have a better balance between portion packs that are more on the go
and larger bulk sizes that are used more in home. And as you might imagine, in this environment, the
demand has really shifted to the bulk side. So we've made that pivot, and we're addressing it, but not
necessarily at the rate that we've seen. And then once that supply challenge was in place on Goldfish, it
did require us to do some reductions in promotions collaboratively with customers, which put some further
pressure on the business. I'm not concerned long term because really, the share loss you're seeing on
Goldfish is to other crackers that are really not substitutes for Goldfish. It's just we share Goldfish against
the broader cracker category. I think our ability to recover that and continue to move Goldfish forward,
I feel good about. We've just got to catch up. And I think, again, we will do that over the course of the
fourth quarter. You'll even start to see some promotional activity coming back in June. And I think by the
time we're through the summer, we're going to be in good shape.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

And Mark and Rebecca, I really like this new format. Thank you for making the change.

Rebecca Gardy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2020

I have -- in your prepared remarks, Mark, you were -- I thought what was very positive is when you said
that soup is going to be a much more relevant category going into this fall than normal. Could you talk a
little bit about how your retailers are viewing it?

And maybe if you can just get back to, I guess, the inherent tension of coming to the retailer with advice
to have reduced variety, I guess, rationalize some of the SKUs, but also indicate that it will be a stronger
demand season than normal. Are retailers concerned that they lose a sale if you reduce the variety? And
then I have a quick follow-up.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Honestly, it is truly a collaboration in discussion. And part of this is, I think everybody is certainly
reacting a little bit to the here and now and wanting to make sure that as we go into the next soup
season, that we're able to do our best job in supplying demand. And so what we've also said though is,
and there's no doubt that some of the SKU rat that we did, although it accomplished the goal of increasing
perhaps capacity in the short term, it is not the right answer longer term with what consumers are looking
for, especially if you imagine these households working through the variety needs of what cooking looks
like and the desire to have greater numbers of options in place.

So it really is a balancing act. I, by no means, expect us not to come back with a fair number of the SKUs
that we have that we rationalized in the short term that we think have long-term merits. And I think the
customers with us are working to try to figure out what that balance is, and part of it is us being able to
provide some confidence and conviction to them on what our ability it is to supply during a greater -- what
we anticipate to be a greater demand season.

So I think, Rob, again, where I view this being most effective is if we get the facings and the shelf
inventory right for the SKUs that are really going to be in high demand, and we know that, and then the
appropriate level of assortment to give the variety that consumers are looking for. And perhaps that may
not just mean us giving up some space, but it may be that there's not as much need for some of the
redundancy that may be on the shelf. And so in the end, we want to be able to get that balance right.

So I think it's going to be a little bit of a give and take there. But I think so far, it's a pretty, I guess,
consensus perspective between retailers and kind of what we're thinking.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. My follow-up is if you do the math between the retail consumption growth that you had in the
Nielsen data versus your shipments, it comes down to about $250 million or 3% for the year. Are you
quantifying it the same way the inventory burn that occurred? And if so, are you assuming that it spills up
gradually in terms of your shipments in the next few quarters? It's a big number.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, I think, sadly, part of that number is relative to some of the share declines we've seen where
our lack of availability enabled other brands or businesses perhaps to consume some of that demand that
was there over time. But our inventory levels -- and remember, this is -- to a certain degree, it's kind of
a continued pressure to refill inventory. So I don't think, mathematically, I would say it's quite that big.
But I do think certainly in the quarter, we were about 10 points lower than what -- from a comparison to
consumption and shipments. And I think there is a good chunk of that, that will be inventory.

But the way I would approach it, Rob, is kind of thinking about, okay, most of the retail universe is going
to be looking for anywhere from 2 to 4 weeks of supply, and that's probably the way mathematically.
We're more thinking about what that number ultimately is.

And then to answer kind of the second part of the question, I think it comes a little bit back to what we
were talking about before with Jason on, okay, where does demand remain versus what our full capacity
is on how long does it take us to get back to kind of fully loaded and in place. And so I think that -- my
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2020

sense is that we will see great progress in Q4, but we may -- it may take us a little bit of time in some
categories to get all the way back to bright in Q1.

Operator

And we'll take our final question from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

When you talk about the trends that you're seeing in consumer and retail, you characterized that, I think,
as in the immediate future. Just curious if you could give a little sense of what kind of time horizon you
see, and maybe specifically just getting at some early thoughts on the second half of calendar '20 and into
fiscal '21. Obviously, not fiscal '21 guidance, but just some sense of how you're thinking about it and what
shapes you're planning there.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think, Michael, I've tended to qualify it as immediate because I do think there's still a lot left to
prove, although very encouraging to see the stickiness, if you will, of the household penetration and the
repeat. I think we need to kind of get into that third cycle that I described to really understand kind of
where we'll be ongoing.

Now I do think, though, it's safe to say that we would certainly expect as we kind of go into next winter,
and as we watch the behaviors, we do think those behaviors will continue to be highly relevant. And
there's a series, I think, of indicators that we're watching closely to try to get a sense of how much of this
really is sustainable beyond kind of the next 6 to 12 months. But I do think that there are going to be
some lasting impacts out of this. And I think a lot of it will depend, too, on our ability to really convert on
these windows of opportunity to establish that relevancy in a sustainable way. And I think that has a lot to
do with our ability to drive that usage and relevancy while also bringing the right innovation to continue
to build out that category and try to really, truly return it back to a position of playing a relevant role in a
variety of different consumers' lives.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

And just a little bit related, can you touch on some of your thinking on seasonality? We've obviously
normally seen that in soup, in particular. And this year, it's -- we've all been locked in during some of the
best weather possible, and yet, soup certainly has surged. And part of what I'm curious is if that continues
in this summer on a smaller base, should we be mindful of a potentially bigger uptick, obviously, again,
depending on your capacity and those constraints. But has seasonality changed? How do we think about
that?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Well, I think there's 2 things that we've said all along we thought could be a little bit of an expansion of
the seasonality of soup and that was the movement into a bigger role within cooking, which, of course,
does change through the summer months. But that need, that ingredient demand and that role we could
play, we always felt like there was a bigger opportunity there that might expand deeper into the year than
just what we would consider the traditional soup season.

I think the other area that we've experienced a lot of growth and behavior is the role that soup can play
in lunches. And I do think the ability for that to be a little less seasonal is possible. And so although I do
expect the demand to dampen a bit in the summer, I do think we'll remain in an elevated level.

And so I think those are all areas of opportunity that we're going to continue to work on to try to solidify
those behaviors. And I think if we're effective at doing that, we do have the potential to expand the
season. But again, these are all things right now that we're still kind of in those early moments and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2020

trying to learn from and I guess, just going back to the -- your starting point, that is why I've tended to
categorize it as immediate.

But we'll continue to provide those mile markers as we go to try to help everybody understand how we see
this going forward, and I certainly would expect as we see you for the end of the fiscal year and we start
talking about '21, we'll have a more robust perspective on that as we look forward.

Operator
Thank you. And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today's conference. Ladies
and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now
disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

