Campbell Soup Company NYSE:CPB
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, September 03, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.60

0.63

5.00

0.86

2.94

2.95

0.34

2.88

2074.16

2108.00

1.63

2298.87

8626.53

8691.00

0.75

8336.17

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Sep-03-2020 1:13 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.71

0.66

0.77

0.60

0.86

0.72

0.84

0.63

SURPRISE

21.13 %

9.09 %

9.09 %

5.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

5

2

 
CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

Rebecca Gardy
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

John Joseph Baumgartner
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q4 and Fiscal 2020 Campbell Soup
Company Live Q&A Session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being
recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to Rebecca Gardy, Vice President, Investor Relations. Ma'am,
you may begin.

Rebecca Gardy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. I hope everyone has had the chance this morning to read our press release and
listen to our prerecorded management presentation, both of which are available on the Investor Relations
section of campbellsoupcompany.com. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the prerecorded
presentation. After the conclusion of today's live Q&A session, we will post a transcript and an audio replay
of this call.

Please note that during today's Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements, which reflect
our current expectations about our business plans, our first quarter 2021 guidance and the impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic on our business. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could
be inaccurate and are subject to risk.

We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Please refer to today's earnings release available on
the Investors section of our website, campbellsoupcompany.com, for a list of factors that could cause
our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements and for
reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.

Joining me today are Mark Clouse, Campbell's President and CEO; and Mick Beekhuizen, Chief Financial
Officer. [Operator Instructions]
And with that, I'll now turn it over to the operator for the first question. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

And our first question will come from Andrew Lazar from Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Mark, I know that fiscal '21 was sort of initially, as the way you laid it out in the multiyear plan, thought
to be a pretty big year in terms of reframing the soup category for Campbell through innovation and
other means. And I'm trying to get a sense of what's maybe changed or what needs to change around the
strategy for this soup journey, if anything, given recent trends. Because if you think about it, Campbell
has picked up so many new households and users that I'm thinking the focus maybe now shifts more from
retaining -- or to retaining users rather than maybe solely gaining new ones. So I'm just trying to get a
sense of how that, if at all, changes the sort of the approach and the journey around soup.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, great, great question. I think the good news is that a lot of the strategic framework of what
we had set out to accomplish on soup initially was laid out in such a way where the primary goal or the
objective was to improve relevance of the category and begin to add or recover households that it lost.

As you point out, I think the best way to describe where we are right now is that we've, through the
pandemic, been able to jump forward on that strategic journey. And if you go back and kind of think about
what did we set out to do in '20, it was really to strengthen the base, improve quality, make some material
investments in the business to begin to reestablish or rebuild that relevancy and then begin to build back
the innovation funnel.

If you kind of think about what we then accomplished in '20 really across the board, we well went beyond
what our expectations are. So as we go into '21, although I do think it is more about retaining those
households, a lot of the strategies and the things that we had planned to do are things that we will
continue to do, I think, just with a higher degree of probability of success and a better set of insights on
what's compelling consumers and what's been working or not working.

So a lot of -- I think there's been a lot of discussion or debate about when you kind of come through all
this, how do you feel about where you are in the strategic journey on soup. And why, to some degree, I
tried to cover in the remarks that this, to me, on soup is a little bit less about peaks and valleys as we
think about how to manage through the short term, but really that steady progress that enables us to
come out of this tunnel in a position where soup is a steady contributor to the business. Because if you go
back to the thesis of the company, if you're able to accomplish that in conjunction with what we believe we
can do on snacking and even the balance of the Meals & Beverages business, it really does position us in a
very advantaged way.

So as we get into '21, I think the -- one of the things I'll just leave you with is a lot of, I guess, powder is
still dry in the strategy when it comes to innovation, shelving, many of the things that we had planned in
'21. And so I get -- I think as I said in my comments, I'm building confidence because you still have those
elements to layer on top of what kind of the shorter-term boost has been.

And I'm sure we'll get into a little bit more of the consumer trends, but we've done a lot of work on this
behavior of increased cooking and quick-scratch cooking, in particular. And we've built now a series of
insights that give us a lot more confidence that this is going to sustain beyond just the pandemic period.
And I'm sure that will come up a little bit later and we can talk more about it.

But I think the net of it is a lot of the same activities, it's just we're further down the road than we
expected. We keep staying that course, I think, if anything, this is building a lot more confidence in our
ability to make soup a steady contributor.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Mark, you said that the operating environment is creating opportunities, I think, to evaluate future
efficiencies as you learn from COVID. Can you maybe elaborate on what that means, how big the
opportunity might be? I know it's hard to know for sure right now, but a lot of your peers have discussed
this in sort of rough terms. Maybe some travel costs can be reduced. I'm just trying to get a sense from
you of what you're seeing and the size of that if possible.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So you're right. It's hard to quantify. I think what -- the way I would describe it is it's creating drill
sites for us for future productivity. And that's, I think, quite helpful because we've been able to create this
kind of, I'd say, real-world case studies and laboratory to test a few things.

I think there's 3 primary areas, though, that we see as future opportunity: I think the first is in
optimizing the portfolio, right? So where are we overskewed, underskewed? Where are we really getting
incrementality? From certain extensions of our portfolio, how do we really think about optimizing the
effectiveness of our offerings to really match where consumers our needs are and to create room for what
we think is going to be meaningful innovation while setting up a more efficient overall approach to the
portfolio.

I think the second area is, as we've seen kind of full utilization across our entire supply chain and route
to market, I think it's enabled us to understand some places almost out of necessity in the short term
that we've done that we think in the longer term, our ability to create certain consolidations, how to think
about perhaps hubs to supply in a more efficient way, especially as you think about our Snacks business,
where you've got a little bit more complicated route to market. I think we've been able to find -- even if
it's in the face of some higher costs than this year, but it's pointed out places where if we can improve that
architecture structure, I see opportunity to save money.

And then the third, where I think a lot of people have spent time talking, is how do you learn from this
virtual work environment ways to operate companies more efficiency -- efficiently? Do you need as much
travel? Do you need quite the infrastructure that you might have? Can you figure out a way to take what
has been working very effectively for the company and use that as a little bit of a blueprint?

I do very much still believe that the concept of team environment is important for businesses like ours.
A lot of the innovation and creativity is done through cross-functional collaboration. And although we've
done a great job with that virtually and although I think it can enable and unlock some potential efficiency
and savings going forward, I think at the heart of the company, I still believe that there is real value in
folks being able to sit face-to-face and across the table to work on things.

But I think the good news is all 3 of those, we're beginning to mine as opportunities going forward. And
I think that's going to help strengthen our pipeline of savings, especially as we're coming to the end of
our enterprise savings program as we've talked about. We're wrapping up here the value capture from the
Snyder's-Lance integration. And so it's just great to see some new ideas that are beginning to populate
that pipeline. So a good thing coming out of a tough situation.

Operator

Our next question comes from Nik Modi from RBC Capital Markets.

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

So Mark, I just wanted to revisit the discussion on these new households. So it's going to obviously be an
important part of how your growth curve looks over the next couple of quarters and the next couple of
years. So can you just talk about the composition of these new households and how they might differ from
kind of what you were seeing pre-COVID?

And so I'll just give an example. Some of the data we've reviewed would suggest new Prego consumers
are younger singles, spend higher online than average, skew to vegan and vegetarians and tend to dine
out 2 to 5 times a week. So I'm just curious if this is consistent with what you've been observing in your
data?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's very consistent. So we would see, essentially in the households we've added, just shy of 50%
of those new households are coming from younger consumers, right. It's a combination of different sized
households, can be a little bit older millennials who are now just beginning young families, working with
a little bit of a different budget perhaps than they did when they were younger as well as much smaller
households. And I think as we think about this going forward, those become, as you would imagine, a
very, very high priority for us.

And one of the great things about Q4, and I know even coming out of Q3, I had a lot of questions about,
okay, even as you're navigating some of the supply pressure, you continue to invest at a very high level.
And I think that was incredibly valuable for us in the fourth quarter and it really proves some terrific
learnings and results.

One of the things that I think harder to see in the numbers in Q4, but if you take e-commerce as an
example where we know there's a higher index to where these particular younger consumers are shopping
and gaining information, 86% of our spending on our Meals & Beverage business in the fourth quarter was
on digital to support this through a combination of retailers' platforms as well as a whole range of different
tactics to really try to understand what works and what doesn't. So as we go into this year, we're going to
be more effective.

But what we found is we can have a big impact with that population. Our e-commerce business was up
over 100% in the fourth quarter. It now represents for us as a company, it essentially doubled in 2020.
It was kind of low single digits. Now it's up into the mid-single digits. And again, as you think about our
ability to demonstrate growth there, which, again, doesn't really show up as much in your measured
channels, it creates a really great platform for us to connect to consumers in a very specific way to
influence them.

And I think one of the things that I'll just mention, too, with this particular target that's giving us a lot of
confidence beyond just the online success that we had is this dynamic around cooking and quick-scratch
cooking. And I think for a lot of people, and myself included, I wanted to try to understand a little better
behaviorally what's going on so we can better predict what's going to happen after the pandemic. And
does that give us a higher likelihood of keeping those consumers in the franchise, right? I think that's the
big question.

And we found a couple of very specific things that I think are giving us a lot of confidence. The first is the
initial read through of what was going on in this cooking was a lot of consumers trying to recreate favorite
meals, comfort food, feeling out of necessity having to cook, but staying pretty close to home. I think
what we've seen as time goes on and as confidence is building, think about cooking 3 meals a day, 7 days
a week for a couple of months, the amount of confidence these consumers have now in their ability to
cook has really broadened their ability to add significant creativity, which is allowing them to reach into
dishes and food that is far more, I think, sustainable longer term, right. Where for me, it might be 15-
minute chicken and rice, for these consumers, it's Tuscan chicken and mushroom on rice cauliflower using
still our ingredients, but doing it for a meal that feels far more consistent with where they're going.

And the other exciting thing is that we all knew that there would be a pivot eventually back to healthier
recipes, again, a little more comfort-oriented initially, a little more healthier now. And our products are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

staying right in there with the combination of what we offer with Pacific, the recognition that a lot of the
quality improvements and some of those historical barriers to the can that we really have been working on
to overcome, I think we're seeing great indication that we're moving through it.

And then the final one is value. And I think what we're realizing and what consumers are realizing is that,
that value equation on this quick-scratch cooking is quite powerful. So you roll that all together, our ability
to impact consumers online as well as the strengthening conviction to cooking, quick-scratch cooking
moving forward gives me a lot more confidence. And I think you heard that in my comments earlier on our
ability to retain these households. And in particular, retaining these households on soup, which I think is
going to be a very important milestone or indicator or proof point as we go forward on whether we're able
to sustain more of this in -- starting in the back half, but certainly going forward. Helpful, Nik?

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Super helpful.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Two reasonably straightforward questions. First, in the press release, you mentioned some gains on
commodity hedges, you explained, to effectively account for the majority of corporate cost decrease,
which implies like $37 million. But in the presentation, you say it will only partially offset the commodity
inflation, which suggests less than $15 million. So first question, what is the magnitude of that?

Second question and I'm going to just bundle these together. Net pricing, it was surprising to see that
your trade spend still up year-on-year and promos a net drag on sales. It's surprising context what's
happening in the promotional environment overall. So 2 parts to that question. One, where is the money
going? Two, as we think forward, we're hearing from pretty much every company that they're expecting
promotions to kind of come back into the market and become more elevated going forward. Do you expect
that to happen as well? And given that it's already a net negative, would you expect that net drag to
increase as we go forward?

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Okay. Why don't I take the first one, Jason? So with regard to your first question, to clarify the mark-
to-market gains on commodity hedges, it's in and around $20 million.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. On the promotional, what we're seeing promotionally and as pricing -- I mean, we have and framed
it a little bit as a relatively neutral position in the quarter. I think our net pricing is a contributor within our
gross margin bridge was essentially flat. There's a couple of things that are underlying that.

We are seeing in -- especially in categories where there is more pressure on supply, some pullback in
promotion. I think one of the things we're trying to wrestle with a little bit through all this is, okay, if I
promote the business with retailers, I may drive a growth rate of 10% or 15%. I can supply maybe 5%
or 6% growth. And then if I don't promote, I only grow 2%, right? So we're trying to figure out how to
calibrate the right kind of promotion and support to get to the best position possible.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

I do expect as we go through '21, that's going to moderate and return to more normality. I think it will be
a little choppier in the first quarter. But as we start to get into soup season and beyond, I think you'll see
a much more consistent promotional calendar and schedule as we advance. I think in the near term, what
you are seeing, though, is in the absence of some of those and as we shift mix to things where we may
have more supply and better position, I think you're seeing us continue to promote fairly aggressively.

And again, I think we're working very collaboratively with the retailers to try to make sure, too, that if
you're a -- I mentioned this last time, if you're a high-low retailer versus an EDLP retailer and you're
pulling back on promotions, it does create a little bit more of a disadvantage in certain customers. And
we're trying to work hard to make sure that we're equitable in our approach and that we're supporting
customers to navigate through that in the best way possible.

So there's a little bit of mix that may be elevating as well. I think from my perspective, though, I think
how I would have depicted it is relatively neutral with a trajectory to increase as we go into '21. Mick,
anything to add on the kind of the financial bridge side of it?

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

No, I agree with that. I think net pricing in the end, I mean, as you also see in one of our bridges in the
materials, was actually net neutral.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I just -- I had a question for you. I heard about some supply chain challenges in certain parts of your
business and at the same time, an ability to ship ahead of consumption in some other areas, I'm thinking
like in soup. So I want to get a better sense, if I could, about your production capabilities, especially the
areas in which you're investing to improve your supply chain.

And then just to get a sense around retail inventories, were there still some areas you have to build up?
Are they -- kind of where do you stand on retail inventories overall?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Great, great question. So let me kind of chunk that into the 3 pieces you kind of asked. First, as far
as the supply chain capability and our execution, I feel great about how the team has shown up. A lot of
discussion in the Q3 earnings call. And as we kind of guided to Q4, the real improvement or the uptick in
what we guided to where we landed was improvement in capacity as it related to soup, which enabled us
to replenish inventory at a higher level, which was our goal. Not fully complete yet. I think you'll continue
to see that going forward.

But just on the basis of when I talk about supply chain challenges, these are not executional challenges.
This is not us performing. This is not COVID-related impact. This is simply the sustained level of demand
in certain businesses where we may have a little less flexibility to be able to kind of move to that higher
level. So first off, that's kind of the starting point.

I think what you're seeing in this quarter is some variation between businesses, right? If we were in Q3,
we were talking a little bit about the depletion of inventory on soup. I think the great news in Q4 is we
were able to replenish in many areas.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

One of the dynamics that's happening is you'll see throughout Q1 is the return of the vast majority of the
SKUs that we had removed. There will be some that we choose not to come back with, that we think are
just good business decisions, but that pipeline still remains. And I would still expect to see an ability to
ship ahead of consumption as it relates to soup as we go through the first quarter.

And again, our guidance implies a certain limitation there. We're going to continue to work on improving
that capacity as we go forward to hopefully more broaden that ability and ensure. But at the end, we feel
good that we'll be there by the time we get to soup season.

I think what you saw on the other side of the equation was some pressure on businesses across Snacks.
In particular, I think the 2 that right now are probably our areas of biggest focus is our potato chip
businesses, our Kettle and Cape Cod. The good news is we've got a great plan in place, which is really
to your third point on adding capacity, but there's certainly been pressure there. We've also seen some
pressure on supplying Lance, our sandwich cracker business.

And on Goldfish, I think we're in great shape on supply. We've opened a new line at Willard. A little bit of
what we're navigating on Goldfish is trying to figure out again that mix as we go through back-to-school
on whether it's bulk or individual packs. And we continue to see demand remaining very, very high on the
bulk side. But I think, generally speaking, we feel good about that.

So there are a little bit of improvements on one, opportunities on other. But as we come through the end
of the first quarter, we really expect to be back across the board, and we are making major investments
in many of the areas where we have great confidence in the sustainability of the demand going forward.
So places like Goldfish, places like Milano, places like Kettle chips, places like broth on our business, all of
those are getting investments. And we need them, but they're, I think, going to be helping us in a pretty
significant way as we get into the second quarter.

So again, I think that's a little bit of the nature of the guidance in Q1. And again, we would hope that we
can create further upside there that could be opportunity. But for where we are right now, again, we're
trying to be as pragmatic as we can be.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Two quick ones. The sales guidance for 1Q, do you expect in total to ship to consumption in 1Q? Or does
that include some degree of shipping above consumption in that range?

And secondarily, I think you quantified last quarter exactly how much inventory you needed to reload. I
think the number was up $200 million. Maybe you can give us an update on that.

And last thing, there was a lot of margin compression in Snacks, I think you attribute it to the A&C
investment in the quarter. But you also talked about COVID costs really hitting Snacks harder. So why is
there margin compression in Snacks related to COVID? But in soup, the margins are actually going higher.
Is it just different businesses in terms of how the COVID cost run through them?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So let me first talk a little bit about inventory again and what we expect in Q1. So you have a couple
of things that are going on in Q1 that I think are important for people to try to calibrate on. And I know
you're coming out of a quarter where your organic growth is 12%. Seeing a guide of 5% to 7% may feel
to some a little bit like, okay, well, that's not -- why aren't we just running at the rate going forward?

I think there's a couple of variables in there, and then I'll -- and then on the tail end, I'll catch your
inventory piece. The first thing is that we do expect demand, consumption demand to be elevated
especially on the Meals & Beverage side. But one thing that is worth noting is it's a significantly bigger

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

base in the first quarter. So although I do think growth will be there, I just think the absolute numbers are
going to be a little bit moderated from where we are.

Right now, what we have planned is to continue to recover some inventory on the Meals & Beverage side.
But to be honest, we're pushing the team hard to try to create room to recover even more.

I would say from a total inventory recovery position across the company, we're probably about halfway
done. So I still think further ahead on soup, not as far ahead on some of the other businesses. So I
would still expect there to be over the course of Q1. Some may even bleed a little bit into Q2, but I'm still
expecting about half of that, Rob, to come back over the first half, primarily Q1, but over the first half of
the year. And again, a lot of this is going to boil down to how much capacity we're able to generate. So
certainly, we hope we're going to push above that.

Snacks is a little bit different, right? I think Snacks, what we're seeing is a -- although elevated level of
demand in some areas, a more return to normality in others -- which, by the way, I still believe is going to
be healthy growth and continuing to make great progress. But for example, we're in the midst right now
of back to school, and it's been very interesting to watch the first couple weeks of that, where you see, on
the one hand, a significant increase in our demand for soup, for quick lunches as well as bulk on our Snack
business. But we definitely see a reduction in some of the more traditional back-to-school portion packs.
So I think as we navigate that, we're trying to calibrate to the right numbers.

I will just say, as I said in my comment, I think it's a complicated time to give people a tremendous sense
of precision in the numbers. But I think the general drivers, we feel very good about. It's now our ability
to match the magnitude. So still a lot of inventory to go. I think healthy demand underlying it and we
would expect that to continue through the first half. And so that's kind of how we've initially set up these
numbers in the first quarter. Oh yes...

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

And about the margins.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Yes, on COVID costs, Mick, maybe just a little bit why Snacks is different than...

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, sure. Okay. So let me give you a little bit of context around the COVID cost. We had about $25 million
of COVID costs in Q3. If you look at Q4, because Q3 was obviously only half impacted by COVID, Q4, we
had a full quarter. The overall cost were double that, give or take, about $50 million.

If you look at the distribution between the 2 divisions, you see that about 2/3 of that hit Snacks, which
is really driven by the nature of the manufacturing footprint of the Snacks division, i.e., we have many
more facilities obviously there. Then the other piece -- so on the one hand, you had more COVID costs in
Snacks than we had in Meals & Beverages.

And the other piece that I saw kind of looking through the quarter, we had increased operating leverage
disproportionately within the M&B business driven by, obviously, much more volume than what we saw on
the Snacks side. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a sense of the dynamic there.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And just, Rob, a little more color. As you go then into the first quarter and into '21, we essentially are
modeling those COVID costs to be 50% or closer to Q3, I think.

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Yes. Basically more in line with...

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

More in line with...

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

I agree with that. Yes.

Operator

And we'll take our last question from John Baumgartner from Wells Fargo.

John Joseph Baumgartner
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Mark, I just wanted to build on Jason's question in that the Snyder's-Lance brands, I mean those tended
to overpromote relative to their categories in the past. And given the continued reductions in promo we're
seeing in conjunction with, I guess, limited moderation in base volume growth into Q1, I guess I'm just
curious, a, how do you feel about the ability to use an environment to sort of wean consumers off that
higher promo, especially if you're getting higher ROI in the marketing dollars? And then, b, to what extent
do you see the environment offering opportunities to maybe accelerate any sort of increase in the share of
your own brands as opposed to the allied or partner brands?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, as I've said a couple of times before, I think what's unique about our Snacks business is
the differentiated position that we're in, in the sense that we tend to play in a little more added-value
segments within larger categories. And I think that, that does position us to be in a position where we
should be less dependent on merchandising and promotion.

I think the reality is though on something, for example, like Snyder's of Hanover and the pretzel business,
it's a very competitive segment, as it is in Kettle chips right now as well. So I think one of the things we
learned last year, if you remember, turning back the clock actually all the way back to '19, our ability to
get to the right price points on promotion, just given the nature of snacking, the right level of frequency,
will always be an important underpinning to execution in Snacks. But I think that if you pair that then with
where we've really been building added value as it relates to the equity of the businesses, as we've turned
campaigns back on, especially on the Snyder's businesses, we've been able to see continued progress.

Let me point to late July as a great example. First national campaign that we've ever turned on or had
on, on the business, we turned that on in the fourth quarter. That business grew 30% on a 52-week basis
and share gains of over 1 point in a fairly contested tortilla chip segment. But because of the premium
positioning relative to late July, great communication, we could do that in a way where we were able to
achieve that without necessarily having to drop down into the price points that more mainstream players
have. So that's the balancing act we're trying to walk.

And I think if we get that formula right, as we have on brands like Milano and Farmhouse and on
Pepperidge Farm even Goldfish, although that one's -- again, you've got a very habitual program calendar
for Goldfish that when we see -- when that deviates, that does put pressure on the business. But as we
get back into normality on that as we roll through the year, I think most of these businesses we're going
to be able to do trade in a more efficient way than perhaps history. But we still got to have enough there
that we remain competitive on display and making sure that we recognize what's happening around us
competitively.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today's conference. I'd now like to turn the
conference back over to Mark Clouse for any closing remarks.

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, everybody, for joining. I hope you're appreciating the new format. I think we will kind of stick
with this where we try to publish our comments earlier and give people a chance to kind of digest and
read through and then focus our time together in Q&A when we're on the call.

I know there's a lot to digest in this. I know it's a tricky time, too. We've certainly tried to build as much
conviction and, I guess, credibility and being as transparent as we can to give the information as we get
it and give perspective. Of course, that always creates a little bit of a dynamic that we need to make sure
that we're updating it as we go, and we will.

I think as we navigate this year, we'll try to make sure that as we see things change or as capacity or
demand moves, we'll be as upfront as possible. I don't know that, that translates. And I don't think it will
to quarterly guidance each time, but we'll certainly try to keep everybody as informed as we can be.

And I just would close with something that I talked about in my comments, which is if you take a step
back and you take stock on where the company is right now and you say, okay, where a year ago, where
were we expecting to be? And how do we feel about navigating this kind of moment in time? I have to say
that across the board, strategically, I see tremendous benefit that we've been able to extract from a tough
moment. And I think that, that is going to set us up very well for the future.

And if I think about, again, not perhaps the peaks and the valleys of the near term, but the longer-term
view of what the thesis of the company is, I have just built significantly more confidence. And I think
as you see our 2-year stack numbers together, I think that's going to provide further evidence of our
progress against where we originally set out. And I think in particular, what we've talked about on soup
and the conviction around soup to be not only what we needed it to be, which was a stable player, but
with the potential for it to be a more steady contributor along with great progress on our Snacks business,
again, I think, gives us the benefit of being a very focused portfolio, a very straightforward strategy and
now with a great deal more proof points of our ability to sustain performance going forward.

So hopefully, that helps give you a little bit of perspective. I know we mixed a bit of Investor Day stuff
along with earnings into today, but I thought it was a good moment to try to talk a little bit about where
we are in that strategic journey because I know it's top of mind for many of your investors.

So I appreciate everybody's time and questions. I know we'll talk to many later today, and we'll try to
make sure you've got everything that you need to put the results in context and the guidance going
forward. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you
may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

