Campbell Soup Company NYSE:CPB
FQ4 2020 Pre Recorded Earnings Call 
Transcripts
Thursday, September 03, 2020 12:00 AM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.60

Revenue  (mm)

2074.16

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Sep-01-2020 5:48 AM GMT

5.00

1.63

0.89

2.89

2.98

2280.92

8262.32

8304.09

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

0.41

0.71

0.66

0.77

0.60

0.42

0.86

0.72

0.84

-

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2.44 %

21.13 %

9.09 %

9.09 %

**

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

** Error while rendering estimates data.

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

3

4

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

 
CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

Rebecca Gardy
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Presentation

Rebecca Gardy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning and welcome to Campbell's Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2020 Earnings Presentation.
I'm Rebecca Gardy, Vice President of Investor Relations.

As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find these slides posted on
our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. In addition to this earnings presentation,
we will host an analyst Q&A only session later this morning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern. A replay of the webcast
and a transcript of this earnings presentation as well as of the Q&A session will also be available on the
website at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com.

As part of our remarks this morning, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current
expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are
subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 3 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual
results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements.

Because we use non-GAAP measures to describe our business performance, we have provided a
reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which is included in the
appendix of this presentation and will be posted to the IR section of our website as part of the transcript of
today's call.

On Slide 4, you can see our agenda. You will hear from Mark Clouse, Campbell's President and CEO; and
Mick Beekhuizen, Chief Financial Officer. Mark will share his thoughts on our performance in the quarter
and on the year and Mick will then walk through the financial details and share our outlook for the first
quarter of fiscal 2021.

And with that, let me turn it over to Mark. Mark?

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Rebecca. As we continue to navigate the COVID-19 crisis, we hope all of you listening today and
your families are staying safe and healthy. Our thoughts remain with all those impacted during these
challenging times.

Our most important responsibility is to take care of our people. Ensuring their health, safety and
well-being continues to be our highest priority. We also remain focused and committed to helping the
communities where our people live and work. Our support, both financially and in food donations to
Campbell's hometowns across North America now stands at $6 million since the onset of the pandemic.

Before I review our financial results, I must once again express my deepest gratitude, pride and
appreciation for the extraordinary performance across Campbell, starting with our frontline teams. We
have been operating in this challenging environment for 6 months and our teams continue to exhibit
determination, commitment and resilience. They have adapted to heightened safety protocols to get our
products to customers and consumers across North America and they have been there for one another
and for their communities.

I am also sincerely thankful for our sales team and the close partnerships with our customers during
these uncertain times. I truly believe the level of collaboration and transparency that has been displayed
during this difficult and complicated period will create an environment for continuing to build and grow our
businesses together well into the future.

Finally, I'd like to thank our headquarters team for demonstrating such tremendous commitment and
passion in supporting the business and our teams in the field. I'm so proud of how they have adapted to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

not only a virtual work environment, but also the way in which they have found new and more efficient
ways to work.

Now let's turn to our performance. Campbell's simplified focused strategy and commitment to improving
our execution served us very well as we faced the unprecedented challenges of the pandemic. Our fiscal
year was separated into 2 distinct halves.

We began the year focused on strengthening our portfolio of powerhouse brands. We completed our
planned divestitures while we substantially reduced our outstanding debt. We kicked off our Win in Soup
turnaround plans. And we drove a new operating model to optimize growth and profitability. Our business
was progressing on a steady, positive trajectory in the first half with solid performances across both
divisions. Within Meals and Beverages, both soup volume and dollar share grew for 2 consecutive quarters
and we delivered continued growth in Snacks in the first half of the year.

And then March ushered in challenges few could have fully anticipated. But I am incredibly proud of
the agility and commitment of our teams in adapting to the uncertainty brought on by COVID-19. Our
operational and commercial teams have positively responded to the extraordinary demand caused by
the pandemic, driven by a major shift in consumer behavior toward eating at home with a resurgence
of cooking simple meals and increased snacking occasions. The impact of these consumer changes was
evident in the results that we reported in the third quarter and again in the fourth quarter results we're
reporting today.

In the fourth quarter, we delivered growth in all key metrics with double-digit increases in organic sales,
adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS. Organic net sales increased 12%, resulting from strong performance
across both of our segments. As a reminder, the organic net sales growth excludes the 8 point positive
impact from the additional week in the quarter and a 2 point negative impact from the sale of our
European chips business.

As it did last quarter, our in-market performance grew across both the Meals and Beverages and Snacks
divisions. In measured channels, our total company in-market consumption increased 22%, with
double-digit consumption increases across most of the portfolio. Comparing relevant apples-to-apples
consumption and net sales numbers, consumption growth was about 2 points above net sales, reflecting
isolated softness in unmeasured channels and select inventory depletion on Snacks, partially mitigated by
some inventory recovery in Meals and Beverages, especially on soup.

Share results were mixed in certain categories as we navigated some previously discussed supply
challenges to keep up with demand. We expect to continue navigating this situation through the first
quarter of fiscal 2021, but also see opportunity for further inventory replenishment throughout the first
half as retailers are working hard to ensure shelves and inventories are fully replenished. We feel confident
that as we move into the critical soup season, we will be well positioned to support consumer demand and
our retailers' needs and have a more positive share outlook.

In the quarter, we also advanced on other key business metrics and strategic plan initiatives, including
190 basis point adjusted gross margin expansion. And we generated $45 million of enterprise cost savings
in the quarter, which reflects initiatives from our multiyear enterprise program and synergies from our
Snacks integration. With the strong increase in net sales and improved gross margin, adjusted EBIT
increased 22% despite a significant uptick in the rate of marketing investments and COVID-19-related
expenses across both divisions in the fourth quarter. These results helped to drive adjusted EPS up 50% to
$0.63 per share.

As discussed last quarter, we are very focused on household penetration as we make every effort to retain
the new households and younger consumers who have purchased our brands through the pandemic. We
remain very encouraged by the retention of these new consumers and are pleased with our decision to
continue to invest to strengthen our brand equity and increase relevance, even where we may have supply
challenges.

In fact, we increased household penetration across most key brands. Total household penetration
remained up 4 points for the company versus a year ago in the quarter with strong, sustained repeat

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

of 71% in these new households. Those increases have been driven in part by the sustained consumer
behaviors we discussed in the third quarter, including more at-home meals in quick-scratch cooking,
online shopping, the evolution of the retail shelf and the continued consumer focus on value given the
challenging economic environment.

In our best view of the future, regardless of duration of the COVID-19 environment, we expect to retain
a sizeable portion of these households, driven by these sustained behaviors even as the environment
normalizes over time. The net of all of this is that we expect to be in a much more advantaged position
coming out of the pandemic than going in, which was already improving based on the progress we had
been making against our strategic plan.

Currently, the impact and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic remains uncertain and it is therefore
difficult to predict the full year outlook for fiscal 2021. That said, we are committed to being as
transparent as possible for investors. We are providing context for our thinking on full year fiscal 2021 and
more specific guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2021 based on that context. However, even in the first
quarter, there are many variables that make this difficult with both risks and opportunities. And I do want
to be clear that it is not our intention to move to quarterly guidance. Rather, it represents our desire to
provide as much visibility as possible. Each quarter, we will assess what we think is appropriate. Mick will
cover this in detail in a moment.

With that, let's turn to a more detailed discussion of our 2 segments.

There are very few businesses that were as in demand and positively impacted by COVID-19 than
our Meals and Beverages division. The strong fourth quarter results have fundamentally changed the
trajectory of the business and have created a unique moment to further accelerate our strategy of
returning relevance and growth to these iconic brands. In the fourth quarter, organic net sales increased
19% and operating profit was up 24%. These sales gains continued to be broad-based, primarily reflecting
gains in our U.S. soups, beverages, Prego, pasta and Canada. Our foodservice business, which only
represents approximately 5% of our total full year company sales, continued to face challenges with sales
declining in the quarter based on consumer trends previously discussed.

In-market dollar consumption grew 24% in the quarter, with strong double-digit consumption growth
across all core brands. Excluding the benefit of the additional week, our in-market consumption was up
approximately 15%. This sustained demand, along with gradual inventory recovery, did continue to put
pressure on our supply chain, resulting in some share erosion. We did see some inventory catch-up later
in the quarter as we added back SKUs that we had temporarily cut to maximize capacity and improved
inventory levels in soup, where we did ship ahead of consumption, as planned.

Marketing expense increased 115% versus prior year A&C more than doubled on a dollar basis as we
continued to lean into the opportunity to attract and retain new households. Although off a smaller
historical base spending level, more than half of the increased investment was focused on soup, including
Pacific Foods, which grew 45% in-market, including an approximate 11-point benefit from the additional
week, as we have now fully turned around this important business.

Over the entirety of fiscal 2020, the soup category grew more units than any other edible category, and
our wet soup growth was double that of total edibles. This is a long way from 2019. On this slide, you
can see the total soup sales growth was remarkable, up 52%, which includes an 11-point benefit of the
additional week in the quarter, driven primarily by the 30% increase in consumption, impacted by the
continued changes in consumer behaviors from COVID-19 as well as retailers replenishing some inventory
levels. We drove substantial sales gains on condensed, ready-to-serve and broth, including Pacific.
Consumers have gravitated to our trusted brands because of the quality, value, comfort and versatility
that our products deliver.

While our share performance was down in the quarter, it was driven by broth, which did not keep pace
with its category, primarily due to availability. Broth is an important area that we are continuing to focus
on by adding more additional co-manufacturing as well as increasing capital investment to unlock further
total soup production.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

We are also extremely pleased with our significant gains in household penetration while volume per
buyers remained elevated even in the summer. Soup household penetration increased over 5 percentage
points versus the same quarter last year. We gained 6.4 million households across all generations with
continued gains among the millennial cohort. Notably, these gains were most pronounced across our
condensed icon soup business, which was where we really increased investments around cooking, new
usage ideas and more summer recipes. We leveraged the momentum we garnered in the third quarter
and disproportionally invested in marketing messages with new, relevant ideas that would be especially
appealing to younger consumers. This has also contributed to strong repeat, and product is moving
through pantries even as we navigated through the summer months, setting up opportunity for stronger
replenishment as we head into the upcoming soup season.

As we discussed previously, innovation plays an important role in our plans. And although we may be a bit
behind our soup aisle of the future vision, given the COVID-19 impact on retail, we are certainly on track
to step up innovation on soup in fiscal 2021 to further accelerate relevance and continue to position our
soup business for sustained growth.

I want to acknowledge and commend the team who, despite the challenging operating environment in
fiscal 2020, did not take their foot off the gas on our innovation across our soup portfolio. For fiscal 2021,
we are focused on 3 major areas for innovation: First, strengthening our better-for-you offerings; next,
expanding our convenience platforms; and finally, beginning to broaden our kids-specific options. This
reflects the significant uptick in need for simple, in-home kids' lunches.

Better-for-you begins with the relaunch of our Well Yes! brand. This platform was first introduced in
January 2017. We've added to the platform with a range of highly relevant and successful sipping soups,
including 2 new flavors, this past fiscal year. We will now focus on the base business by further improving
the quality and taste of the food, completing a full packaging and marketing transformation and shifting to
more affordable pricing. We expect this will provide a far more attractive better-for-you option and a much
stronger competitive position to capture category growth and younger consumers.

Also within the better-for-you broth category, we are expanding our Swanson broth sipping line with 2 new
flavored varieties: Chinese spice and Moroccan. Sipping represents an incremental occasion for broth and
is expanding the Swanson equity. We expect this line to attract younger consumers, particularly millennials
and GenXers who value the ease and convenience of the sipping cup.

For our Pacific Foods brands, we will introduce 3 condensed soup varieties in a can, all of which are organic
and gluten free. As the trend of quick-scratch cooking continues to grow, these offerings will fit perfectly
for consumers who want to save time and add organic and nutritious ingredients to their meals. Our now
2-year effort to improve the health and wellness of our core condensed business and adding significant
new products has gone a long way in breaking down the historical barrier of health and relevance concerns
for canned soup.

We are also optimistic about the national launch of our Slow Kettle toppers line with 5 flavors. We've
tested this line at a national retailer and have found that it is bringing a new and younger consumer into
the soup aisle. This rounds out a compelling convenience section that we see as a new destination that will
be created in our soup aisle of the future.

Finally, within our core condensed and SpaghettiOs portfolio, we are seeing growth on our kids platforms
with a higher number of in-home lunches. We have a new SKU launching this soup season, a tomato
ABC variety that combines the popularity of our iconic tomato variety with the fun of alphabet pasta. We
continue to drive relevance with our kids soup line by featuring familiar faces, such as the always-popular
Disney princesses, along with one of Nickelodeon's hottest TV shows in Paw Patrol. In addition, we are
launching more permissible varieties of SpaghettiOs like new chicken meatballs and added veggies. As
we look ahead, we will continue to invest to bring new news in terms of products and flavors to our kids
platform.

As we head into fiscal 2021, it is a good moment to check our progress against our Win in Soup strategy.
We feel great about that progress. Although the environment has changed dramatically, we also have
been dynamic and nimble in our approach. The turnaround of the business and expansion of households

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

attracting younger consumers and improvements in Pacific Foods are all well ahead of pace. While share is
behind where we expected, we consider this capacity-driven and fully expect that to turn around in fiscal
2021. Our innovation, marketing, supply chain and investments are all on track, while shelf and packaging
is a bit behind as we have prioritized supply and keeping shelves full in the COVID-19 environment. We
expect to increase our focus in this area in fiscal 2021.

To stick with our full swing analogy, I'd say that we are well down the fairway. Admittedly, while we
benefited from some tailwinds off the tee, we have made the most of this moment with strong investment
and continued focus on innovation. And we are feeling great as we set up for a second shot in fiscal 2021.

In other parts of the division, we saw similar results continue into the fourth quarter. Prego maintained
its #1 share in the Italian sauce category for the 15th straight month as we saw gains in household
penetration in the quarter. Both Prego and Pace saw double-digit consumption gains. However, both also
experienced pressure on share, given supply challenges as we're trying to meet demand and recover retail
inventory levels.

V8 in Canada also performed well in the quarter. V8 experienced double-digit consumption growth with
gains in both multi-serve and single-serve products. Our Canadian business continued to perform well this
quarter and its results mirrored similar behavior to the U.S. All in all, great performance. And I'm very
proud of how our team materially advanced the execution of our strategic plan.

Let's next look at our Snacks segment. This was another strong quarter for the division as net sales
increased 11%. Excluding the additional week and the sale of the European chips business, organic net
sales increased 7%. Operating profit was flat versus previous year, with higher sales being offset by
COVID-19 cost and sustained increase in marketing investment. We see this margin dynamic as short
term in nature as we navigate higher COVID-related costs. As the year progresses, we expect to remain
on our planned path of margin expansion into fiscal 2021, consistent with the trends that we saw in full
year margin expansion in fiscal 2020.

In-market performance was elevated across the portfolio as our brands are well aligned to meet consumer
needs and current retail trends. The division delivered 21% consumption growth in the fourth quarter in
measured channels and growth across all 9 of our power brands. Excluding the additional week, our in-
market growth was 13%. The strongest performers included Milano, Late July and our Farmhouse brand.
This quarter, 6 of our 9 power brands grew or held share. We grew by more than 1 point across 3 of the
power brands with the strongest growth coming from Lance at 3.7 points and Late July at 1.3 points.

However, we did see some limited share challenges also in Snacks, due principally to supply constraints.
On the Snacks business, our net sales number lagged consumption primarily due to lower growth in our
nonmeasured channels, specifically in convenience store and vending, as well as some retail inventory
reduction. We have already taken action. For example, as previously discussed, on Goldfish, we have
added nearly 20% more capacity to our supply as we head into back-to-school. We also have additional
supply coming online for our Cape Cod and Kettle brands in the first half of fiscal 2021.

We are also very focused on household penetration for our snacking brands with increases across 8 of our
9 power brands in the fourth quarter. We significantly increased our marketing investment in Snacks in
the quarter to fuel these efforts with a year-over-year increase of 38% as we doubled down to retain new
consumers and support our power brands. Our investment reflects a combination of live TV, online and
streaming video, along with key media sponsorships.

I'm also very proud of our Snacks team for continuing to drive innovation, which is so critical in the
snacking category. We launched all our planned innovation for fiscal 2020 and are on track to deliver fiscal
2021 innovation with no delays, even as we continue to operate within the constraints of COVID-19. I'm
pleased with the performance we're seeing on some of the innovation that I discussed previously, such as
Snyder's of Hanover Pretzel rounds and Twisted Sticks as well as our Late July organic potato chips. These
products are demonstrating positive signs on repeat and steady velocity growth.

In addition, in the fourth quarter, we launched a new line of Farmhouse breads called Breakfast Breads.
These soft, thick-cut slices of bread rich with whole grains and fruits come in 3 varieties and are ideal for

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

stay-at-home or on-the-go breakfast. They were developed pre-COVID-19, but were scaled up using the
same tale-tasting capability we mentioned last quarter.

Next quarter, I look forward to sharing our exciting plans for fiscal 2021 Snacks innovation, which will roll
out in the second quarter.

Let's finish our discussion on Snacks with a review of our progress against integration and value capture.
We continue to remain on plan to deliver the value-capture synergies that we initially outlined as part of
our acquisition of Snyder's-Lance. The team continues to do an outstanding job adjusting elements of the
integration plan in response to COVID-19, and I continue to be very pleased with the consistent progress
of the integration of the business and teams despite the outsized impact on costs associated with the
pandemic.

In conclusion, I'm confident in our plan to continue to unlock the growth potential of this unique and
differentiated portfolio. The business, which represents about half of our annual sales, continued to
perform well and fulfill its portfolio role of sustained growth.

As we navigate this unprecedented period of remarkable growth, I hear one question rather consistently:
Are these the best days we can expect from Campbell? My short answer is no. Although we clearly have
some unique onetime drivers in the second half of fiscal 2020 that created fairly historic growth numbers,
the collective progress we have made strategically, the unique investments that have been enabled and
the lasting consumer trends we are experiencing, I believe, places us in a highly advantaged position as
we emerge from this pandemic period whenever that may be.

First, strategically, we added millions of new households. And even if the retention of those new
consumers is modest, it will still fuel substantial incremental growth to our originally planned trajectory. In
particular, it has added significant confidence around, perhaps, our biggest strategic question, which has
been our ability to stabilize and build relevance around our soup business.

Second, we have also been able to maximize cash flow and investment during this period, adding
significant incremental cash and profit to help reduce debt, build our brands and improve efficiency. Even
as we expect profit and cash flow to normalize over time, the incremental benefit of this period has been
significant. In addition, I think this operating environment is creating opportunities to evaluate future
efficiency as we learn from these last 6 months.

Finally, as we anticipate the return to normality, we do not believe this will undo the experience,
capabilities and preferences consumers have developed, like a resurgence of quick-scratch cooking and
expanded snacking, both spaces where our brands play such a critical role.

While there still is much to prove, and the environment remains extremely volatile, our more focused
North American business, a brand portfolio in highly relevant categories, our relentless pursuit of
executional excellence and now with the acceleration of our strategic plans, we are very well positioned for
the future.

With that, let me turn it over to Mick for a deeper dive on our financial results and segment performance.

Mick J. Beekhuizen
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Mark. As Mark shared, our fourth quarter results were significantly impacted by the COVID-19
pandemic. Our net sales increased as demand remained elevated throughout the quarter and we
continued to invest in our brands. At the same time, we were able to more than offset incremental
COVID-19-related costs, resulting in gross margin expansion and strong EBIT and EPS growth. Finally, we
generated significant operating cash flow and divestiture proceeds in fiscal 2020, enabling us to reduce our
leverage and achieve our original target of 3x adjusted EBITDA a year earlier than originally anticipated
while we continued to invest in the business and maintain our dividend.

For the fourth quarter, we delivered total top line organic growth of 12% compared to the prior year.
Organic net sales for Meals and Beverages increased 19% for the quarter, driven by double-digit gains

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

across a majority of our retail brands. In Snacks, we delivered organic net sales growth of 7%, driven by
gains in 8 of our 9 power brands and our fresh bakery product.

We are pleased with our adjusted gross margin improvement, stemming primarily from the benefits of
supply chain productivity improvements and cost-saving initiatives, mark-to-market gains on outstanding
commodity hedges, improved operating leverage and favorable product mix; offset partially by higher
supply chain costs related to COVID-19 and moderate cost inflation.

The combination of strong top line growth and gross margin improvement, combined with continued
investment in our brands, resulted in 22% adjusted EBIT growth in the quarter. Year-over-year adjusted
EPS growth was 50% for the quarter, reflecting our strong adjusted EBIT performance and the benefit of
lower net interest expense as a result of successful deleveraging.

Looking at the full year, I'm pleased with the financial results for fiscal 2020. We grew the top line 7%,
which, combined with gross margin expansion, resulted in adjusted EBIT growth of 14% and adjusted EPS
growth of 28% while we continued to invest in the business.

I'll now review our fourth quarter results in more detail, provide a perspective regarding fiscal 2021 and
guidance for the first quarter.

For the fourth quarter, reported net sales increased 18%. Organic net sales, which exclude the impact
from the additional week in the quarter and the impact of the sale of the European chips business,
increased 12%, driven by volume growth in both Meals and Beverages and Snacks, reflecting increased
demand for our broad portfolio of products. Adjusted EBIT increased 22% to $307 million as higher sales
volumes, including the benefit of the additional week and improved adjusted gross margin performance,
were partially offset by increased marketing investment and higher administrative expenses. Adjusted EPS
from continuing operations increased by 50% or $0.21 and to $0.63 per share, reflecting an increase in
adjusted EBIT as well as lower net interest expense and a lower adjusted effective tax rate.

For the full year, net sales increased 7%. Organic sales, which exclude the additional week in the quarter
and the impact from the sale of the European chips business, also increased 7% from the prior year,
driven by gains in both Meals and Beverages and Snacks. Adjusted EBIT increased 14% to $1.45 billion,
reflecting higher sales volume including the benefit of the additional week, improved gross margin
performance, offset partially by increased marketing investment. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations
increased by 28% or $0.65 to $2.95 per share, reflecting the increase in adjusted EBIT and lower adjusted
net interest expense.

Breaking down our net sales performance for the quarter. Organic net sales were up 12%. This
performance was driven by the 12 point gain in volume with growth across most of our retail brands,
offset partially by declines in our foodservice business. The additional week in the quarter added 8 points
and the divestiture of the European chips business negatively impacted net sales in the quarter by 2
points. The impact from currency translation in the quarter was neutral. All in, our reported net sales were
up 18% from the prior year.

Our adjusted gross margin increased by 190 basis points in the quarter to 35.6%. Favorable product
mix, which drove a 70 basis point improvement in our adjusted gross margin, was largely driven by the
increased contribution from our soup products within our Meals and Beverages segment. Additionally, in
order to optimize our supply chain output, we continued to prioritize production of certain SKUs within
both divisions. Separately, we're estimating an 80 basis point gross margin improvement from better
operating leverage within our supply chain network as we significantly increased our overall production.

Net pricing was neutral in the quarter. Inflation and other factors had a negative impact of 210 basis
points due to increased supply chain costs driven by COVID-19, such as increased labor and sanitation
costs; and cost inflation as overall input prices on a rate basis increased approximately 1.5%, partially
offset by mark-to-market gains on outstanding commodity hedges.

The negative impact from the incremental COVID related expenses and inflation was offset partially by
our ongoing supply chain productivity program which contributed 160 basis points. This program includes,
among others, initiatives around logistics optimization and ingredient sourcing. And our cost-savings

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

program, which is incremental to our ongoing supply chain productivity program, added 90 basis points
to our gross margin expansion. This program includes benefits of various initiatives, such as last year's
closure of our manufacturing facility in Toronto, Ontario, and benefit from the ongoing integration of
Snyder's-Lance.

All in, our adjusted gross margin for the quarter was 35.6%. We are pleased with these gross margin
results as we continued to achieve improvement in performance.

Moving on to other operating items. Adjusted marketing and selling expenses increased 37% in the
quarter to $265 million. This increase was basically driven by our planned increased investment in
advertising and consumer promotion, or A&C, expenses, which is up 101% versus a year ago.

In Meals and Beverages, the investments reflected greater emphasis on our iconic soup varieties to drive
usage, inspire meal solutions and build brand awareness, particularly amongst younger households. Recall
that the fourth quarter is typically the lowest in terms of soup sales and related marketing spend. And
accordingly, the significant increase this quarter was relative to a smaller base in the prior year. In Snacks,
our increased investment in our power brands this quarter followed the typical seasonal cadence, albeit
elevated, as we sought to retain new households and support our power brands in the strong current
demand environment.

Adjusted administrative expenses increased $30 million or 22% and to $169 million, with approximately
half of the increase driven by the estimated impact of the additional week in the quarter on general
administrative costs. The balance of the increase reflects increases in charitable contributions, higher
incentive compensation accruals and higher benefit costs, offset partially by the benefits from cost-savings
initiatives.

Going to the next slide. As I mentioned earlier, we continued to successfully deliver against our multiyear
enterprise cost savings program. This quarter, we achieved $45 million in savings, inclusive of Snyder's-
Lance synergies. Full year fiscal 2020 savings were $165 million, which was ahead of our expectations.
To date, that brings our savings for the overall program to $725 million. We continue to track to our
cumulative savings target of $850 million by the end of fiscal 2022.

To help tie this all together, we are providing an adjusted EBIT bridge to highlight the key drivers of
performance this quarter. As discussed, adjusted EBIT grew by 22%. This was largely driven by the
increase in demand for our products, with sales volume gains contributing $111 million of EBIT growth.
The overall adjusted gross margin expansion of 190 basis points, contributed $40 million of EBIT growth,
which was more than offset by higher adjusted marketing and selling expenses of $71 million, reflecting
our planned investments in A&C; and higher adjusted administrative expenses of $30 million. The impact
from adjusted other income was nominal. Our adjusted EBIT margin increased year-over-year by 40 basis
points to 14.6%.

The following chart breaks down our adjusted EPS growth between our operating performance and below
the line items. Adjusted EPS increased $0.21 a from $0.42 in the prior year quarter to $0.63 per share.
Adjusted EBIT had a positive $0.14 impact on EPS. Net interest expense declined year-over-year by $24
million, delivering a $0.06 positive impact to EPS as we have used proceeds from completed divestitures
and our strong cash flow to reduce debt.

And lastly, our adjusted effective tax rate of 22.3% led to a positive $0.03 impact to EPS, completing the
bridge to $0.63 per share. The effect of the additional week in fiscal 2020 was approximately $0.04 per
share.

Now turning to each of our segments. In Meals and Beverages, organic net sales increased 19% in the
fourth quarter, reflecting growth across our U.S. retail business, including soups, V8 beverages, Prego
pasta sauces, Campbell's pasta as well as growth in Canada, offset partially by declines in foodservice.
Volumes within our retail business grew principally due to increased food purchases for at-home
consumption, offset partially by a decline in our foodservice business as a result of shifts in consumer
behavior and continued COVID-19-related restrictions. Compared to prior year, net sales of U.S. soups

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

increased 52%, including an 11-point benefit from the additional week with growth in condensed soups,
ready-to-serve soups and broth.

Operating earnings for Meals and Beverages increased 24% to $184 million. The increase was primarily
driven by sales volume growth, including the benefit of the additional week and an improved gross
margin, offset partially by increased marketing investments and higher administrative expenses. The gross
margin increase was driven by the benefit of supply chain productivity improvements and cost-saving
initiatives, as well as improved operating leverage and favorable mix, partially offset by higher supply
chain costs related to COVID-19 and cost inflation.

For the full year, Meals and Beverages delivered organic net sales growth of 8%, driven by gains in the
U.S. retail business, including double-digit gains in U.S. soups, including Pacific, gains in Prego pasta
sauces and V8 beverages as well as gains in Canada, partially offset by declines in foodservice. Segment
operating earnings increased 10%, driven by sales volume growth, including the benefit of the additional
week and an improved gross margin, partially offset by the increased marketing support and higher
administrative expenses.

Within Snacks, organic net sales increased 7% in the fourth quarter, driven primarily by volume growth,
reflecting elevated demand of food purchases for at-home consumption as well as strong base velocity
growth. These sales results reflect growth in fresh bakery products, Pepperidge Farm cookies, Late July
snacks, Goldfish crackers and Snyder's of Hanover pretzels as well as Kettle brand and Cape Cod potato
chips.

Operating earnings for Snacks were comparable to the prior year and $136 million. Sales volume gains,
including the benefits of the additional week, were offset by increased marketing investments and lower
gross margin performance. Gross margin performance declined in the quarter as the benefits of cost-
savings initiatives and supply chain productivity improvements as well as favorable product mix and
improved operating leverage were more than offset by higher supply chain costs related to COVID-19 and
cost inflation.

For the full year, organic net sales growth on Snacks was 6%, driven by gains in Goldfish crackers,
Pepperidge Farm cookies and fresh bakery products as well as Kettle brand and Cape Cod potato chips,
Late July snacks and Snyder's of Hanover Pretzels. Segment operating earnings increased 6%, driven by
sales volume growth, including a benefit of the additional week and improved gross margin performance
on the full year, partially offset by increased marketing investment.

I'll now turn to our cash flow, liquidity and capital allocation priorities. Cash flow from operations through
2020 was $1.4 billion, comparable to the prior year as changes in working capital were basically offset
by higher cash earnings and lower other cash payments. Cash from investing activities increased by $2.1
billion, driven by the net proceeds from our divested businesses.

The cash outlay for capital expenditures was $299 million, $85 million lower than the prior year and in
line with our previously communicated full year expectation, although slightly lower than anticipated at
the beginning of the year, primarily reflecting delays in certain projects impacting by the current operating
environment. Cash outflows for financing activities were $3 billion compared to $1.6 billion a year ago.
The year-over-year incremental cash outflow reflects the use of divestiture proceeds to pay down debt.
Dividends paid in the amount of $426 million were comparable to the prior year, reflecting our current
quarterly dividend of $0.35 per share.

As we updated you last quarter, we had made significant progress to delever our balance sheet, ending
net debt of $5.3 billion as of the fourth quarter declined by approximately $3.1 billion in fiscal 2020 as
proceeds from completed divestitures along with positive cash flow generated by the business were used
to reduce our debt. Our leverage ratio, which represents net debt to a trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA
from continuing operations, is now at 3x. Notably, we were able to achieve this targeted leverage ratio 12
months earlier than anticipated.

We ended the year with cash and cash equivalents of $859 million, aided in part by the $1 billion bond
issuance completed in the third quarter. Our capital priorities remain unchanged as we will continue to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

strategically invest for growth in our business, including expanding capacity, such as we did with Goldfish
recently at our Willard plant in Ohio, while maintaining our quarterly dividend. And while we will continue
to reduce our debt, we may now also selectively start to explore strategic tuck-in acquisitions within our
categories.

As we look to fiscal 2021, the continuing effect of COVID-19 creates a volatile operating environment,
making it difficult to provide a full year outlook at this time with sufficient certainty. However, I will provide
some context as to how we view fiscal 2021 and how that view informs our first quarter fiscal 2021
guidance.

First off, while we operate in an uncertain environment, we will continue to focus on strong execution,
which includes the continued investment and support of our brands, execution within the supply chain to
meet the demand, and a continued focus on cost savings. More specifically, based on what we know now,
we expect cost inflation within our supply chain to largely be offset by the continued productivity savings
across the network. Additionally, we will continue to focus on our overall cost savings program, which
includes enterprise- and value capture-related cost savings initiatives.

From a demand perspective, based on the current environment, we expect demand to remain elevated
during the first half, although moderating from Q4 fiscal 2020, given a continued but decelerating tailwind
from COVID-19 and the fact that many COVID-19-impacted products, like soup, have larger comparable
bases as we head into the fall and winter.

Although we are making steady progress, the continued pressure to fully meet demand and full inventory
replenishment within our supply chain will likely moderate the full upside in the first half. We also expect
continued COVID-19-related costs, but at a moderated level compared to the fourth quarter as we
improve efficiency and more effectively plan the business.

Moving on to the second half of fiscal 2021, and assuming a transition to a more normal environment,
we will be lapping the significant pantry-load and onetime effect that COVID-19 had on our business
in the second half of fiscal 2020. We are making every effort to mitigate that impact by retaining new
households, sustaining consumer behaviors and new product innovation. Nonetheless, we do expect net
sales to decline given the significant onetime nature of last year's growth. In the back half of fiscal 2021,
as we lap this past year's COVID-19-related costs, we expect to have opportunity, although we expect
those gains are not likely to fully offset the impact from volume declines.

Finally, a couple of specific items for fiscal 2021. As previously mentioned, we expect continued progress
on our cost-savings program and expect to deliver an incremental $75 million to $85 million in fiscal 2021,
keeping us on track to deliver $850 million by fiscal 2022. Additionally, we expect net interest expense
of $215 million to $220 million, which is lower compared to fiscal 2020, given the lower debt levels.
Additionally, we expect an adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 24%, largely in line with fiscal
2020.

As I previously mentioned regarding our capital priorities, we expect to continue to invest in the business,
targeting capital expenditures of approximately $350 million as we continue to support cost savings
initiatives and position the company for future growth. While we do not intend to provide quarterly
guidance going forward, we are providing the following first quarter fiscal 2021 guidance in the spirit of
transparency. In the short term, some of the key variables we're focused on include current trends in
demand, such as consumer behavior during the back-to-school period and the ability of our supply chain
to continue to service elevated order levels.

Within the context I just outlined, for the first quarter of fiscal 2021, we expect year-over-year growth in
net sales of 5% to 7%, growth in adjusted EBIT of 6% to 9% and adjusted EPS growth of 13% to 18% or
$0.88 to $0.92 per share.

In closing, our fourth quarter results were a strong finish to an exceptional year. I'm proud of the focused
execution by the teams throughout the organization amidst such uncertain and trying times. Overall, we
ended the year with strong momentum on our strategic plan.

I will now turn it back over to Mark.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Mark A. Clouse
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Mick. As we just reviewed, fiscal 2020 was a year like no other in recent memory and an
exceptional year of performance for Campbell. And we've already jumped right into fiscal 2021.

I thought a good discipline from last year was to provide our key proof points or milestones that help
frame our priorities for fiscal 2021 and help keep everyone aligned to what is working and what is not. Key
metrics to measure our progress going forward include: Retention of new households, returning to positive
soup shares, sustained progress on snacks and better contribution from innovation are all key areas of
focus on our growth agenda. This growth will be supported by continued value capture and Snacks margin,
closely managing COVID-19 cost and key capital initiatives. Still most important, we will be continuing
to prioritize the safety and well being of our people and investing to expand our capabilities to meet the
evolving consumer and retail environment.

Thank you for your time this morning, Rebecca, over to you.

Rebecca Gardy
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Mark. This concludes our prepared remarks. Our live Q&A call will begin at 8:30 a.m. Eastern this
morning.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY FQ4 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

