Capital One Financial Corporation 

NYSE:COF
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 22, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.07

5.05

Revenue  (mm)

6696.54

7381.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-22-2020 3:12 PM GMT

143.96

10.22

1.61

(1.32)

7.54

6870.60

27368.56

28269.11

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

2.35

1.02

(1.54)

2.07

2.49

(3.02)

(1.61)

5.05

SURPRISE

5.96 %

NM

NM

143.96 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO &
President

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Brian D. Foran
Autonomous Research LLP

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Capital One Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank
you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir,
you may begin.

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Thanks very much, Keith, and welcome, everybody, to Capital One's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet,
please log in to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the
press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our third quarter 2020 results.

With me virtually today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;
and Mr. Scott Blackley, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Scott will walk you through this
presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's
website. Click on investors and click on quarterly earnings release.

Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding
Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion
and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One
does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ
materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors,
please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the
Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed
with the SEC.

Now I'll turn the call over to Scott.

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start on Slide 3 of today's presentation, where you can see
Capital One earned $2.4 billion or $5.06 per diluted common share in the third quarter. Included in EPS for
the quarter were 3 adjusting items, which are outlined on the slide. Net of these adjusting items, earnings
per share in the quarter was $5.05 per share.

In addition to the adjusting items, we had a couple notable items in the quarter. We recorded a gain of
$470 million or $0.79 per share related to an equity stake in Snowflake, which recently priced its initial
public offering. We also recorded a $327 million or $0.54 per share allowance release associated with
moving a partnership card portfolio to held for sale.

Turning to Slide 4. I will cover the quarterly allowance moves in more detail. Excluding the held-for-sale
transfer, we released $390 million of allowance for the total company in the third quarter, mostly driven
by a smaller balance sheet. In our allowance, we continue to assume no benefits from further government
stimulus beyond any residual impacts of prior legislation and a correspondingly severe economic outlook
with targeted qualitative factors for specific areas of uncertainty. We assume we end this year at a 9.7%
unemployment rate, improving to around 8% by the end of 2021.

Turning to Slide 5. You can see that allowance coverage levels were essentially flat as allowance releases
were commensurate with contractions in our card and commercial loan portfolios. Our consumer banking
coverage ratio declined modestly to 4% from 4.3%, mostly driven by a release in our auto finance
allowance, which was driven by updated auction price assumptions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Moving to Slide 6. I'll discuss our liquidity position. You can see our preliminary average liquidity coverage
ratio during the third quarter was 147%, up from 146% at the end of the second quarter and well above
the 100% regulatory requirement. Our liquidity reserves from cash, securities and Federal Home Loan
Bank capacity is largely flat to last quarter of $148 billion, including about $44 billion in cash driven by
continued inflows of consumer deposits.

Turning to Slide 7. You can see that our net interest margin declined 10 basis points quarter-over-quarter.
This decline was driven by higher average cash in the quarter, the effects of investment securities and
lower average card balances. In the quarter, we purchased securities to manage down a portion of our
excess cash balance, resulting in a quarter-over-quarter decline in ending cash of approximately $12
billion. Given the low rate environment, we also saw our premium amortization expense increase due to
increased prepayments on our mortgage-backed securities, driving a 5 basis point net interest margin
decline relative to last quarter. Looking forward, our net interest margin will depend on how the impacts
of this downturn in any future stimulus play out across our balance sheet including asset mix, deposit
balances and pricing and our cash position.

Lastly, turning to Slide 8. I will cover our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 13%
at the end of the third quarter, up 60 basis points from the second quarter. We expect to maintain our
$0.10 dividend for the quarter. Our decision is mainly driven by the fact that we are in the midst of our
CCAR resubmission. We continue to accrete capital, and we expect to reassess our common stock dividend
after we receive the Fed's feedback on our CCAR resubmission. We recognize the capital distribution, both
dividends and share repurchases, is an important component of shareholder return.

Turning to preferred stock issuances in the quarter. We issued a new series of preferred stock as we expect
to redeem our outstanding preferred stock Series F in the fourth quarter. This redemption will result in
a onetime charge that will reduce net income available to common shareholders by approximately $17
million in the fourth quarter of 2020. Following the redemption of Series F, beginning in Q1 of next year,
we expect quarterly preferred dividends to be about $60 million, barring any future issuances or other
redemption activity.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Rich. Rich?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Scott. I'll begin on Slide 10, which summarizes results for our credit card business. Year-over-
year, credit card loan balances, purchase volume and revenue declined in the third quarter driven by the
impacts of the pandemic. The biggest driver of quarterly results was the provision for credit losses, which
improved significantly compared to both the prior year and linked quarters.

Credit card segment results are a function of our domestic card results and trends, which are shown on
Slide 11. Consumer behavior was a key driver of domestic card results in the third quarter. In the current
environment, consumers continue to behave cautiously, spending less, saving more and paying down
debt. These behaviors are amplified by the cumulative effects of stimulus and widespread forbearance
across the banking industry. We're seeing the effects of cautious consumer behavior across several key
businesses results, including pressure on spending and higher payments rates resulting in declining loan
balances.

But this cautious behavior is also a key driver of the most impactful domestic card headline in the
quarter, strikingly strong credit results. We posted exceptional credit performance in the third quarter,
especially in the context of the pandemic. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 3.64%, a 48 basis point
improvement year-over-year and an 89 basis point improvement from the sequential quarter. The 30-plus
delinquency rate at quarter end was 2.21%, 150 basis points better than the prior year. The linked quarter
improvement in the delinquency rate was 53 basis points, even though the typical seasonal pattern is a 50
-- excuse me, a 40 basis point increase.

In addition to positive impacts from cautious consumers, stimulus and widespread forbearance, our credit
performance is benefiting from resilience choices we made before the downturn began, including our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

avoidance of high balance revolvers and caution on credit lines. Our own domestic card forbearance is not
a significant driver of credit performance because enrollment is low. We provided updated information on
domestic card forbearance on appendix Slide 17.

Purchase volume is rebounding from the sharp declines early in the pandemic. Third quarter purchase
volume was down just 1% from the prior year quarter. That compares to a year-over-year decline of about
15% in the second quarter and about 30% in the first weeks of the pandemic. By late September and
through the first half of October, year-over-year purchase volume growth was modestly positive. Despite
the rebound, purchase volume growth is still down compared to the double-digit growth we were seeing
before the pandemic.

In the third quarter, domestic card ending loan balances shrank by $9.1 billion or 9% year-over-year.
Average loans declined 6% year-over-year. On a linked quarter basis, both ending and average loans were
down 4%. Cautious consumer behavior drove the declines. Our choices to tighten underwriting and pull
back on marketing early in the pandemic were also a factor.

Ending loan balances include the impact of 2 notable factors. We moved $2.1 billion of partnership loans
to held for sale in the quarter, as Scott mentioned, which adds to both year-over-year and linked quarter
declines. And of course, we added the Walmart portfolio last year, which offset the year-over-year decline
but has no impact on the linked quarter. Excluding both the move to held for sale and the Walmart
portfolio acquisition, third quarter ending loans declined about 13% from the prior year quarter and about
2% from the linked quarter.

Third quarter revenue decreased 6% year-over-year, in line with average loans. The revenue margin was
up 7 basis points from the third quarter of 2019 to 16.2%. Noninterest expense was down $274 million
or 13% from the third quarter of last year largely driven by our choice to pull back on marketing when
the pandemic hit. While total company marketing in the third quarter was essentially flat compared to
the second quarter, domestic card marketing increased -- and domestic card marketing increased from
unusually low levels with most of the increase weighted toward the end of the quarter. Looking ahead,
we expect a significant sequential increase in total company marketing in the fourth quarter powered
by the normal Q3 to Q4 seasonal ramp plus the full quarter effect of the increases in domestic card. As
always, actual marketing in the fourth quarter and longer term will depend on our real-time assessment of
opportunities for resilient growth in the competitive marketplace.

Third quarter provision for credit losses improved by $632 million year-over-year driven by the allowance
benefit of moving the partnership portfolio to held for sale and the volume-driven allowance release that
Scott discussed.

Slide 12 summarizes third quarter results for our consumer banking business. Driven by our auto
business, ending loans increased 11% year-over-year. Average loans also grew 11%. When the COVID
downturn began, we tightened our underwriting box in auto to focus on the most resilient assets. We
believe several factors are driving the growth we're seeing even in the context of our tightening.

The auto market rebound, thus far, has been stronger for larger franchise dealers, the part of the market
where we are focused. Some of the recent growth is likely driven by pent-up demand from the early
days of the shutdown. And our digital products and services are driving growth in direct-to-consumer
originations and growth with dealers who want to provide a low-touch car buying experience in response
to social distancing. Our dealer relationship strategy and the digital infrastructure and capabilities we've
built from the bottom-up put us in a strong position to grow high-quality auto loans even with tighter
underwriting.

Third quarter ending deposits in the consumer bank were up $43.3 billion or 21% year-over-year driven
by the stimulus-driven surge in deposits in the second quarter. Average deposit interest rate decreased
65 basis points as we reduced deposit pricing in response to the market interest rate environment and
competitive dynamics over the course of the second and third quarters.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Consumer banking revenue increased 9% from the third quarter of last year. Revenue growth from higher
auto loans and retail deposits was partially offset by differences in the timing of Federal Reserve rate cuts
preceding our deposit pricing moves. Noninterest expense in consumer banking was up 3%.

Third quarter provision for credit losses improved by $246 million year-over-year driven by lower charge-
offs and a modest allowance release in our auto business. Our auto business posted unusually strong
credit results in the third quarter. The charge-off rate improved 137 basis points compared to the prior
year quarter to 0.23%. The delinquency rate improved 271 basis points year-over-year to 3.76%. In
addition to the same general drivers of domestic card credit strength, auto credit benefited from very
strong auction values. And in contrast to domestic card, our own COVID auto forbearance is having a
significant positive impact because we've extended relief to customers in later stages of delinquency and
enrollment is much higher. We provided an updated auto forbearance information chart on appendix Slide
18.

Moving to Slide 13. I'll discuss our commercial banking business. Third quarter ending loan balances
were up 3% year-over-year driven by growth in selected C&I and CRE specialties. Average loans were up
5%. Average deposits increased about 18% from the third quarter of 2019 as middle market customers
continued to bolster their liquidity. Third quarter revenue was up 7% from the prior year quarter. Revenue
growth from higher loan and deposit volumes, higher noninterest income and lower deposit rate paid was
partially offset by lower loan yields. Noninterest expense increased by 2%.

Provision for credit losses improved by $167 million compared to the third quarter of 2019, largely driven
by the allowance release that Scott discussed. The commercial banking annualized charge-off rate for
the quarter was 0.43%. The criticized performing loan rate for the quarter increased compared to both
the prior year and linked quarters to 8.7% driven by downgrades in multifamily CRE. The criticized
nonperforming loan rate rose modestly to 1.0%.

Our oil and gas exposure declined year-over-year. We've provided a breakout of our oil and gas portfolio
composition and reserves on appendix Slide 19.

I'll close tonight with some thoughts on our results in the quarter and our positioning for the future.
Capital One posted strong third quarter results. Year-over-year revenue growth and lower noninterest
expenses drove pre-provision earnings up, and provision for credit losses improved by more than $1 billion
as credit results across our card and auto businesses remain strikingly strong.

Pulling way up, we continue to be well served by the choices we made before the pandemic. Since our
founding days, we've hardwired resilience into the choices we've made on credit, capital and liquidity
through good times and bad. As a result, we entered the downturn with strong and resilient credit trends,
a fortified balance sheet and deep experience and successfully navigating through prior periods of stress,
including the Great Recession. And our investments to transform our technology and how we work and our
efforts to drive the company to digital are powering our response to the downturn and positioning us for
the acceleration of digital change and adoption driven by the pandemic.

As we continue to lean into resilience to manage through the near-term challenges, we also continue
to focus on the things that create long-term value when delivered and sustained over time: profitable,
resilient growth, effective investments to transform technology, positive operating leverage and capital
distribution. And now we'll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance
Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Keith, please start the Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I guess I have a question on the net interest margin trajectory going forward, Scott. I know you talked
about some contributors that caused the sequential degradation and the dependency for some items in
the future. But looking ahead, if we assume a stable macro, could you maybe just dimensionalize some
of the upside levers you have? I know there's a step-up in the Walmart share. You have the funding costs
coming through, the lower funding costs and then lower liquidity potentially. Could you just talk about
those, Scott?

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Sure, Sanjay. So look, with respect to NIM, I think that the current margin is towards the low end of
where I would expect to see NIM given our balance sheet mix. And if I just look at kind of the factors right
now, cash is elevated, but deposit growth has slowed in Q3. In Q4, we're going to get the full quarter
benefit of the deposit pricing actions that we took in Q3, and then auto growth is positive to NIM. So I look
at just those factors, and they're -- those are all positives.

When you talk about longer term, more stimulus is -- the potential there is that, that might drive more
savings, which would be a headwind to NIM if we received more cash in the form of deposits. But on the
other hand, that's going to be a positive to our credit performance, and that seems like a good trade to
make. So overall, at this point, feeling like we're towards the lows on NIM, and there are a number of
factors that would go in a positive direction if everything in the economy kind of went stable from here
forward.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Great. And I guess talking about the economy, your reserve rates were stable, if not, sort of
declined a tad. Could you just talk about how you see that unfolding, assuming things don't change
materially in the macro situation? And maybe, Rich, you could chime in on some of the things that you're
worried about or not on the macro side because you mentioned credit quality looks strikingly strong.

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Why don't I start on the allowance? And then, Rich, you can jump on the back end of that question.
So when I look at the allowance, there's a couple important considerations. One is that we build our
allowance to exclude the potentially positive effects of stimulus beyond what's already in place, and we've
assumed some further worsening in the economy.

Second, our delinquency inventories are at really, really low levels. So we're starting at a place where it's
going to take a while for losses to actually manifest. So I feel really comfortable with our coverage levels,
where they are today. And if we just look at going forward, more stimulus could be a significant positive
factor to allowance, and the economy is another Wild card if it worsens beyond our current assumptions
and we didn't get stimulus in that case. In that case, we might be looking at the potential for reserve
additions. But in an economy that goes kind of sideways or doesn't worsen much or if we get stimulus, I
think there's some upside in the allowance.

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Sanjay, just a comment about the consumer. It's -- this is the biggest disconnect that I certainly have
experienced in my 3 decades of building Capital One between what we see in the economy itself and the
actual performance of the consumer, especially from a credit point of view.

Now some things, I think, always happen in a downturn, and that is consumers tend to get more
conservative. So they tend to pull back, spend less, save more. So in some ways, why would what we see
here be any different from the past? And look, I still put a high degree of uncertainty around things, so I'm
going to give you some views. But don't use this as like a prediction of what the consumer is going to do
in the rest of this downturn.

But I do think the consumer being in better shape going into this crisis starts kind of on the plus ledger
for the consumer. Debt levels were lower. Payment obligations, lower still, supported by the low interest
rates. The savings rate over the past few years was, I think, around double what it was before the Great
Recession. And so the consumer entered in a stronger situation.

Then what happened is, unlike most other downturns and certainly, unlike the Great Recession, which took
a lot of months to sort of build its momentum, this thing kind of came all of a sudden. And the world went
into a free fall sort of, as I often say, we all went down the elevator together at the same time. Consumers
did. Companies did and the government did.

And so that I think the reaction by the consumers was more striking and more conservative than has
happened in the past. So they're spending less saving more, paying down debt. And I think it's amplified
relative to the past. Then overlay on top of this, of course, that the swift and unprecedented government
stimulus, and the widespread forbearance programs across the banking industry were both much greater
and much swifter than occurred in the past.

And so the cumulative impact to consumer balance sheets of lower wages offsetting government support
and lower spending is the -- some of these effects by their conservatism and some of the benefits that
they were granted by external parties has added up to a positive net consumer sort of savings effect of
over $1 trillion or about $10,000 per household. And obviously, the impact across individual consumers
and households is highly variable. But we now have the expiration of the expanded unemployment benefit.
That's a blow to many millions of employed -- of unemployed Americans.

I think what we're dealing with is a cumulation of benefits that the consumer has had during this
downturn, such that when suddenly the stimulus was kind of shut off, we didn't see our credit metrics
suddenly skyrocket to worse places. I think the consumer is working through some of that cumulative that
has built up. But I think that we still have to look at -- we're talking about electrifying economic numbers.
Awful lot of job losses, now a lot more of them being more permanent and the government stimulus at
this point not having been renewed. So I think it's just a matter of time before this thing could reverse
itself in a significant way.

And you see everything I say, I just want to say relative to a metaphor I've been using when I talk
to investors, is every month that there are favorable credit trends, we're sort of burrowing a longer
tunnel underneath the huge economic worsening mountain such that even as potentially things revert
to significantly worse place for the consumer, I think we've reduced the cumulative losses through the
downturn rather than just delaying the impact.

So those are some thoughts, Sanjay, on what we're seeing. It's certainly not something collectively that
I've observed before. But -- and no one should look at this and feel -- I'll speak for myself. We certainly
-- we feel really good about the performance we're seeing, but we feel quite cautious about what could
happen.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

I wanted to dig in a little bit on the auto results. I know that you mentioned you have very strong auto
results, both on the loan side as well as on the credit side. Question -- first question here is just around
the used car prices. They're clearly up a lot at about 15% year-on-year. And I guess, just wanted to
understand how that -- how much that piece of the equation impacted your net charge-offs and your NIM
around auto and what you're assuming for used car prices going forward from here.

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Okay. Betsy, there's been unprecedented volatility in auction prices since the start of the pandemic. At the
start of the pandemic, we saw a sudden collapse in auction prices as stay-at-home orders basically froze
markets and auction houses rushed to move online. By the end of the second quarter, we saw auction
prices rebound to pre-COVID levels. And as the stay-at-home orders were lifted, consumer demand
experienced sort of a V-shaped recovery in the auto space and supply remained constrained by lease
delays and the decision of most lenders to suspend repossession.

At the start of the third quarter, there was a massive amount of uncertainty around the stability of these
trends, particularly whether consumer demand would remain strong with the expiration of stimulus and
whether it would be enough to offset projected increases in supply. As it's turned out, through the third
quarter, consumer demand remained incredibly strong, resulting in supply constraints that drove up
auction prices as dealers struggle to maintain inventory levels. Over the last couple of weeks, we've seen
the industry start to work through these supply constraints with auction prices declining slightly and dealer
inventory starting to recover towards the pre-COVID levels.

So going forward, we would expect auction prices to normalize over the next several months as the
industry fully works through these supply issues. We're underwriting to an assumption that they're going
to be significantly adverse from there. Just because of the -- just to be cautious and because of the
extreme volatility.

To your question about how important was this in the results, it was one of the factors. So for example, in
the credit results, there really were 3 auto -- so why was auto credit so good beyond what we're seeing in
card that we've talked about? There are 3 auto-specific effects.

One is our COVID loan extension programs having a more meaningful impact on our credit metrics
than it is in card because the program's got more -- a bigger proportion of customers in it and because
we extended relief to the impacted customers in later stage of delinquency. And then we've got the
used car auction prices, which basically reached all-time highs in Q3. And we've also seen somewhat
higher auto recoveries from the catch-up from our temporary suspension of repossessions earlier in the
downturn. So it's definitely sort of a bunch of planets aligning in the auto space driving performance that
is extraordinary, and in some sense, certainly on the credit side, much of the things I talked about are
more temporary in nature.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. Okay. No, that's super helpful. The follow-up question I have just has to do with what you're seeing
with regard to the accounts that are exiting forbearance in the various product sets that you have. Some
other folks this earnings cycle have been suggesting that accounts exiting forbearance are exiting with a
higher rate of delinquencies. I'm wondering if you are seeing the same thing, if you could put a number on
what that difference is between accounts that were in forbearance and aren't.

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. So by the way, I would put a -- let's say, you told me a downturn of any kind was coming and we
installed the forbearance program, I would, with 100% confidence, say customers who enter a forbearance
program and exit it will have higher delinquencies than those who never did only because it's a -- you take
a population and you now create a filter. And this is an important filter. Did you raise your hand and say I'd

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

like some of that forbearance? It's versus one minus that group. It would be extremely rare for that group
not to have higher delinquencies.

Interestingly, probably the biggest driver of the delinquency number is in like what -- or what percentage
of them are when they leave and they stay current. But probably the biggest driver of that is how wide
the funnel was in the first place by which the company was inviting customers to come in and take the
forbearance. The wider the funnel, the more likely regular, very low-risk customers sort of took advantage
of the program.

So the -- in our business, let me just look this up here. If we look at the customers in our card business,
we look at the customers who no longer enroll -- who are no longer enrolled but were previously, 88%
of them are current. In auto, it is 86%. And the other thing, again, I just want to say I'm not sure how
much information content there is in that only because one has filtered a population. The most telling
thing would be the overall delinquencies that you see on our portfolio because all these customers who
have entered forbearance are basically part of the delinquency metrics that you observed.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Rich, you noted that we could see a significant ramp in marketing in 4Q. Can you maybe just clarify
what the expectations are in terms of the quarter-over-quarter increase? And second, just more broadly
speaking, when competition has historically pulled back, you've used it as an opportunity when you've
seen a window to accelerate growth. And I was just wondering if you could just talk about your approach
to increasing marketing spend at this point. And are things still too uncertain for you to do that? Do you
have any sort of visibility at this point? Or is it more just seasonal in nature and we should expect it to
remain low as another issuer talked about this morning?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. So look, this -- our saying that marketing could be higher in the fourth quarter than the third is not
a declaration that we see all the light at the end of the tunnel we're all in. You're right. At Capital One, we
sometimes zig while others zag. We also sometimes zig while others zig. And it's all a situational kind of
thing. The primary -- the reason that we're kind of leaning into this marketing guidance relative to the
next quarter is more just how low it is now not to look at that and say that, at that low level, it's going to
sustain itself.

So let me just give you a little more context here. We pulled back in certain channels early in the crisis in
response to the decreased opportunity for quality growth and just given the unprecedented uncertainty
early on. We've since reentered most channels. And it's interesting, while marketing was flat overall in the
company, within card, marketing increased through the quarter. Again, it was mostly just coming off such
a very low level.

And so what we are saying is you have the seasonal ramp that always happens in the fourth quarter at
Capital One. And then on top of that, because even though our marketing was flat within the quarter
company-wide, within cards, it was quite sloped. And so we're really saying just the full seasonal -- the
full quarter effect of that will also pull the numbers a fair amount higher. So it's really more a pulling up
from being so low as opposed to a statement of a big transformation and how much marketing and growth
we're going after here.

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

In your prepared remarks, you talked about capital return being an important part of the picture for
shareholders. If we look, the capital ratios are at 13% and once we get through the next few quarters, it
should be at least 13.5% or over 20% of your market cap in excess. Now I know we saw the handful of
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

things that we need to get through, the Fed stress test. But it seems like if we have the minimum from
the SCB of 10.1% and your internal target of 11%, it seems like you have the potential to get pretty
aggressive on returning capital. So if you maybe just talk about the capital priorities and how quickly do
you think you can manage the capital down once we have clarity on where the economy is headed.

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Ryan. Well, as you know, all the large banks are going through CCAR 2.0 right now. And
as I mentioned, we're going to get through that process and get our feedback before we make any
adjustments to our capital situation. I think that, as you talked about with stress capital buffer, the buffer
for us under that framework or the total capital required under that framework is 10.1%. We want to
operate in most environments with a buffer above that, so probably over 11%.

I think that -- what I'm hoping is that we'll start to see the Fed move away from the current level of
restrictions in that, in the first quarter, they will migrate to the stress capital buffer framework, which
should allow us to manage our capital distributions, both dividends and share repurchases on a much
more dynamic basis. And as we talked about and you mentioned in our -- the comments, we do appreciate
that this is an important component of shareholder return. And so we're looking to get back into the
business of having an appropriate amount of capital and making sure the shareholders are receiving
distributions.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Rick Shane with JPMorgan.

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Rich, you, in response to Sanjay's question, touched on something that I think is really interesting.
You mentioned divergence between labor markets and credit markets and credit performance. And you
hypothesized whether or not what we've seen is a delay in credit events or we're actually going to see
moderation from all of the policy initiatives. And you alluded to the fact that you think it's the latter.

I want to make sure -- I want to understand, in part, what drives that view and then I want to turn
the question to Scott and ask where is the reserve or the allowance in that context. Are you still more
reserved in the delay scenario at this point?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Rick, I want to make sure that I articulate for a second your 2 -- just articulate for a second your 2
scenarios, the delay scenario I described, what you're saying, that is -- that would be -- it's going to get
as bad as ever. It's just delayed in getting there. And the moderation on it moderated. Yes. So yes, I'll let
Scott talk about the allowance.

Just sort of -- it's -- there have been -- well, certainly, right now, there is -- the divergence between
the 2 is extraordinary. I do think that -- and the most common thing everybody is talking about is
government stimulus. And I believe that is an important effect. I wouldn't underestimate the collective
impact of forbearance across the banking industry as well and, to some extent, in rents and other
things. But between the strength of the consumer entered the downturn and the various things that are
providing some relief, it is clearly disconnecting the relationship that we would otherwise see between
unemployment and the consumers' financial health and credit performance.

So the -- I think it is very plausible that this sort of bank account, if you will, of cumulatively some good
things that the consumer has had available is something that is finite and very plausibly can't last for an
extended period of time. I think it still buffers for a short period of time. But if we don't see stimulus and
if the economy continues to really be hurting, I have trouble envisioning how the consumer doesn't end up
getting in a worse place from here.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

But my points are, I think, that timing of that can still be buffered by the accumulated benefits. And then
my other point is that I think, burrowing through the tunnel, I picture a big mountain, which is the bad
economy going up and then going down on the other side, burrowing through the tunnel and even then
if the consumer has to rejoin that bad mountain, if you will, a strain metaphor, I think that some of the
worst aspects of that downturn will have been averted by virtue of every month that passes.

What I want to do is pivot to Scott to comment on how we've handled the allowance.

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Rich. Rick, so if you think about what we have to do in the allowance, we're starting with
delinquency levels that are not, not connected to the level of unemployment that we're seeing. And so
one of the things that we have to do in the allowance is to take those delinquency levels and over time,
kind of get them to link up with unemployment levels. One of the reasons that we are thinking that's
happening is that some of the stimulus actually comes in, in a form where it's replacing income. And so
even though you've got elevated level of unemployment, you basically are -- you have a consumer who
may be unemployed, counting in the unemployed calculations but is receiving benefits that are allowing
them to stay current as if they were fully employed.

So as we start to see stimulus unfold here, the real question that we face in the allowance is just how long
is that income replacement going to continue and what does that mean to the total loss content. So those
are the kinds of issues that we would face with the allowance.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Rich, can you discuss the competitive landscape as you think about the potential threats on one hand from
the neo banks, sort of the Chimes of the world, that operate exclusively online without traditional branch
networks in this sort of post-COVID environment? And on the other hand, the buy now, pay laters like the
Klarnas and Afterpays, how do you see their presence impacting the competitive environment in the card
business, say, over the next 3 to 5 years? I mean is there any potential benefit to deploying some of your
excess capital into M&A? And what are those areas? Or are those sort of capabilities, things that you think
you can build on your own?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

So well, Bill, it's certainly quite fascinating and striking to see what's happening on both the banking
side and the lending side with respect to these new competitors. Let me talk about the buy now, pay
later phenomenon. There has been point-of-sale lending for forever basically. And the -- and it's always
been there as another form of financing. And it's interesting, in many ways, the credit card became the
disruptor in point-of-sale lending. I never forget when early on in the Capital One journey, I ran into this
guy who said, "Hey, you ruined my business." And I said, "I'm so sorry. How did we ruin your business?"
And he said, "I ran a furniture store. I made my money on financing, and the credit card has kind of put
me out of business."

And so the credit card has been an incredibly efficient tool in a world where point-of-sale financing
has continued, and there's logical reasons they both would coexist. I think it's really striking what has
happened recently with respect to the buy now, pay later, which there's a couple of striking things going
on that are not -- haven't been part of the historical context. One is the -- just the technology, the ease of
the whole thing. And with a single click, you can kind of buy now, pay later. That has been one aspect of
this. And the other is the -- that merchants are paying the lenders at this point, the way the marketplace
works, merchants paying the lenders, which has allowed us to be a pretty financially attractive business

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

for some of these neo players and has helped keep that industry unassailable. A lot of times, you have a
race to the bottom in terms of how high the short-term pricing gets, et cetera.

So this is something that's growing rapidly, and I think that is something that we are looking carefully at
and watching and trying to assess where that market is going. We wonder how sustainable the revenue
model of that is with respect to the merchant subsidies. In a more competitive marketplace, we'll have to
keep an eye on that. But I think the -- this is another example of how digital technology and the real-time
instant solutions is where the entire world is going.

The history of banking is to deliver solutions on a batch basis to consumers. And I think this is another
example of how real-time solutions are here. And all banks, if they don't increasingly figure out how to
leverage data in real-time and bring instant customized solutions to consumers, may find themselves in a
bad place.

Then you got the whole banking side of the marketplace, the Chimes and some of the other players that
I think also have created a disruptive model. We tend to root for their success because we are also a
disruptor in this marketplace. And the more collectively all of us can get at the -- make progress against
the highly inertial entrenched behavior of Americans to always bank with their branch bank, the more
we can chip away collectively with that. I think the more opportunity there is for all of us, digital players,
Capital One included, but we're certainly inspired by some of the things that we see by some of the neo
banks.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

That's super helpful, Rich. If I can squeeze in another quick one on auto. Can you discuss how your mix of
new versus used originations has evolved and whether there's any particular area that you've been leaning
into more heavily?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

There's not -- well, there's been a lot of use -- of course, just some of the market conditions that have led
to the -- a lot of used car buying. So I don't have in front of me data with respect to that. But the used
car opportunity is a sweet spot for most banks because the captive lenders tend to subsidize their new car
purchases. So a -- the majority of our entire business is used and the more the used car market thrives,
the better it is for Capital One.

I think the bigger effect that's going on that we're struck by in addition to just how all the sort of -- the
tide of auto has risen all the boats for all the players and it's just kind of a strikingly sort of good time in
the industry, parenthetically, or we should all know in the middle of the massive pandemic, so we got to
be very careful here. But kind of on little cat feet, the traction that we're seeing with our digital strategy
is particularly we're seeing in auto because of the very physical nature of how the product is bought. And
the -- this is an example of where the pandemic is accelerating things that would happen anyway. But in
the auto space, the more they accelerate the sort of direct side, not necessarily the pure direct where no
one ever goes to a dealership, but the semi direct or the hybrid direct, the thing that just involves faster,
more digital solutions, that plays into the hand of Capital One because we've invested for years in real-
time automated solutions and being able to underwrite any car in America on any lot in less than a second
and to be able to provide that information to consumers before they go into the dealership and to also
lessen the amount of hard work and waiting once you get in.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Rich, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing in your commercial real estate
portfolio. And also, given the stress, are there any opportunistic opportunities that you see coming to
market?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

So our commercial real estate is $30 billion across a range of property types. Relative to most banks, the
-- overall, our portfolio is more concentrated in multifamily, which we view as more resilient, while it's
underweight in more volatile sectors like hotel, retail, office and construction.

So on -- in the multifamily space, we have $18 billion in exposure to multifamily. About $13 billion is on
balance sheet and about $5 billion in agency loss share. And of that, of the $13 billion we have on balance
sheet, about half of our exposure is in the New York metropolitan area. And as you know, Don, there are
real borrower challenges in the market with low rent collections and eviction moratoriums. So our focus
and the significant majority of our portfolio is in rent-regulated and Class B properties, which have been
historically more resilient in recessions.

So we -- the big increase in criticized performing loans was in the multifamily portfolio. We feel really good
about the LTV, the low LTVs that we have backing this book. But it certainly has our attention that New
York's got a number of challenges on the real estate side, and so we'll very carefully monitor how this
plays out. But we feel collectively very good about our overall real estate portfolio and the choices that
drove us to where we are.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Moshe Orenbuch with Crédit Suisse.

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. Rich, with the front end of the questions, you talked a little bit about some of the differences
between this and the Great Recession. I guess another one would be the banks and card issuers
themselves are actually in a better position than they were at that point. And I'm just wondering if you
could kind of talk a little bit about how you think that impacts the competitive opportunity of what you're
willing to talk about what Cap One's plans are with respect to that?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. It's a really insightful comments that you make, Moshe, because one of the things that we know that
happened in the Great Recession is the consumer was more levered up, but you also had the banking
industry, both banks and nonbanks were providing products that were not nearly as well underwritten,
that often had complicated features with them, and there was just a lot of disequilibrium to sort out. And
that really compounded the consumer's journey through the downturn that their own condition and also
working through some of the things -- the most extreme, of course, Moshe, was the mortgage products
and all the issues there.

So the -- and what happened is a lot of the bad lending practices, I'd say bad from a credit risk point of
view and also certain consumer practices got driven out in the Great Recession. And on the other side of
it was a very rational, high-performing credit card marketplace. And I've said for years on the other side
of the Great Recession, I think this is a strikingly rational marketplace. I find it more rational than the
other lending marketplaces in which we compete. And each of the players there sort of has carved out a
particular niche and they're doing well.

So I see, Moshe, very rational behavior even right now in the pandemic. Virtually, everybody pulled
back. First of all, you start with card players have something happening to them that basically is pretty
unique across lending products. And that is that our portfolios are shrinking pretty dramatically. Here,
commercial, in general, people drawing down online increase the volumes. So I think that we card
players are struck by, oh, my goodness, just with the less spending and all this conservative behavior by
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

consumers, we've been going backwards pretty rapidly. Pretty much all of us have. And -- but I think that,
that is the flip side of what comes from the strikingly sound and conservative behavior of our consumers.

So where does the industry go from here? I think the industry has pulled back, and I think all of us in
our own way, are trying to figure out no one's going to fully step on the back gas. No one is all the way
pulled back. And I think for everyone, it's how to find the selective opportunities where you can continue
to lean into this thing and book business that's going to be resilient even if things get a whole lot worse.
And some of the tried and true strategies, Moshe, we've had for many years, our conservatism on credit
lines, the avoidance of high balance revolvers and so on and so on.

Our strategy has been so resilience-focused, I think that, for us, the opportunity to continue to book
accounts, be very conservative on credit lines, build up the potential energies but the -- continue to be
-- but being careful on credit lines, book to potential -- grow the potential energy and delay the release
to some extent into kinetic energy through a lot of line growth until we see more clarity on where this
economy is going. So that's how we're continuing to lean in even in the context of this pretty electrifying
economy.

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Maybe a follow-up question for Scott. I noticed that revenue suppression had improved fairly significantly.
I guess that works relative to actual delinquencies. And maybe you could just talk a little bit about how
that's going to look going forward.

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. The -- you're right. The suppression is a shorter coverage period than allowance. It really only goes
through the point of charge-off. And when you've got low delinquencies, that's improved. So as long as we
see stability in our delinquency levels that would stay at about the levels where it is now. We started to
see them, delinquencies worsened. That would increase the amount of suppression.

Operator

And for our final question this evening will come from Brian Foran with Autonomous.

Brian D. Foran
Autonomous Research LLP

Pretty much everything has been asked. I guess just on marketing. I think the normal seasonal increase
would be maybe $100 million, $150 million -- maybe $150 million, $175 million actually. A normal level
would be maybe more like $500 million or $600 million. So are there any -- I know you're not going to
give a point estimate. But are there any guardrails you should -- you could give? Maybe are we thinking
more like a normal seasonal increase to the low $400 million? Or are we thinking more like a normal
seasonal level to the mid-$500 million in terms of something to pencil in on marketing for the fourth
quarter?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Brian, we're probably going to leave our guidance where it is. But the main thing we wanted people to just
know that it's been unusually low at this point and don't get too used to the unusually low level. And that
-- so that's why it's the double effect. We're calling for the double effect of the normal significant seasonal
increase that we have in the fourth quarter, around things like our sponsorships and a lot of things that
happen late in the year as well as the continuation of what happened late in the quarter versus marketing
levels in card, a phenomenon that was not visible in the aggregated credit numbers because it just turned
out by coincidence. Some of the marketing elsewhere in the company around retail, which had really been
sort of higher right out of the gate with all the deposit inflows that we've had. We pulled back somewhat
on retail.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Brian D. Foran
Autonomous Research LLP

Fair enough. I think there was once a quarter in 2009 when you did $90 million in marketing, and I built
that into a normalized earnings model. So it's fair, fair to remind people about things I keep around.

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Thanks, Brian, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on tonight's conference call. Thank you for your
interest in Capital One. And remember, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer
any further questions you may have. Have a great night.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

