Capital One Financial Corporation 

NYSE:COF
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, January 26, 2021 10:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

2.74

5.29

93.07

2.84

2.66

5.79

117.67

9.85

6910.50

7337.00

6.17

6932.21

28058.20

28523.00

1.66

28392.21

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-26-2021 3:31 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

1.02

(1.54)

2.07

2.74

(3.02)

(1.61)

5.05

5.29

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

NM

NM

143.96 %

93.07 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO &
President

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

John Hecht
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robert Paul Napoli
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Capital One Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir,
you may begin.

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Thanks very much, Keith, and welcome, everybody, to Capital One's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet,
please log into the Capital One website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there.

In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our fourth
quarter 2020 results.

With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr.
Scott Blackley, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Scott will walk you through the presentation.
To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on
Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release.

Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding
Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion
and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One
does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ
materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors,
please see the section titled Forward-looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk
Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the
SEC.

Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Blackley. Scott?

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start on Slide 3 of tonight's presentation.

In the fourth quarter, Capital One earned $2.6 billion or $5.35 per common share. For the full year, Capital
One earned $2.7 billion or $5.18 per share. Included in EPS for the quarter were 2 small adjusting items,
which are outlined on the slide. Net of these adjusting items, earnings per share for the quarter was
$5.29. Full year 2020 adjusted earnings per share was $5.79. In addition to the adjusting items in the
quarter, we recorded an equity investment gain of $60 million or $0.10 per share related to our equity
stake in Snowflake. For the full year, the investment gain was $535 million or around $0.89 per share.

Turning to Slide 4, I will cover the quarterly allowance moves in more detail. In the fourth quarter, we
released $593 million of allowance, primarily in our card business. Economic assumptions underlying our
allowance included unemployment of around 8% at the end of 2021 and the impacts of the $900 billion
stimulus package passed in December. The release was driven by the strong credit performance we have
observed and by the new stimulus bill.

In our allowance, we continue to assume that the relationship between the economic metrics and credit
quickly reverts to a historical norm, and we've added significant additional qualitative factors for COVID-
related uncertainty.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

In our commercial business, we charged off certain energy loans and released allowance for these specific
reserves that were previously established for those loans.

Turning to Slide 5. You can see the allowance coverage levels declined modestly from the prior quarters
across our segments but remained well above pre-pandemic levels. Our Domestic Card coverage is now
at 10.8%, while our branded card portfolio coverage is 12.7%. Recall that the difference between these
metrics is driven by loss-sharing agreements in our partnership portfolios. Coverage in our consumer and
commercial businesses also remained elevated at 3.9% and 2.2%, respectively.

Moving to Slide 6, I'll discuss our liquidity position. You can see our preliminary average liquidity coverage
ratio during the fourth quarter was 145%, well above the 100% regulatory requirement. Our liquidity
reserves from cash, securities and Federal Home Loan Bank capacity declined slightly from the third
quarter to end the year at approximately $144 billion, including about $41 billion in cash driven by
continued strong deposits.

Turning to Slide 7. You can see that our net interest margin increased 37 basis points quarter-over-quarter
to 6.05%. The increase was largely driven by higher card loan revenue margin as strong credit results led
to lower suppression, the impact of third and fourth quarter deposit pricing actions and a modest decline
in our cash balance, which was partially offset by lower yields on cash and securities.

Lastly, turning to Slide 8. I will cover our capital position. Our Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was
13.7% at the end of the fourth quarter, up 70 basis points from the third quarter and 150 basis points
higher than a year ago. We continue to estimate that our CET1 capital need is around 11%, which includes
a buffer over our capital requirements under the SCB framework of 10.1%. As we close out 2020, we have
approximately 270 basis points or around $8 billion of capital in excess of our CET1 target.

Following the latest stress test results released by the Federal Reserve last month and in light of the
strong capital position I just described, we expect to restore our quarterly dividend back to $0.40
per share in the first quarter, pending Board approval. Our Board of Directors has also authorized the
repurchase of up to $7.5 billion of the company's common stock inclusive of share repurchase capacity of
up to approximately $500 million in the first quarter based on the Fed's current trailing 4-quarter average
earnings rule. The timing and amount of stock repurchase activity will be informed by our outlook on the
economy as well as actual forecasted levels of capital, earnings and growth.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Rich.

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Scott. As I think everyone on this call knows, Scott shared with me in November that he would be
leaving Capital One to join a tech startup. While he will be here through March 15, this will be Scott's last
earnings call. So I want to take a moment and thank you, Scott, for giving so much of your life to Capital
One over this past decade, including the last 5 years as our CFO. You've built strong relationships with our
shareholders and across the investment community, and you've always brought their external perspectives
to our work inside of Capital One. You've been a key adviser and partner for me and for the Board and a
strong leader in our company. I'm particularly grateful for the legacy you've built, transforming finance
technology, strengthening processes and controls, building a great team of talented leaders, including your
successor, Andrew Young. We will miss you, and I'm sure you will continue to do great things.

With that, let me turn to our Domestic Card business. Exceptional credit performance was the biggest
driver of Domestic Card financial results in the quarter. The Domestic Card charge-off rate for the quarter
was 2.69%, a 163 basis point improvement year-over-year and a 95 basis point improvement from the
sequential quarter. The 30-plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 2.42%, 151 basis points better than
the prior year. The delinquency rate was up 21 basis points from the linked quarter, consistent with typical
seasonal patterns. Fourth quarter provision for credit losses improved by $1.1 billion year-over-year,
driven by the allowance release that Scott discussed and lower charge-offs.

Several factors are driving continued credit strength. Consumers are behaving cautiously, spending
less, saving more and paying down debt. These behaviors have been amplified by the cumulative effect

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

of unusually large government stimulus and widespread forbearance across the banking industry.
Our own longstanding resilience choices put us in a strong position going into the pandemic. And our
strategic investments in digital technology and transformation are paying off in enhanced capabilities and
underwriting that are powering our performance and response to the pandemic.

Strikingly strong consumer credit has persisted throughout 2020, even after the expiration of several parts
of the CARES Act. Uncertainty about future credit trends remains high, especially in the context of an
evolving pandemic that is difficult to predict. As Scott discussed, that uncertainty informs our allowance
for credit loss. We believe that each incremental month of favorable credit reduces the cumulative losses
through the downturn rather than just delaying the impact.

At the end of the fourth quarter, Domestic Card ending loan balances were down $20.1 billion or 17%
year-over-year, driven by 3 factors: cautious consumer behavior, reduced spending and demand for new
credit, and drove payment rates to historically high levels. Our marketing pullbacks at the outset of the
downturn put additional pressure on loan balances, and we moved a partnership portfolio to held-for-
sale in the third quarter. Excluding the impact of the move to held-for-sale, ending loans declined about
15%. Fourth quarter average loans declined 16% year-over-year. On a linked quarter basis, the expected
seasonal ramp drove ending loans up by about 3%.

Purchase volume continued to rebound from the sharp declines early in the pandemic. For the full year,
purchase volume was down 2% in 2020. Fourth quarter purchase volume was essentially flat compared
to the prior year quarter. That compares to a year-over-year decline of about 30% in the first weeks of
the pandemic. Quarterly purchase volume increased 10% from the sequential quarter, consistent with the
expected seasonality and the continued rebound. Despite the rebound, purchase volume growth is still
down compared to the double-digit growth we were seeing before the pandemic.

Fourth quarter revenue declined 7% year-over-year as a result of the decrease in average loans, partially
offset by higher revenue margin. The revenue margin was up 121 basis points year-over-year to 16.91%,
largely driven by 2 factors: strong credit drove lower revenue suppression; and year-over-year, net
interchange revenue in the numerator of the margin is essentially flat, while average loan balances, the
denominator of the margin calculation, are down 16%.

Noninterest expense was down $186 million or 8% from the fourth quarter of last year, largely driven by
our choice to pull back on Domestic Card marketing when the pandemic hit. Total company marketing
trends are largely driven by Domestic Card. Fourth quarter marketing for the total company was down
21% year-over-year. On a sequential quarter basis, total company marketing increased significantly in
the fourth quarter. Looking ahead, future marketing will be impacted by how things play out with the
pandemic and the economy. In the midst of the pandemic, we're finding opportunities, and we are leaning
into them. These opportunities are enhanced by our tech transformation. The ultimate level of our 2021
marketing will depend on our continuing real-time assessment of the marketplace.

Slide 12 summarizes fourth quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. Driven by our auto
business, ending loans increased 9% year-over-year. Average loans grew 10% for the fourth quarter and
9% for the full year.

When the COVID downturn began, we tightened our underwriting box in auto to focus on the most
resilient asset. We believe that several factors drove our growth. The auto market rebound has been
stronger for larger franchise dealers, the part of the market where we're focused.

Our digital products and services drove growth in direct-to-consumer originations and growth with dealers
who want to provide a low-touch car buying experience in response to social distancing. And our dealer
relationship strategy put us in a strong position to grow high-quality auto loans. Fourth quarter auto
originations were down 2% year-over-year. Competition picked up late in the third quarter and continued
to increase in the fourth quarter.

Fourth quarter ending deposits in the consumer bank were up $36.7 billion or 17% year-over-year, driven
by the stimulus-driven surge in deposits in the second quarter. Average deposits were up 19% for the
fourth quarter and up 15% for the full year. Our average deposit interest rate decreased 73 basis points

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

year-over-year and 19 basis points from the linked quarter as we reduced deposit pricing in response to
the market interest rate environment and competitive dynamics.

Fourth quarter Consumer Banking revenue increased 18% from the prior year quarter. Annual revenue
was up 4%. Both increases were driven by growth in auto loans and retail deposits. Annual growth was
negatively impacted by differences in the timing of Federal Reserve rate cuts, preceding our deposit
pricing reduction. Noninterest expense in Consumer Banking was up 1% year-over-year.

Fourth quarter provision for credit losses improved by $275 million year-over-year, driven by lower
charge-offs and a modest allowance release in our auto business. Fourth quarter credit results in our auto
business remain unusually strong even after seasonal linked quarter increases in 24 basis points in the
auto charge-off rate and 102 basis points in the delinquency rate. Year-over-year, the charge-off rate
improved 143 basis points to 0.47% and the delinquency rate improved 210 basis points to 4.78%. Strong
auto credit is the result of several factors. In addition to the same general drivers of Domestic Card credit
strength, auto credit also benefited from very strong auction values. And our auto forbearance is having
a temporary positive impact, particularly on delinquency rates. We've provided updated auto forbearance
information on appendix Slide 18. We expect auto credit metrics to increase from their unusually low
levels as auction prices normalize and the temporary impacts of COVID forbearance play out.

Moving to Slide 13. I'll discuss our Commercial Banking business. Fourth quarter ending loan balances
were up 2% year-over-year, driven by growth in selected C&I and CRE specialties. Average loans were
also up 2% for the fourth quarter and 6% for the full year. Quarterly average deposits increased 21% from
the fourth quarter of 2019, and average -- annual average deposits grew 14% in 2020 as middle market
customers continued to bolster their liquidity. Fourth quarter revenue was up 10% from the prior year
quarter. Annual revenue was up 6% for the year. Annual revenue growth from higher loan and deposit
volumes and higher noninterest income was partially offset by lower net interest margin. Noninterest
expense for the quarter increased by 1% year-over-year.

Provision for credit losses improved by $90 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. The allowance
release that Scott discussed was partially offset by higher charge-offs largely related to our oil and gas
portfolio. Our oil and gas exposure declined year-over-year. We've provided a breakout of our oil and gas
portfolio composition and reserves on appendix Slide 19.

The Commercial Banking annualized charge-off rate for the quarter was 0.45%. The criticized performing
loan rate for the quarter increased compared to both the prior year and linked quarters to 9.5%, driven by
downgrades in our commercial real estate portfolio. The criticized nonperforming loan rate rose modestly
from the prior year quarter to 0.9%.

I'll close tonight with some thoughts on our results and how we're positioned for the future. It's not
a surprise that the pandemic shaped our 2020 results. For the full year, total company loan balances
declined 5%. Annual revenue was essentially flat, including $535 million in gains on our Snowflake
investment. Noninterest expense was down 3%, with a decline in marketing and relatively flat operating
expense. Provision for credit losses increased by $4 billion. And earnings per share rebounded from
negative territory early in the year to $5.18 for the full year, down significantly from 2019.

Three key themes are evident in our 2020 results. The pandemic pressured top line loan balances and
revenue, particularly in the first half of the year. On the bottom line, strikingly strong credit resulted in a
return to positive trajectory and record profitability in the second half of the year. And our longstanding
strategic choices put us in a strong position to respond to both the near-term challenges and the emerging
opportunities.

Turning first to the near-term challenges. Domestic Card loan balances declined sharply as cautious
consumers, stimulus and widespread industry forbearance drove historically high payment rates and
reduced demand. Lower loan balances put pressure on revenue, efficiency and scale. The operating
efficiency ratio net of adjustments was 46%. It was 46.9%, excluding Snowflake gains. The flip side of
this top line pressure was exceptionally strong consumer credit performance, which drove 2 consecutive
quarters of record earnings in the second half of 2020. And strong second half earnings, coupled with a
smaller balance sheet, enabled us to increase our CET1 ratio to 13.7%. Today, we've announced our intent

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

to raise the quarterly dividend to its prior level of $0.40 per share subject to Board approval, and we've
also discussed our plan -- we also discussed our plan for up to $7.5 billion of share repurchases, which our
Board has already approved.

Throughout 2020, we have been well served by the choices we made before the downturn began. Since
our founding days, we've hardwired resilience into the choices we've made on credit, capital and liquidity
through good times and bad. As a result, we entered the downturn with strong and resilient credit trends,
a fortified balance sheet and deep experience in successfully navigating through prior periods of stress,
including the Great Recession. Our investments to transform our technology and how we work and our
efforts to drive the company to digital are paying off. Our transformation is powering our response to the
downturn and putting us in a strong position for emerging opportunities as the pandemic plays out.

Pulling way up despite the pressures of the pandemic in the near term, nothing has changed about where
we think our businesses are headed or the long-term strategic opportunities that are being created as
sweeping digital change continues to transform banking. As we manage through the near-term challenges,
we also continue to focus on the things that create long-term value when delivered and sustained over
time, continuing to transform our technology from the ground up, capitalizing on our transformation
to drive innovation and growth, generating positive operating leverage and improving efficiency, and
managing capital efficiently and effectively, including significant capital distribution.

And now we'll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Thanks, Rich. Scott, let me add my personal thanks for all the coaching and leadership. It's been a
pleasure to work with you over the years, and I wish you all the success as you go forward.
And now we'll start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Keith, please start the Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Rick Shane with JPMorgan.

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Scott, congratulations. And Andrew, I think when you look at Scott leaving you with a $15.5 billion reserve
is probably the best gift he could give you.

I wanted to talk a little bit about that. When we look versus day 1, the reserve is now up $5 billion. I'm
curious, when we look at the current credit metrics, what do you think the scenarios would have to be to
actually really utilize that reserve over a lifetime?

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Rick, well, thanks for your kind words, and I appreciate both Rich and Jeff saying such nice things. It's
been honestly just a privilege to be at this company, and it's certainly a tough place to leave, but let me
turn to your question.

In terms of the allowance, you're right that when you look at our coverage levels versus our current level
of losses and delinquencies, there's a big gap. And I would just point out that, that is because right now,
our allowance is built to absorb a very wide range of outcomes, which gives sense -- which is sensible,
given kind of the circumstances that we are in at the moment. And so I think that the biggest driver of
where the allowance might go and what might drive our leases is, frankly, just certainty. And narrowing
down the range of possible outcomes, I think, could come from things like macroeconomic factors like
unemployment or pandemic-specific variables like broader rollouts of the vaccine, reduced restrictions on
people's movements and activities and things like that. So to me, it feels like that certainty is more likely
to happen over time versus a step function. So I think we'll see the allowance kind of play out in measured
ways over time.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Congratulations, Scott. I guess have a question on marketing expense and sort of the efficiency ratio
targets that you guys had outlined some time ago. When we look at the marketing expense, it seems like
run rate-wise, we're back to 2019 levels on a quarterly basis. Can we -- can you guys actually exceed
that going forward if there's opportunity in the marketplace? And then as far as the efficiency ratio is
concerned, I mean, how long before we can get back to the 52% target that you had outlined, Rich?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

So Sanjay, we are not making specific guidance about marketing. As you know, this is -- while there are
certain things that are sort of fixed -- mostly fixed about our marketing expenditures, a lot of it is based
on real-time assessment of prospects for resilient growth in the competitive marketplace.

But let me just kind of pull up and talk about our journey this year with respect to marketing. We pulled
back early in the crisis but have since increased marketing spend, as you saw in Q4. And as expected,
the increase from Q3 was meaningfully higher than typical seasonal patterns. Right now, we are seeing
opportunities to invest. We continue to invest in our brand and our national banking strategy. And in
our card business, we're leaning in where we see signs of strength. And we feel pretty good about our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

origination opportunities, and these are enhanced by our tech transformation as well. So we're keeping a
very watchful eye on the marketplace, but we do see opportunities, and we're investing in them.

And with respect to efficiency, we still believe that we're on the path to achieve the efficiency targets that
we had set -- that we had talked about in prior years, driven by growth and digital productivity gains and
really enabled by our tech transformation.

The pandemic has really impacted the timing of when we get there, particularly on revenue growth. Now
we feel good about our current revenue trajectory, and we're still on the same efficiency journey, but how
the pandemic and the recession will play out remain uncertain and how the growth opportunity unfolds.
And also the sort of the great credit paradox with the strength of credit also comes the high payment
rates, which, certainly, it's a great thing for the overall financial performance of the company, but it's
another thing that holds back the growth. So we're leaning in to really -- in the growth opportunities, but
-- and we're on the same kind of -- heading to the same destinations we talked about before, but we're
not giving guidance about the timing.

Operator

We'll go next to Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Let me add my congratulations, Scott. I wanted to ask about the buyback authorization. Is it reasonable
to expect that you'd seem to be as aggressive as possible and executing on it such that we could see you
do the full amount by the end of 2021, assuming a favorable backdrop where the Fed withdraws payout
restrictions? And then within that, how are you guys thinking about the regulatory capital impact of the
CECL fees for day 1 and 2 under the CARES Act?

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks for the question, Bill. Look, with respect to the share buyback program, I think the most
important thing I just want to underscore is that the $7.5 billion that was authorized by the Board really
underscores our commitment to returning excess capital to the shareholders, and I think that we're
certainly excited to start that journey.

As we think about capital deployment, I think the hierarchy there is, first, capital to growth opportunities
and then share buybacks and dividends to follow. And I would just point out that in our past practice, you
can see that we manage share buybacks dynamically, and we take into account market conditions, relative
value, our holistic view on where we are in our capital position.

In the first quarter, we'll be limited to $500 million. I mentioned that based on the Fed rules. After that,
the pacing of the share repurchases are really going to be guided by the factors I just talked about and
by any regulatory guidelines that we might see. I'll just say that we find our current valuation compelling.
And with over $8 billion of excess capital, we're really looking forward to getting started on the program.

Operator

We'll go next to John Hecht with Jefferies.

John Hecht
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Rich, you embarked on your digital banking transformation several years ago. And at that point in time,
it seems the attempt was to scale a traditional bank and using a digital platform where you could do that
more for your customers in a really simplified fashion over digital channels, but digital banking, I think,
has changed with the development of companies like SoFi and some of the fintech companies kind of
getting into, call it, center banking offerings with sort of digital wallets, nonetheless. I'm wondering, is that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

-- is the development of migration of digital banking overall, does that affect how you see investments
going forward to Capital One?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Well, everything that we see, John, I think, reinforces the -- our conviction about the strategy that we
have and the journey that we're on, and the destination were so energetically pursuing. So let's, and
first of all, talk about the pandemic. I don't think the pandemic changed much about the destination of
banking, but it changed the timing of that because it accelerated the digital journey. And one thing that's
been so striking about banking products and even banking products relative to credit card products is the
stickiness and the inertia inherent in the customer relationships that have existed sometimes for many
decades. And so one of the challenges for any digital bank is how do you go after that inertia and create
something compelling enough to cause people to switch. And so it's really nice being on, in a sense, the
right side of history because we can see the direction things go. What I'm struck by is the amount of
acceleration that we've seen in these inevitable trends this year. So that's a good thing for us, and we
want to capitalize on that.

Now the other -- along the way, not surprisingly, we've seen the rise of some very intriguing banking
fintechs. And we watch with great interest their strategies. In many cases, they have very nice digital
customer experiences. In some cases, they have created strategies that the banking industry didn't come
up with. And we look with interest in that and, in many ways, root for their success because it's all part of
the same -- their success is a manifestation also of the accelerating change in customer behavior and the
opportunity for digital banks. So we have a lot of respect for some of the players. We're impressed by their
innovation, and we're energized by their success and the success that we're having. And so as a result,
we're leaning in -- continuing to lean in and leaning in a little harder on our own banking strategy.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Rich, in terms of the fintech discussion, I was wondering if you could comment on buy-now-pay-later.
Does that impact your business from a lending competition perspective or syndicated risk standpoint? And
is it material enough for us to keep an eye on from a risk perspective?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

So buy-now-pay-later is a really interesting marketplace. It's kind of ironic because the original buy now,
pay later product was the credit card. And so it's interesting to be a very established credit card player
and feel a little bit like the old guard is we're watching these innovations on buy-now-pay-later. And I have
a lot of respect for and I'm impressed by some of the things -- the success of the point-of-sale lending
products. And point-of-sale lending has, of course, existed since really the beginning of lending itself.

I think what's striking here is the way that it exists, of course, in the e-commerce space, the way it's got
shelf space right there on -- at the checkout page, the -- some of the elegance of the digital technology,
and interestingly, right now, sort of financially how this marketplace works because the striking thing to
me is that right now, merchants are actually paying the bill as opposed to consumers. And that tends
to create a healthy marketplace. It tends to create better selection dynamics. Then very often, you see
in some of these short-term lending products, they tend to have very high effective APRs and things
that can sometimes lead to adverse selection. So I think to me, the thing that I'm most interested in
watching from sort of the structure of that marketplace is what happens to the, in a sense, the merchant
discount with respect to those products as the competition from lenders heats up in that space. So that's
something we'll have to watch. So I think there's a lot for Capital One to learn in this marketplace, and
we're watching it closely. And we really, with interest, look to see how this opportunity evolves.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Operator

We'll take our next question is from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Scott, congratulations.

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you.

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Rich, maybe just to dig in a little bit further on the efficiency. I understand that you don't want to put a
time frame on it. However, if we look at the performance this year, we're in the 46% range, still about
400 basis points from the 42% target that you had laid out. So can you maybe just talk about the path to
getting there from a financial perspective? Is it all about the return of card loan growth and the revenue
growth that comes with it? Or is there more from the digital transformation on the cost side? And if cost is
part of it, can you maybe just talk about what some of those drivers are and what the timing is in terms of
us getting there?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. So Ryan, if -- the efficiency -- our journey and the success we had over a number of years really until
the pandemic sort of set things back a bit was driven kind of mathematically, of course, by the 2 factors:
sustained revenue growth and the efficiencies that were coming particularly from transforming to a more
digital operating model. And I think the same things that drove our efficiency ratio down over the years
are going to be the same drivers going forward.

When -- at the time that we gave the guidance on 42%, we were -- there were a lot of things coming
together that not only on the efficiency side, things like getting out of data centers, things like the step-up
that in the Walmart revenue sharing relationship, but very much, we were looking at accelerating growth
opportunities in our businesses, particularly our consumer businesses. So the pandemic set that back. And
so the -- I would still say the biggest driver of the efficiency gains that we will continue to work toward
will be on the revenue side because we still continue to invest in the digital opportunities that are, in fact,
enabling the revenue growth.

And one thing that we've talked about is that we -- we're now finished with our eighth year of our tech
transformation. And in many ways, this will be a lifelong transformation, but we -- this has been a --
starting at the bottom of the tech stack journey. And over time, we've been working our way up the tech
stack. And the more we get up the tech stack, the more the opportunities are things that, well, actually,
the world can see, things that customers can experience and things that can more directly enable growth.
And that's why I mentioned on my comments about marketing is that some of the marketing opportunities
we see are, in fact, specifically enabled by our tech transformation. So therefore, while tech continues to
create efficiency opportunities, it is also the basis for a number of our growth opportunities, and we really
want to take advantage of those. We're leaning in. And of course, it takes investment to do that. So that's
why I think growth -- revenue growth is -- I would expect it to still be the bigger driver of our efficiency
journey on a net basis than on the cost side. But really, the key is having revenue growth that exceeds the
growth in expenses, of course.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Moshe Orenbuch.

Moshe Ari Orenbuch

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. So Rich, in the past, you've always -- you've had a tendency to see the loan growth kind of lag the
marketing spend and account growth based upon credit lines and have talked about the need to kind of
incubate those accounts and increase their credit lines over time to get that balance and revenue growth.
Could you talk a little bit about where you sit in that now given the unusual nature, kind of where we are
in the economic cycle?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Right. Well, thank you, Moshe. The -- with our strategy of relatively lower lines, we've often talked about
how, in many ways, the primary credit risk and the primary growth comes really on the line increase side
more so than just the originations themselves. And so what we have often done in times of stress or when
there's extra caution, and you will remember, Moshe, in probably 18 months prior to this downturn, maybe
2 years, we were also talking cautiously about lines because we said we are so long in the tooth on this
economy.

And so that has been our strategy for managing risk is to try to hold the lines down where we can
continue to lean into the origination side of the business and then open up the lines as we see more of
the sun coming out and more opportunity at one customer at a time. So where we stand on that, we've
been particularly tight on the lines during this downturn. But I think that as we watch the pandemic play
out, I think that we see opportunities one customer at a time. But collectively, pulling up on this, we do
see important opportunities for increasing those lines. And as we do that, that can put some momentum
around the loan growth in a way that you don't just get from originations, which we're also leaning into.

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. And maybe as a follow-up. When I would get the question in the past about what could cause
rewards rates to kind of moderate or come down, I had said an economic downturn. And obviously, we've
got some form of an economic downturn, if anything that's gone the other way. Any thoughts about kind
of intensity of rewards competition and how to think about that into next year or 2?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. It's a really interesting question, Moshe, whether rewards rates -- whether a downturn causes reward
rates to go down or up. So the case for down, in other words, for people -- for the competition to get
less intense about that is that people are pulling back, they're spending less, and they're more concerned
about riding through the downturn than they are about trying to grow quite a bit.

Here's the flip side to that argument and the thing that I think is dominating in that particular tug-of-war.
And that is that what is most striking about the pullback, probably true in any downturn, but especially
in this one, is how much the spending -- how much pullback there has been in spending and what a
pullback there has been in spending by heavy spenders. And I think that's not just a point about heavy
spenders. It's partly what heavy spenders spend their money on, which is travel and entertainment on a
disproportional basis relative to others, and those are the sectors that have been absolutely flacked here.

So it's generally the case that the heavy spenders from a credit point of view, everything that we have
seen would be consistent that they perform well in a downturn. They just get more conservative in their
spending. Travel opportunities and things like that don't necessarily look so enticing, and certainly, the
case in this downturn. And so I think what happens is a response from players to lean into increasing
inducement to generate the volumes that people want to get. We have seen significant increases in
upfront bonuses. We've seen increases in reward levels. And I think that's probably a natural thing for us
to expect in this particular environment, even though paradoxically, it's associated with so much pullback.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Can you hear me okay?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Hi, Betsy.

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Hi, Betsy.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay, thanks. My question is just on how to think about the reserve levels and the reserve release from
here. And I know the questions ask a little bit, but the reason I'm raising it is I think you said that your
reserve today is based on an unemployment rate of 8% at 2021. I know there's a lot more inputs than
just that, but that's -- that 8% at year-end '21 is similar to last quarter's. Yet at the same time, I know,
Rich, you mentioned that every quarter that goes by with good credit is like a reduction of peak, if not
a pushout. So how should I triangulate that? Should we be anticipating really more aggressive reserve
releases as the quarters come through that are not so bad? Or is there something else going on in the
reserving analysis that we should be thinking about?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Betsy, why don't I take that one? So look, I think that the -- as I mentioned a couple of times, I think the
biggest consideration in our reserve right now is just the uncertainty and trying to make sure that we're
capturing all of the scenarios in thinking about that. And that is resulting in us having a really high level
of qualitative reserves on top of our modeled risk. And so even in the current quarter where, you're right,
our 2010 fourth quarter estimate of unemployment at around 8% is consistent with where we were last
quarter.

During the full year, we're expecting lower levels of unemployment than what we had forecasted or used
in our allowance a quarter ago. And so that, coupled with -- we saw the passage of stimulus, were both
factors that drove the release this quarter. But we still have -- even with the positive trends, we put on
even more qualitative factors because it's just really hard to forecast where this thing is going to go and
how it may play out. And we're -- in the allowance, we continue to expect that we will see the very low
levels of credit come up and meet the high levels of unemployment that we see today.

And I really do believe that we will, over time, see that play out exactly how that relationship is going to
normalize. And if it doesn't normalize, then we're going to have allowance releases, and they're going to
come in over time. But until we start to see kind of more evidence that, that relationship is going to stay
kind of at the levels where it is, I would expect that we're going to continue to reserve against a variety of
downside scenarios.

Operator

We'll take the final question from Bob Napoli.

Robert Paul Napoli
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Congratulations, Scott, and look forward to hearing where you're heading.

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Thanks, Bob.

Robert Paul Napoli
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Rich, a question on the -- just on the tech investments and the -- I don't know if you can quantify at all
for us, maybe for, Scott, the amount that you're spending on technology versus several years ago with the
growth in those investments. And then maybe more importantly, what do you feel differentiates you the
most from other banks or fintechs with the changes or the upgrades and the technology and what's on the
road map for further upgrades?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Okay. Bob, we don't break out our tech investments, but Capital One, I think, relative to banks our size,
invests quite a bit more in technology than my sense is of what other banks our size invest in. By the way,
our primary competitive set is the big national banks, and they have jacked-up tech budgets. So we don't
-- we certainly know also what we're up against. But let me just talk about again, so philosophically, what
we've done.

Look, I think when most banks -- I think companies, in general, when they're looking -- everybody knows
they've got to invest more in technology. And even as recently as this quarter, so many companies said
they're increasing their technology spend. And I almost can't imagine companies not feeling the need to
do that as they face an accelerating digital revolution. The thing that's very common that companies do is
they make their biggest investments at the top of the tech stack, meaning the things that are closest to
the consumer, investing in apps, investing in experiences for customers or associates or things that can
more directly and immediately manifest in improvements, and there's no -- it's a very natural thing to do.

Capital One has taken the unlikely journey, the -- a little bit the road less traveled by to have our
investment primarily at the bottom of the tech stack. So we're talking down at core systems and data and
addressing vendor products and their role in this thing, bringing lots of things in-house, bringing a lot of
engineering in-house. And it's been a journey that -- and you know this, Bob, and other investors on this
call know that they would often say, I know you're investing a lot. You're talking about it, but I can't see it.
Because the problem is if you were to improve one system in the core systems, it doesn't really manifest
itself in something that the outside world can see. And this is really the essence of the challenge that we
and our investors who have patiently owned our stock of this journey that we're going through.

What we so deeply believe at the outset of this journey and absolutely believe now that in order to
compete with the tech companies, in order to be a modern company and be able to go where banking is
going to go is one really needs a modern tech stack. And that's a hard thing for a startup bank to build.
It's a really hard thing for a legacy company to build. Now I think it was a little easier for Capital One, only
that we were in a sense, an original fintech 3 decades ago, and so maybe don't have as much legacy as a
lot of companies do, but it's still been a very significant journey.

So -- but I think when you say how do we compare ourselves with other companies, I think other
companies have. I think there's a lot of good things other companies that go, and they are doing. They
have really nice apps for their customers and everything else. But I think more and more Capital One is
built like a tech company and like some of the leading tech companies that are changing the world. And I
think it was a little bit of a shock to some folks when one day we said, by the way, we're getting entirely
out of data centers and into the cloud. And that's the kind of thing that could only come as a product of
many years of this. And it's not an accident that almost no big enterprise legacy companies have, in fact,
made that journey.

Now where does -- but what it puts us in a position to do is that -- is to drive for opportunities and act
more and more like a tech company and be able to be more dynamic, faster to the market, create --
offer better products, a better customer experience. And that gives us the opportunity to transform
how we work, really how a bank works on the inside from risk management, fraud, credit, compliance,
operational execution. It enables us to build our national bank and lean into that. It enables us to win

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

some partnerships that -- in head-to-head competition. We -- I feel that we won by virtue of the -- some
of the tech capabilities we had. It enables us to achieve better economics and not so much in saving
on -- well, partly tech-on-tech costs like massive vendor costs that we can save. But at the same time,
we're investing a lot in tech so that the big net saving is not so much tech costs as it is the opportunity to
reduce analog costs over time.

So that's kind of a long answer to your question. But when we look out and said, over time, we're going
to want to do that or we're going to want to do this thing over there or we're going to do that thing over
there, in each case, we saw a shared path of investment and transformation that we would need to do.
And we're well down that path. We are not done. In many ways, it's a lifelong journey. But I think our
opportunities are increasing as we get further down this path.

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Thanks, everybody, for joining us on this conference call. I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on
this conference call today. Thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. And remember that the
Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a
good evening, everyone.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now
disconnect.

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President
Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

