Capital One Financial Corporation 

NYSE:COF
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 21, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(1.54)

(1.61)

NM

0.89

(3.60)

7.24

Revenue  (mm)

6839.50

6556.00

(4.14 %)

6829.29

27898.93

28465.51

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-21-2020 5:55 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

2.92

2.35

1.02

(1.54)

3.32

2.49

(3.02)

(1.61)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13.70 %

5.96 %

NM

NM

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO &
President

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Eric Edmund Wasserstrom
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

John Hecht
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robert Paul Napoli
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Capital One Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
Today's conference is being recorded. Thank you.

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you
may begin.

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Thanks very much, Matt. And I'd like to also welcome everyone to Capital One's Second Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the
Internet, please log on to Capital One's website, capitalone.com, and follow the links from there. In
addition to the press release and the financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our second
quarter 2020 results.

With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;
and Mr. Scott Blackley, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Scott will walk you through the
presentation.

To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on
Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain
forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-
looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date
or dates indicated in the materials.

Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these
factors, please see the section entitled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation
and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports that are accessible at the Capital One
website and filed with the SEC.

Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Blackley. Scott?

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Jeff. Capital One recorded a net loss for the second quarter of $918 million or $2.21 per diluted
common share, primarily driven by a $2.7 billion allowance build, reflecting the economic downturn related
to the COVID-19 pandemic. Adjusting items impacted operating expenses during the quarter and totaled
$276 million or $0.60 a share, including a provision for legal matters as well as costs related to our cyber
incident. Net of these adjusting items, our EPS was a loss of $1.61 per share.

Turning to Slide 4. I'll cover the allowance in more detail. The second quarter allowance build of $2.7
billion consists of $1.7 billion in card, $668 million in auto and $330 million in commercial. Our allowance
is based primarily on an economic forecast derived from the consensus of third-party economists. That
forecast includes unemployment in the second quarter of 16.9% falling to 11.5% at the end of 2020 and
gradually improving over the course of 2021 to end at 8.1%. Of course, our strong credit performance so
far shows that the normal relationship between unemployment and consumer credit has been significantly
altered by lending hardship programs and especially by government stimulus, including direct consumer
support through the CARES Act. Looking ahead, in our allowance, we've assumed no such benefit from
further stimulus beyond the residual benefits of the existing legislation, which starts running out after July.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

On Slide 5, you can see the impact of our coverage ratios for various businesses. Our total allowance
coverage now stands at 6.7% of loans compared to 2.7% at the end of the year for 2019. Our domestic
coverage ratio -- our domestic card coverage ratio is now 11.6%, and our branded card ratio is 13.5%.
Recall that the primary difference between these ratios is driven by loss-sharing agreements in our
partnership portfolio. Our auto coverage now stands at 4.3%, and our commercial reserve coverage is
2.5%.

Moving to Slide 6. I'd like to discuss our liquidity position. As we've talked about for years, we have always
focused on conservatively managing capital and liquidity, and that's serving us well as we navigate the
COVID-19 pandemic. You can see that our preliminary average liquidity coverage ratio during the second
quarter was 146%, up from 145% at the end of the first quarter and well above the 100% regulatory
requirement. Our liquidity reserves from cash, securities and Federal Home Loan Bank capacity increased
to $149 billion at the end of the second quarter, including about $56 billion in cash driven by strong
inflows of consumer deposits.

Turning to Slide 7. I will cover capital. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 12.4% at the end of the
second quarter, up 40 basis points from the first quarter, notwithstanding our large allowance build in the
quarter. Recall that beginning in 2020, our CET1 calculation excludes the mark-to-market impact from our
available-for-sale security portfolio. At quarter end, that portfolio had an unrecognized after-tax gain of
$2.4 billion, which represents approximately 80 basis points of potential regulatory capital.

During the quarter, the Federal Reserve released the results of their stress tests. Our capital requirement
under the stress capital buffer framework, as calculated by the Federal Reserve, was 10.1% or
approximately 230 basis points below our current capital levels. In conjunction with the release of the
stress test results, the Federal Reserve also announced an additional fall stress test and a limitation on
third quarter dividends based on the average quarterly net income for the prior 4 quarters. While our
recent CCAR capital plan included a planned $0.40 quarterly dividend, based on the Fed's new cumulative
earnings rule, we expect to reduce our third quarter common stock dividend to $0.10 per share, subject to
Board approval.

Turning to Slide 8. You can see that our net interest margin was 5.78% in the quarter, which is
approximately 100 basis points lower than the first quarter and the prior year linked quarter. The quarter-
over-quarter decline was largely driven by a shift in our asset mix as average cash increased to $43
billion and average card balances shrunk by 11%. In addition to this mix shift, the low rate environment
further pressured net interest margin. With the low interest rate environment and the continued economic
uncertainty, we expect to maintain elevated levels of cash in the near term.

During the quarter, we deployed approximately $15 billion of cash to increase the size of our investment
portfolio, prepay Federal Home Loan Bank advances and to buy back a portion of our senior unsecured
debt in our first-ever debt tender offer. Even with these actions, our cash at the end of the quarter was at
an all-time high of $56 billion, up $25 billion from the end of the first quarter. The low rate environment
is also a headwind to NIM improvement. To give you a sense of magnitude, our disclosed year-end 2019
interest rate sensitivities would suggest an approximately $500 million reduction in annual interest
income based on the over 100 basis point decline in the yield curve that we've seen year-to-date. Looking
forward, our NIM trends will depend on how the impacts of the downturn play out across our balance
sheet, including asset mix, deposit balances and deposit pricing and our cash position.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Rich. Rich?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Scott. I'll begin on Slide 10, which summarizes second quarter results for our credit card
business. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic drove second quarter results across all of our business
segments. In our credit card business, loan balances, purchase volume and revenue declined year-over-
year. And as Scott just discussed, we posted a significant allowance build.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Credit Card segment results are a function of our domestic card results and trends, which are shown on
Slide 11. Domestic card ending loan balances shrank by $3.6 billion or 3% year-over-year, while average
loans declined 1%. Excluding the impact of the Walmart portfolio acquisition, ending loans shrank by
around 10% year-over-year, while average loans were down about 8%. Purchase volume for the quarter
declined 15.5% compared to the prior year quarter. Looking at weekly trends, the year-over-year decline
in purchase volume was down 32% in the second week of April and has since rebounded.

Over the last 3 weeks ended July 17, the year-over-year decline has averaged just 3%. Total company net
interchange revenue for the second quarter was down about 18% year-over-year. The declines in total --
excuse me, the declines in loan balances and purchase volumes are a result of several factors: the broader
effects of the pandemic, consumers behaving rationally in response to the COVID economic shutdown,
and our choices to pull back in marketing and tighten underwriting. As they've done in prior downturns,
consumers are pulling in their spending and paying down balances. This cautious behavior is an important
driver of both declining volumes and our strong credit performance. Revenue decreased 7% year-over-
year. Revenue declined more than average loans as revenue margin decreased 105 basis points compared
to the second quarter of 2019. The majority of the revenue margin decrease was driven by the expected
impact of the revenue sharing agreement on the acquired Walmart portfolio and the revenue benefit in
the second quarter of last year from our choice to exit several small partnerships. Lower net interchange
revenue also contributed to the revenue margin decline.

Noninterest expense was down $258 million from the second quarter of last year largely driven by our
choice to pull back on marketing. Provision for credit losses was up by $1.9 billion year-over-year, as a
result of the large COVID-driven allowance build. Second quarter credit results were strikingly strong,
especially in the context of the pandemic. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 4.53%, a 33 basis
point improvement year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 2.74%, a 66 basis
point improvement from the prior year. Several factors likely drove the striking improvement. Credit
performance is benefiting from resilience choices we made before the downturn began. Consumers are
behaving cautiously and paying down debt. Government stimulus is dramatically altering the normal
relationship between the unemployment rate and consumer credit, at least in the short term. And
widespread forbearance across the banking industry is helping consumers manage through financial
stress.

We are helping domestic card customers who have been impacted by the COVID downturn. We've
provided more detailed information on domestic card forbearance on Slide 12. We currently offer a 30-
day skip pay with an option to renew. At the end of the second quarter, total enrollments were running at
about 50,000 per week, down from more than 150,000 per week at the end of the first quarter. In recent
weeks, approximately 2/3 of weekly enrollments were renewals. At quarter end, first time enrollments
were down 87% from the peak in early April. As of June 30, about 2% of active accounts have enrolled
at any time since the pandemic began; however, most of these customers have since exited the program.
At the end of the quarter, about 20 basis points of the customer base were enrolled and eligible to skip
their next payment and another 40 basis points were enrolled in the program last month and skipped their
payment as permitted. A portion of these customers may reenroll. Of all customers who have participated
in the program at any point, approximately 92% were current when they first enrolled. Over the life of the
program, we've seen largely positive customer outcomes. For customers ending their first 30-day skip pay
period, more than half have made their required payment in the subsequent month, and approximately
20% have reenrolled for another month. Customers with multiple enrollments have made payments at a
lower, but still healthy rate.

Slide 13 summarizes second quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. Ending loans increased
11% year-over-year, while average loans for the second quarter grew 8%, driven by our auto business.
When the COVID downturn began, we tightened our underwriting box in auto to focus on the most
resilient assets. Two factors drove second quarter results -- second quarter growth. While the auto market
declined sharply at the end of the first quarter, it is rebounding. The rebound thus far has been stronger
for larger franchise dealers, the part of the market where we're focused. And our digital products and
services are driving growth in direct-to-consumer originations and growth with dealers who want to
provide a touchless car buying experience in response to social distancing. Our dealer relationship strategy

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

and the digital infrastructure and capabilities we've built from the bottom up, put us in a strong position to
grow high-quality auto loans even with tighter underwriting.

Ending deposits in the Consumer Bank were up $41.6 billion or 20% year-over-year. Deposit growth
was fueled by the stimulus-driven increase in personal savings. Average deposit interest rate for the
quarter decreased 37 basis points compared to the prior year quarter. Most of our moves to reduce deposit
rates occurred late in the quarter in response to the market interest rate environment and competitive
dynamics. Consumer Banking revenue decreased 6% from the second quarter of last year. Underlying
revenue growth from higher auto loans and retail deposits was more than offset by differences in the
timing of Federal Reserve rate cuts preceding our deposit pricing moves.

Noninterest expense in Consumer Banking was up 3%. Volume-driven growth in expenses was partially
offset by our efforts to tightly manage costs. Second quarter provision for credit losses increased $711
million year-over-year, again driven by the allowance build that Scott discussed. Our auto business posted
strong credit results in the second quarter. The charge-off rate was up just 7 basis points compared to the
prior year quarter to 1.16%. The delinquency rate improved 282 basis points year-over-year to 3.28%.
This strong performance is a result of forbearance, government stimulus, cautious consumer behavior,
resilience choices we made before the downturn began, and better-than-expected auction values. We
currently offer a 30-day skip pay with an option to renew to our auto customers who have been impacted
by the downturn.

As you can see on Page 14, enrollments are trending down. At the end of the second quarter, total
enrollments were running at about 30,000 per week, down from over 100,000 per week at the end of
the first quarter. In recent weeks, approximately 60% of weekly enrollments were renewals. First time
enrollments were down 90% from the peak in early April. Compared to domestic card, a higher percentage
of auto customers have enrolled in forbearance. As of June 30, about 14% of active accounts have
enrolled at any time since the pandemic began; however, most of those customers have since exited
the program. At the end of the quarter, about 1% of auto customers were enrolled and eligible to skip
their next payment and another 2% were enrolled in the program last month, and skip their payment as
permitted, a portion of these customers may reenroll.

Approximately 75% of customers were current at the time they first enrolled. Over the life of the program,
we've seen largely positive customer outcome. For auto customers ending their first 30-day skip pay
period, more than half have made a payment in the subsequent month and a little more than 1/3 have
reenrolled for another month. Customers with multiple enrollments have also made payments at a healthy
rate.

Moving to Slide 15. I'll discuss our Commercial Banking business. Second quarter ending loan balances
were up 8% year-over-year, driven by customers drawing down lines late in the first quarter. After peaking
in March, line draws have subsided. Second quarter average loans were up 11% compared to the second
quarter a year ago. Average deposits also increased about 10%. Second quarter revenue was down 2%
from the prior year quarter, while noninterest expense was essentially flat. Provision for credit losses
increased $345 million compared to the second quarter of 2019. The largest impact was an allowance
build driven by the factors Scott discussed and by downgrades to credits in industries that are most
impacted by COVID.

Energy had a modest release this quarter as specific reserves set in the first quarter were converted to
charge-offs in the second quarter. We've provided a breakout of our oil and gas portfolio composition and
reserves on Slide 19. The Commercial Banking charge-off rate for the quarter was 0.51%. The criticized
performing loan rate for the quarter increased compared to both the prior year and linked quarters to
7.7% and the criticized nonperforming loan rates rose modestly to 0.9%.

I'll close tonight with some thoughts on our results in the quarter and our positioning for the future.
Capital One's second quarter results were driven by the near-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
A significant allowance build and declining revenue drove negative earnings per share. Consumer credit
trends were very strong. We further fortified liquidity and our CET ratio -- CET1 ratio increased to 12.4%.
Based on the new cumulative earnings rule that the Federal Reserve announced in the quarter, we expect
to reduce our third quarter common stock dividend to $0.10 per share, subject to our Board's approval.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Pulling way up, we're more than halfway through a year, none of us will ever forget, Capital One started
the year with significant momentum, then COVID-19 hit an inflection point in March, driving a sudden
shutdown of economic activity, a sharp increase in unemployment. And along with it, the biggest and
fastest government response since the great depression. We are well positioned by the choices we made
before this downturn started. Since our founding days, we have hardwired resilience into the choices we've
made on credit, capital and liquidity through good times and bad. As a result, we entered the downturn
with strong and resilient credit trends, a fortified balance sheet and deep experience in successfully
navigating through prior periods of stress, including the Great Recession. Our investments to transform
our technology and how we work and our efforts to drive the company to digital are powering our
response to the pandemic. Our technology transformation enables us to develop and scale up compelling
digital customer experiences, as social distancing increases demand for digital engagement.

Automation facilitates rapid changes and enhancement in underwriting and analytics and our cloud-based
modern technology infrastructure seamlessly supports a virtual work environment for 80% of our total
associate population. When the pandemic took hold, we took immediate actions to protect the well-being
of our associates, customers and communities. And we took actions to manage credit risk and further
strengthen resilience. We tightened underwriting and pulled back marketing. We fortified our liquidity and
capital, and we significantly built our allowance for credit losses.

We continue to lean in to resilience to weather the storm with strength and stay ready for opportunities
that will emerge as the cycle plays out. As we manage through the near-term challenges, we also continue
to focus on the things that create long-term value. One area of continuing focus is efficiency. Prior to
the pandemic, we were on a sustained trajectory of improvement. We posted improvements in annual
operating efficiency ratio in 5 of the last 6 years, driven by revenue growth and digital productivity gain.
While the pandemic has interrupted our progress, it has not changed our journey or the milestones along
the way. Based on where we are in the downturn, we don't have the visibility to commit to the specific
timing, but we remain committed to getting to 42% annual operating efficiency ratio over time with
further improvements from there.

COVID-19 has thrown us and other companies across the economy a big curveball, but it hasn't changed
where we think our business is headed or the long-term strategic opportunities that will be created as
digital continues to bring sweeping changes to how we work, how we interact with each other and how
we experience the world every day. In fact, the pandemic appears to be accelerating digital change
everywhere we look. We believe that our shareholders, customers and associates will be well served
by our 8-year strategic commitment to digital transformation and our steadfast focus on resilience. We
remain well positioned to weather the downturn, emerge with strength and deliver shareholder value over
the long term. And now we'll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance
Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] If you have any follow-up
questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Matt, please
start the Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

A couple of questions. Just first off, I wanted to understand a little bit about the folks who had enrolled
but are no longer enrolled. You have those nice charts on the auto and the domestic card. And I wanted
to understand the folks that have rolled off, what has their payment history been like? And what are you
anticipating over the next quarter from them?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

So Betsy, the no longer enrolled population includes all customers who have either made a payment or
completed a billing cycle following the forbearance period and have not reenrolled. As such, it is mostly
customers who have resumed regular payment patterns, but also includes a much smaller group of
customers who have not resumed paying us and are advancing in -- or toward delinquency. You get
visibility to customers in that situation through our normal delinquency reporting.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. And so my follow-up is the delinquencies look really good this quarter, and we see it every month,
obviously, when you give us a master trust data and the managed data. So I guess I'm wondering why
you think there's that disconnect. And given the 11% reserve ratio, you already have set aside against
card and the low level of delinquencies you have, do you see much in the way of reserve build in 2Q -- in
3Q versus 2Q?

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Betsy, why don't we work backwards, and I'll go to your question on the allowance. With the allowance
from here, it's really going to depend on some of the major drivers of our reserve build in the quarter. I
talked about those being our economic scenario and our approach to stimulus. And I feel like those had
both a conservative bias when I look at them at this point. So I would say that I feel very good about the
allowance that we've got today, given what we've seen since the end of the quarter. But in the future,
I think it's going to come down, too. If the economic outlook and forecasts get worse, then that would
lead to an allowance build. And then on the other side of that, all else being equal, if we did see more
stimulus, that would be a positive to the allowance, and we could see an offset to the potential effects of
the economic scenario that we built the allowance on this quarter. So I don't have a specific guide for you
as to whether we think it's going to be going up or down but, hopefully, that gives you a sense of what
may drive it in the future.

Operator

Next question will come from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So maybe first on the dividend. So it looks like the capacity to keep the dividend was higher for 3Q. So
I guess, are you factoring in the income test staying in place beyond this quarter? And do you expect to
maintain the dividend beyond this quarter? And then I guess, second, if you did maintain the $0.10, it
does seem like there's a pretty sizable bounce back in earnings for the back half of the year. So can you

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

maybe just clarify what's been baked in? And just lastly, how quickly do you think you could reinstate the
dividend? I have a follow-up.

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Ryan. That was about 4 questions, build into one, but let me give you a couple of thoughts.
So on the $0.10 dividend, I think if you did the math, which is based off of net income. Technically, I think
we could pay about a $0.13 dividend this quarter. We rounded down to a $0.10. And of course, that's
subject to our Board approving that at some point in the future. And in terms of looking forward with Q4,
look, at this point, we -- I honestly don't know how the Fed rules are going to play out into the fourth
quarter. We don't know how that income limitation test is going to work if they're going to continue it
on. You know that they've instituted a fall stress test for all of the 33 banks in CCAR. So I'm not going to
give a guide on where the dividend is going to be next quarter. We're committed to continuing to have a
dividend. I appreciate how important that is to a number of our owners. And then I would just say, with
respect to earnings, we do have a net loss for the 3 cumulative quarters ended Q2. I think that we would
need to make over $1.1 billion next quarter in order to pay a dividend. Whether or not that's going to
happen, I think, is going to be really largely driven on what happens with the allowance, and I just talked
about some of the drivers there. So look, I don't mean to not be specific as to whether or not we're going
to pay it, but I would just leave you with, we are committed to doing the best we can to make sure that
we preserve a dividend.

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And I'll try to be brief with my second one. So I guess, Rich, if you think about it, you have a bird's
eye view of the most impacted verticals, consumers via card and auto, commercial, including oil and gas
and some high impacted commercial real estate. Can you maybe rank in order for us to just talk about
your concerns in each of the asset classes, where you're feeling better or worse relative to 3 months ago?
And then second, you talked about forbearance helping in the near term. Can you just maybe help us
understand how to think about that historical relationship between unemployment and losses? Because it
seems like you're reserving for a lot of historical relationships coming to fruition. But clearly, we could see
benefits from the forbearance, helping customers make payments as you've showed in the slide.

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Okay, Ryan. So on a little comparison here. Let me start with how the various parts of our business,
the industries we're in entered the downturn. Our consumer business is -- the industries we felt that
were particularly healthy, the card business, I'd put at the top of the list in terms of a rational industry,
conservative underwriting by the players there and the consumer was also, given how long in the tooth
the downturn was. The consumer was still acting very rationally as well. So all of those things are
very different from the Great Recession and how we entered it -- the industry entered that one. The
auto business, I give it pretty high marks going in for similar reasons, a pretty strong consumer and
a competitive environment that always kind of amplified and volatile, if you will, by dealer being an
intermediary in the middle, but pretty rational. We were concerned much more about the commercial
business because of practices, credit practices; and behaviors, underwriting behaviors, that we saw mostly
outside of the banking industry in the institutional marketplace, but which it's hard to avoid having that
impact, the commercial banking part of the business as well.

So since then, to me, the thing that I'm most struck by is, how strong the -- yet again, the consumer
steps up and the rationality of the consumer, I am so struck by, the pulling back on purchases; savings
rates going way up; payment rates, which also are kind of a hidden factor in slowing down growth but
are on the flip side of good credit. Those behaviors have just been very apparent across our consumer
lending businesses. The big -- and so -- and I've always throughout my 3 decades of doing this, building
this company, been very struck by how rational the consumer is, and we see that there. The huge sort of
elephant in the room on the consumer side, and it's an elephant on the commercial side as well is what
happens to government stimulus. And I just think a lot of things have lined up that have softened the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

impact for consumers, even really those who have been unemployed. And so we are seeing this great
paradox of extraordinary credit performance in the middle of the worst economy metrics in our lifetimes.
So I think that's a hard one to prognosticate where it goes from here, but I'd give really high marks to
the strength of the consumer. And I see solid continuing underwriting behavior by competitors in that
marketplace.

Commercial is really a blend of so many different marketplaces. And so on the -- while we have a lot of
-- there's a lot of healthy industries we're in and where do we look with concern at the top of our list is
energy, which was already taking it on the chin before the downturn and is now struggling now even more
so with what's happening to oil prices. The places that -- other places, of course, in commercial real estate
hotel, we have very small exposure there. That's not a good area. We're pleased that we dialed back a
lot on our retail CRE exposure. So we feel quite good there. We have an eye out on the multifamily side
just for the, what happens with the forbearance programs. For example, in New York, we're coming to
the end of the 90-day moratorium on evictions and the increased unemployment pay. So I think there
is uncertainty there. So it's a tale of a lot of different cities in commercial. But if I pull way up on just --
every month as we go through the downturn with strong credit performance, that's one more month of
progress and it limits, it lessens, the extent of the downside in the rest of the pandemic. But we've got the
big wildcard as we referred to, you see it reflected in our allowance build. And therefore, we're managing
in a very dichotomous situation here that is quite extraordinary to experience.

Operator

Next question will come from Rick Shane with JPMorgan.

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'm really struck by the difference between the utilization of the customer assistance programs on the auto
side and the card side. Is that a reflection in the current environment of the utility of a credit card versus
the utility of a car? Or is it a function of the amortizing nature of auto loans versus the minimum payment
ability on a card?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

I think it is -- there are several things going on. There is -- and you see this affected Capital One and
you can also see it across the industry. There's just naturally a lot more ambient demand for forbearance
programs in the auto business than there is in card. By the way, you could also add mortgage into that
comment that there's a lot of demand there. So one fundamental reason is that auto payments are
typically much higher than card minimum payments. And so they're just more likely to be beyond the
reach of a given customer, whose income is disrupted. And within both businesses, not just as we compare
across the 2 businesses, but within both businesses, we've seen a strong correlation between demand for
forbearance programs and the size of the payment due.

The second reason, I think, also in that auto, the stakes are higher for the customer. And they're very
motivated to make sure that they can keep the car. So we're not surprised by these differences. One
thing that I think is just a point -- an investor point here is that because a relatively small number of our
card customers have, in fact, raised their hand to opt into programs and so many of them are already
getting out of them, I think you're able to have a really clear -- pretty darn clear window into the credit
performance of Capital One, even inclusive of the forbearance programs. It's a little harder to -- because
the auto forbearance numbers are larger, it's not quite as clear in terms of where the credit numbers over
time will go, even though we are certainly very bullish about how well the program is performing. But I
think what I'm -- I sometimes feel investors are a little bit throwing their hands up and say, in a period of
-- with all this forbearance going on as individual companies, how are we able to read the credit metrics. I
think there is a high level of clarity on the card side, in particular, at the moment.

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Got it. And that actually segues perfectly into my follow-up, which is that when we look then at the
reserve or the allowance levels for each of the products, the implied loss frequency on card is substantially
higher. Is the way to think of that, the longer this persists there is more embedded risk in the card
portfolio?

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Well, I think that the loss rates on card are higher because it's unsecured product. Rick, I also think that
when it comes to the auto business, we have fairly high levels of recovery on the collateral there. And then
in the reserving that we've done this particular quarter in auto, a portion of that was actually driven by the
growth that we saw there. So I think they're just different asset classes with different characteristics. And
certainly, the average card book has higher losses than what we see in our auto book.

Operator

Our next question will come from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I guess I have a 2-part question, which are my 2 questions on preprovision earnings. Scott, maybe you
could just outline how you see the NIM and revenue unfolding over the course of the year? And maybe any
other expense mitigation efforts you might have? And then secondly, as far as loan growth is concerned,
Rich talked about the improving trends in purchase volume, you've also had some of the auto finance --
other auto finance players talking about OEM production increasing, and that might lead to more dealer
inventory to sell and loan growth. Could you just talk about broadly sort of loan growth as it unfolds over
the rest of the year?

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

So Sanjay, I'll start off on some thoughts around NIM. And it certainly feels like NIM is kind of at the low
end of where I would expect it should be for our company, and there's a few factors driving that, which
I talked about in my comments, in talking points. But if you think about where that might be going in
the future, I'd say a couple of things. So first of all, we're working really hard to continue to deploy more
of our cash into higher-yielding investments, whether that's the investment portfolio where I think we
can put some more work there, offsetting wholesale funding, maturities. Those are some examples. But
candidly, given the current rate environment, where we are in this downturn, I would anticipate that cash
levels are going to remain high until we start to see some stabilization there. So we'll try to make some
progress, but I don't think we'll be able to really change that dramatically.

On the asset mix effects, certainly, the decrease in card this quarter was a big headwind on our net
interest margin. I think depending on what happens with our opportunities in the market, where we feel
comfortable continuing to step in, those will be major drivers of what happens to NIM going forward.
And then on the deposit side, I think, the benchmark rates have fallen more than what we've seen in our
pricing. And as Rich talked about in his talking point, some of our pricing actions happened late in the
quarter. So we'll see the full benefit of those coming through next quarter, which should be a tailwind
for NIM. I also think that we're starting to see betas accelerating across the industry. And I think there's
probably more opportunities for continuing to price down deposits at this point in the cycle. So that's kind
of where I see NIM going from here.

On loan growth, look, I think that, that is a bit of a question mark about how this pandemic plays out and
where we see opportunities. We've obviously found that there's some great opportunities in auto in ways
that we feel comfortable with our origination strategy and what we're seeing in there. With respect to
card, there's certainly pockets where we think we can continue to acquire new accounts. And we'll have to
see how payment rates play out because that's a major driver in what happens with outstandings. We've
seen great credit. Part of that is high payment rates. The flip side of that is that, that has a tendency
to drive down outstanding. So on loan growth, I think that we're a little bit kind of looking at what is

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

available in the market that's going to drive our behavior and it's time now to be cautious, but we also are
always looking for opportunities to take advantage of spots where we see the market available to us.

Operator

Our next question will come from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Scott, I know there's some concern around economic weakness in the South and Southwest more recently.
Have you seen anything that would suggest there's some pressure? And also on the forbearance in cards,
it looks like it may have ticked up a little bit. I was just curious if that's continuing to hold steady?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

So Don, we have not seen any big geographical effects. We certainly are on the lookout for them. I
think the government stimulus and the forbearance that's generally going on in the industry has sort
of moderated credit issues broadly across all the geographies. With respect to forbearance, there's a
reasonable amount of variation by state in a way that's intuitive, given the differential impacts of the
virus so far. So for example, in our card business, Florida, New Jersey, New York certainly earlier on, have
been states with some of the highest enrollment rates. So the forbearance thing matches intuition pretty
closely.

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

The one thing I would just say on -- Don, just one more comment on your question about regional
differences. A lot of the information that we're looking at tends to be backward looking. And so as this
pandemic is evolving, we haven't seen anything specific with the South or the Southwest just yet, but that
may be because we're looking at backward-facing data and there may be more coming.

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then, I guess, you had mentioned there's no additional stimulus built into your reserve build.
The $600 extra average weekly unemployment is pretty material. Would you agree that, that could have a
material impact on your charge-offs if that were not extended?

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Well, by the -- that's a big part of why our allowance builds have been the size that they are, is that, we
have certainly seen that there has been an effective income replacement with a lot of the unemployment
benefits that you talked about as well as just other direct-to-consumer stimulus. And to the extent that,
that unemployment is an offset with other programs or even forbearance, our allowance is built on a
premise that, that would translate into higher losses at some point in the future.

Operator

Next question will come from Eric Wasserstrom with UBS.

Eric Edmund Wasserstrom
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Rich or Scott, my question is about the loss curve. My own model is showing in a very usual -- a very
unusual shape, which is that it's pretty flat through the third quarter, then stair-step higher in the fourth
as some of the deferral actions abate. And then step function is higher again in the second quarter of next
year, when the GSE deferral abates on the assumption that some of those deferred cash flows are going to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

service other kinds of debt. So can you just give me a sense of what your own view of the loss curve looks
like and whether it looks unusual relative to probably downturn...

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Eric -- excuse me, Eric? Eric, I'm so sorry. We're having a great deal of difficulty understanding you.

Eric Edmund Wasserstrom
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. Can you hear me better now?

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

It's still a little -- still a little muddled, I'm so sorry.

Eric Edmund Wasserstrom
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Is it any better now?

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

That's much better.

Eric Edmund Wasserstrom
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. Sorry about that. My question was just about your expectations for the shape of the loss curve
whether, in fact, it still looks like a curve or more like a step function at different levels of forbearance
abate, whether it's your own or whether it's things like GSE forbearance, which may influence how other
asset classes perform?

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Eric, one of the challenges that we faced in our allowance is this exact point that you're bringing up.
We've got a delinquency inventory that has incredible low delinquency embedded in it right now and an
unemployment forecast that's suggesting that, that's got to normalize at some point. How that's going
to work out, I think, is going to really depend on what happens with stimulus. If we do see some of the
stimulus just suddenly drop off, I think we will see some cliff function around that starting to translate into
delinquencies. Whether or not how forbearance impacts that, I'm sure that there'll be some tempering
with forbearance that will continue on in those periods. But I would anticipate that the lack of stimulus
would be the major driver in terms of where loss curves would look like here in -- overtime as those
benefits weigh-off.

Eric Edmund Wasserstrom
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. And then my follow-up is just on OpEx. Rich, obviously, good to hear about the reinstation of the
-- reinstatement of the target -- of the efficiency target, but has there been any change or incremental
actions or anything incremental to the prior target that you're looking at given the current circumstances?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

So Eric, there are natural forces in a sharp downturn like this that pressure the revenue trajectory.
Certainly, with the purchase volume decline, the demand for card loans drop and interest rates fall. So
we certainly -- the pressure is certainly coming on the revenue side. So in terms of what we're doing,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

the actions that we're taking, we talked about, we're tightening our extension of new credit, we --
we're pulling back on marketing. And these things naturally put pressure on loan growth. So kind of
to your point, so first of all, on the revenue side, we -- it's not a binary thing to us that, well, there's
a downturn, so therefore, one hunkers down. We have a lot of experience over all these years, living
through downturns. We have -- to us, all of our choices are very, very segment and micro-segment
specific. So there's going to be a real gradient with respect to how we lean into growth opportunities in
this environment.

But I don't want to leave the impression that we're just solely in hunker down mode until the pandemic
ends. But what we have done is we kind of started the downturn with a pretty broad pullback as the world
was kind of in vertical free fall. And then we have really carefully assessed by segment, what is the --
what are we getting as the -- what kind of information we have that can help us predict how consumers
are going to do in this particular pandemic? What are we seeing with respect to adverse selection? Or in
a few cases, maybe even some paradoxical positive selection that you sometimes see in a downturn like
this. So our energy is particularly focused on the response, the differential response, we're doing during
the pandemic and leveraging the information we have, including the ability to get a bunch of information
in real-time because of our tech transformation in order to find some good revenue opportunities.

On the expense side, we are -- have really tightened up on hiring, for example, that's a very natural
thing to do, and we have done that. We are meeting very frequently just working on, overall, how can we
manage our expenses really tightly. And this is all in the context where we're still importantly, making the
necessary investments to manage the pandemic response. We don't want to certainly cut back on that.
We still expect to benefit from the exit of the data centers. Later this year, all of that is unaffected by the
pandemic. And of course, in terms of the total efficiency ratio, the reduction in marketing is a good guy
for total efficiency ratio. So when we look at the -- what it was that drove us to targets of 42% annual
operating efficiency ratio, all of those same factors and the things happening with our business model, the
success in technology and all of that, all of that is still entirely intact with respect to the business model.
This is all about timing at this point. And so we've pulled back on the timing of our commitment to that
target, but the energy and what led us to achieve the kind of success we have on the efficiency side, what
led us to achieve the tech success and all the things that have gotten us where we are on the credit side,
all of that energy is, we're all in on that.

Operator

Our next question will come from Moshe Orenbuch with Crédit Suisse.

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. I guess, Scott and Rich, could you talk a little bit about when you think about the level of
reserves going forward, you talked a lot about -- Scott, talked a lot about stimulus a couple of times. But
assuming that, that's going to be 1 item. But when you think about changes, is it going to be changes in
unemployment? Or how much can the consumer behavior that you've seen that's a positive impact your
kind of expectation for how much reserves are needed? Or is it just going to be based on that employment
number?

Richard Scott Blackley
Chief Financial Officer

Well, I think, Moshe, thus far, a lot of the consumer behavior is driving what we're seeing in terms of
credit performance. So that's a huge part of that -- some of that stimulus. But I think some of it is just
disciplined behavior by consumers and by a lot of our competitors in the industry. As I think about going
forward, I do think that, as I talked about earlier, I think stimulus is going to be a major driver of what
happens with the reserve. But I do believe that the consumer has had that experience from the financial
crisis, a lot of wisdom that has been learned there. And we've seen a lot of discipline in that regard. So I'm
not sure that as I think about where the allowance is going, while unemployment is going to be a major
driver, I think that some of the other factors that we've talked about and Rich mentioned several of them

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

in his talking points are going to be important offsets there in terms of what might happen in terms of the
relationship between unemployment and credit losses as we go forward.

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. And following up on the previous question about marketing, I mean, it's kind of pretty stark when
you think about, you probably have, I don't know, north of a 50% decline in credit card marketing in the
quarter. And you've got volumes actually up double digits in auto. Can you talk a little bit about what
you're seeing in the 2 markets that kind of make that the right way to go right now? And what would
make you want to start marketing, again, more actively in the card space?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

So Moshe, let me just -- let me just talk a little bit about auto and then move to credit card. So we --
actually, in both card and auto, our first response was to tighten underwriting, and we have had a tighter
credit box in both of the businesses. The -- there are a number of things happening in the auto business
that sort of are causing better high-quality volume to come Capital One's way even with the tighter credit
box, and so we're scrutinizing very, very carefully with everything about the -- what we see in this volume
and the early performance. But I wouldn't underestimate the importance of the digital capabilities that we
have that have been helpful during the pandemic. But we'll have to see what competition does over time,
and we're going to again, really, really carefully scrutinize what comes in. There's also in the auto side,
particularly in certain segments of the business, ability to have a lot more information in real time which
can allow one to have more clarity on the customer's condition and situation and how -- and with a better
guess then on how they may perform.

So on the card side, typically, in underwriting, there is less information available. It's an unsecured loan,
of course, and we're even at a time where the reliability of credit bureau information is likely less over
this period of time just because of certain things about companies not reporting on forbearance during
this period of time. So that also makes things a little bit more challenging. Now the flip side of that,
no shift for us. Where we have been -- we always talk about the origination lever and the credit line
lever are 2 separate decisions. And we've always said that the real -- for a lot of our business, the real
exposure comes on the credit line side, not really the origination side. So we have been more leaning in
on the origination side and the conservatism has particularly come with respect to credit lines. And as you
know from having watched us manage that up and -- through time, we're trying to continue to build the
potential energy as carried by the originating new accounts, pulled back for the time being on the credit
line, and then trying to get as much information as we can on each customer and watching very carefully
their situation. Over time, really open up on the credit lines, but the loan growth will come more on the
credit line side, and that is a lever and a dial that we're going to be managing along the way during the
downturn.

So when you -- but you -- so the net effect of all of that is something that ends up with, at this point,
higher volumes in card. And then, the final point I want to make is, the relationship, of course, between
marketing and all of this because dial backs in marketing tend to, therefore, generate lower volumes. So
what -- early on in the downturn, like most of the other players, we dialed back in marketing. What we
are doing is, like everything, is not a one-size-fits-all, but it's going to be a sloped level of marketing by
channel, by segment, by product, but we're hopeful that we can generate some good origination results
over time by a very sloped differential customized effort on the marketing side.

Operator

Our next question will come from John Hecht with Jefferies.

John Hecht
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Rich, a pretty high-level question, but -- and you touched on some of the components of the answer of
this, but I figure I'd still ask it anyway. So you've managed this business through a variety of different

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

downturns and pullbacks. And recognizing that this one is much different than any and they all are
different, I suppose. At this point of the downturn, how do you see yourself as prioritizing different
objectives and what kind of opportunities might come out of that if you can compare and contrast this one
to the last few downturns?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

I think that -- a few things about this downturn that are different. Again, I think on the consumer side,
a significantly more healthy consumer and marketplace going into this one than the last one. So the last
one had to work its way through so many kind of structural problems on the way to getting to the other
side of the downturn. It made the last Great Recession, that was tough. So it's a cleaner situation in the
-- on the consumer side of the business. The really striking thing about this downturn is how immediate it
was. You look back at the Great Recession, I mean, lots of the indicators were there in '07, but this was a
rolling downturn that took a lot of months and even sort of measured in years to play out. In this one, I'm
so struck by the fact that everybody sort of goes down the elevator at the same time. We're talking about
consumers. We're talking about companies who serve them, banks and the government.

And I think the -- so because of the vertical drop down the elevator, where it's not clear what floor it's
going to stop at, you saw such a conservative response by consumers that the flip side -- so that's bad
for volumes, but really good for like credit health, and savings and all the aspects of that. That is really
striking in comparison to any downturn I've seen before. Because of the vertical drop, you've also seen
companies really mobilize in very rational ways and pull back much more quickly than they did in the
downturn, and that leads to a healthier situation as well. And then you -- I think the vertical drop allowed
the political environment to coalesce around significant stimulus programs that would be so difficult if
this were a rolling 18-months to really fully get into this thing. So that -- that to me is what is so unique
about this. And so now it's led to this really extraordinary kind of paradoxical situation where the actual
performance of the customers, and I'm especially talking about the consumer business, the performance is
so strong. And -- but the economic numbers are so bad. A lot of how these things play out is really going
to be driven by choices that happen on the government side or perhaps the collective forbearance choices
that will be made on the -- by the banking industry and beyond.

But another thing that I think is important just as a mental thought here is with -- think about a metaphor
a downturn tends to have. Worsening is like a big mountain, things go way up and then they come down.
With every month of solid performance by the consumer in a sense, we're burrowing a tunnel through
the mountain. And every month that passes, as you get through the mountain, in some sense, all other
things being equal, it can serve to limit some of the downside that can come in even as there's a fairly
rapid ascent, if some of the stimulus, for example, is removed. But in all of this, what -- I find this very
energizing times from a business point of view to look for where are the risks? Where are the differential
opportunities? How can we capitalize on the ability to do real-time underwriting and leverage a lot of
data that is a payoff of our tech transformation? And leverage 3 decades of experience, but also really
understand what is unique about this downturn. And I think we are -- that's what we're spending so
much energy doing right now. And I think across our businesses, there's going to be a very sloped kind of
amount of growth or shrinkage depending on the unique opportunity.

Operator

Our final question of the evening will come from Bob Napoli with William Blair.

Robert Paul Napoli
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Strange times indeed. Most of the questions on credit, but I guess, Rich, I think just one thing. I tend
to agree with your comment that the longer this goes, the less risk, I think, on the consumer side. Do
you think that the stimulus and the consumer reaction has essentially covered some of the charge-offs
that would have occurred, they will not occur because of the stimulus funds that were available. And
then it seems that some people think that companies such as yours don't make any adjustments to the
underwriting side or -- but I -- what percentage of your current borrowers in the credit card business are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

unemployed? And when you're making underwriting new loans, I would assume that new loans don't go to
people who were unemployed. You don't extend credit lines to those that are generally unemployed. But
do you also carry that further and look by industry and say, well, Delta Air Lines is about to layoff half of
their workforce, we probably should be more conservative with airline employees. So just some thoughts
on whether you think those charge-offs are permanently removed because of stimulus potentially. And
then just some comments on the underwriting, how many of your current borrowers are unemployed and
how you have changed underwriting?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. So I don't think we have -- I don't think we have a rigorous measure of how many of our current
borrowers are unemployed. But since we have a big chunk of America, I think that our borrowing base is
reflective of America, and there are a lot of people that are in different degrees of unemployment right
now. And so we -- even as there's such great credit performance right now, what we're accessing about is
kind of looking beyond that, to a number of the things that you've talked about, about how to underwrite
with as much information as we can and as wisely as we can. This is -- past performance is not necessarily
such a great predictor of future performance at a time like this. But we call our whole strategy in Capital
One, the information-based strategy, this is a time where data really matters. And -- so we're putting a
lot of energy into that very thing along the lines of a lot of things that you're talking about. So marshalling
as much information as we can, leveraging the capabilities Capital One has built. Two, having data is one
thing, getting data and leveraging it in real-time is another thing. And that's one of the things that we've
been focused on with respect to our technology transformation.

And then finally, how does one also in a world where you can't be certain on the underwriting side, how
do we put other mitigating protections in, in the structure of how we build our products. And the low-line
credit -- the low-line strategy that Capital One particularly is beneficial at a time like this. Originating with
lower lines and saying, we'll wait for a while on the line increase side of things. But we will continue to
originate the account, subject to the tighter credit box we talked about.

On the auto side, we have invested very heavily in real-time information-based underwriting. And so --
and like I said earlier, the amount of data available in the auto underwriting process in real-time compared
with card is a whole level higher. I mean that's partly an industry point and partly some of the particular
places that we've gone at Capital One. And so I think that with some of the clarity that we're able to see
particularly well there, we can make some good choices. But also we're able to put in more structures,
more protection, stronger pricing into the underwriting that is just -- that's a very important thing in
addition to just the prediction of the underlying risk of the consumer themselves.

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Well, I'd like to thank all of you for joining us on this conference call today, and thank you for your
continuing interest in Capital One. Remember, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to
answer any further questions you may have. Have a good night, everyone.

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you.

Operator
Once again, that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

