Capital One Financial Corporation 

NYSE:COF
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 22, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

4.54

7.71

Revenue  (mm)

7125.23

7374.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-22-2021 12:32 PM GMT

69.82

3.49

4.15

19.05

16.15

7296.17

29035.28

30622.22

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

2.07

2.74

4.05

4.54

5.05

5.29

7.03

7.71

SURPRISE

143.96 %

93.07 %

73.58 %

69.82 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew M. Young
Chief Financial Officer

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO &
President

ANALYSTS

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kevin James Barker
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robert Paul Napoli
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Capital One Second Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Norris,
Senior Vice President of Finance. Sir, you may begin.

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Thanks very much, Holly, and welcome, everyone, to Capital One's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet,
please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the
press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2021 results.

With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and
Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Andrew will walk you through this
presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website,
click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release.

Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding
Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion
and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One
does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ
materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors,
please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the
Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed
with the SEC.

And now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Young. Andrew?

Andrew M. Young
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start on Slide 3 of tonight's presentation. In the second
quarter, Capital One earned $3.5 billion or $7.62 per diluted common share. Included in the results for the
quarter was a $55 million legal reserve build. Net of this adjusting item, earnings per share in the quarter
was $7.71.

On a GAAP basis, pre-provision earnings increased slightly in the sequential quarter to $3.4 billion. We
recorded a provision benefit of $1.2 billion in the quarter as $541 million of charge-offs was offset by a
$1.7 billion allowance release.

Revenue grew 4% in the linked quarter, largely driven by the impact of strong Domestic Card purchase
volume on noninterest income and the absence of the mark on our Snowflake investment a quarter ago.

Period-end loans held for investment grew $6.5 billion or 3%, inclusive of the effect of moving $4.1 billion
of loans to held-for-sale during the quarter. The loans moved to held-for-sale consisted of $2.6 billion of
an International Card partnership portfolio and $1.5 billion in commercial loans.

Turning to Slide 4. I will cover the changes in our allowance in the quarter. We released $1.7 billion of
allowance, primarily driven by observed strong credit performance and an improved economic outlook.

Turning to Slide 5. We provide the allowance coverage ratios by segment. You can see allowance coverage
declined in the quarter across all segments, largely reflecting the dynamics I just described. However,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

coverage ratios remain well above pre-pandemic levels due to continued economic uncertainty as our
allowance is built to absorb a wide range of outcomes.

Our Domestic Card coverage is now 8.9%, down from 10.5% last quarter. Our branded card coverage is
10.1%. Recall that the difference between branded and domestic coverage is largely driven by the loss
sharing agreements in some of our partnership portfolios.

Coverage in our consumer business declined about 60 basis points to 3.0%. In addition to continued
strong credit performance and improved economic outlook, historically high auto values aided the
reduction in coverage. Coverage in our Commercial Banking business declined about 25 basis points to
1.7%, with the single largest driver being the improvement in our energy portfolio.

Turning to Page 6. I'll now discuss liquidity. You can see our preliminary average liquidity coverage ratio
during the first -- during the quarter was 141%. The LCR continues to be well above the 100% regulatory
requirement. Our liquidity reserves from cash, securities and Federal Home Loan Bank capacity ended
the quarter at approximately $137 billion. The $14 billion decline in total liquidity was driven by lower
ending cash balances. Our cash position declined in the quarter as it was redeployed to net loan growth,
wholesale funding maturities, a modest increase in our securities portfolio and share repurchases.

Moving to Page 7. I'll now discuss net interest margin. You can see that our second quarter net interest
margin was 5.89%, 10 basis points lower than the prior quarter. The linked-quarter decline in NIM was
largely driven by lower yield in our card portfolio, where the typical seasonal decrease in revolve rate was
exacerbated by higher transactor volume and associated higher payments. These impacts were partially
offset by the favorable impact from 1 more day in the quarter.

Lastly, turning to Slide 8. I will cover our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio was
14.5% at the end of the second quarter, down 10 basis points from the first quarter. Loan growth and
capital actions were largely offset by earnings growth.

During the quarter, the Federal Reserve released the results of their stress test. Our stress capital
buffer requirement, which will be effective on October 1 of this year, is 2.5%, resulting in a total capital
requirement by the Fed of 7.0%. While we saw a decline in this year's SCB, it's important to note that
the Fed's stress testing results can move around meaningfully from year to year and are only one of
many factors that we use in our capital planning process. Based on our internal modeling, we continue to
estimate that our CET1 capital need is around 11%.

Turning to share repurchases. We repurchased $1.7 billion of common stock in the second quarter, the
full amount allowed under the Fed's capital preservation measures. We have approximately $5.3 billion
remaining of our current Board authorization of $7.5 billion.

Now let me move on to dividends. In the third quarter of 2020, we reduced our dividend to $0.10 due to
the Fed's capital preservation measures. We chose to continue this reduced level of dividend in the fourth
quarter of 2020 out of an abundance of caution. The difference between our historical $0.40 dividend and
the reduced level for those 2 quarters was $0.60 per common share. Therefore, we expect to make up for
the reduced level of dividends from the second half of 2020 by paying a $0.60 special dividend in the third
quarter of 2021.

In addition to the special dividend, we expect to increase our quarterly common stock dividend from $0.40
per share to $0.60 per share in the third quarter. Both the $0.60 special dividend and the increase of our
quarterly common stock dividend to $0.60 will be subject to Board approval.

With that, I will turn the call over to Rich. Rich?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Andrew, and good evening, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 10 with our Credit Card business.

Strong year-over-year purchase volume growth drove an increase in revenue compared to the second
quarter of 2020, more than offsetting a modest year-over-year decline in loan balances. And provision for

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

credit losses improved significantly. Credit Card segment results are largely a function of our Domestic
Card results and trends, which are shown on Slide 11.

Second quarter results reflect building momentum in our Domestic Card business. As we emerge from
the pandemic, consumers are spending more and continuing to make elevated payments. Accelerating
purchase volume growth partially offset the impact of historically high payment rates, resulting in strong
revenue growth and a more modest year-over-year decline in loan balances. High payment rates are
continuing to contribute to strikingly strong credit results.

Domestic Card purchase volume for the second quarter was up 48% from the second quarter of 2020.
Purchase volume was up 25% from the second quarter of 2019, which is an acceleration from the first
quarter when we saw growth of 17% versus 2019. T&E spending continues to catch up to overall spending
and accelerated through the second quarter. In June, T&E purchase volume was up 3% compared to June
of 2019.

At the end of the quarter, Domestic Card loan balances were down $4.1 billion or about 4% year-over-
year. Excluding the impact of a partnership portfolio moved to held-for-sale last year, second quarter
ending loans declined about 2% year-over-year. Compared to the sequential quarter, ending loans were up
about 5%, ahead of typical seasonal growth of 2%.

Credit performance remained strikingly strong. The Domestic Card charge-off rate for the quarter was
2.28%, a 225 basis point improvement year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate at quarter end was
1.68%, 106 basis points better than the prior year. Provision for credit losses improved by about $3.5
billion year-over-year. We swung from a large allowance build in the second quarter last year to a large
allowance release this year.

Let me turn to Domestic Card revenue margin. Purchase volume growth outpacing loan growth and strong
credit were the key drivers of Domestic Card revenue margin, which was up 226 basis points year-over-
year to 17.7%. Revenue margin increased over 50 basis points quarter-over-quarter, higher than our
typical seasonal pattern.

Total company marketing expense was $620 million in the quarter, up $347 million compared to the
second quarter of 2020. Our choices in card marketing are the biggest driver of total company marketing
trends.

As we emerge from the pandemic, we're seeing strong originations and purchase volumes. Our growth
opportunities are enhanced by our technology transformation. We are leaning further into marketing to
drive future growth and continue to build our franchise. At the same time, we're keeping a watchful eye
on the competitive environment, which is intensifying. Pulling up, our Domestic Card business continues to
deliver significant value and build momentum.

Slide 12 summarizes second quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. Auto growth and
exceptional auto credit are the main themes in second quarter Consumer Banking results. Driven by
auto, second quarter ending loans increased 12% year-over-year in the Consumer Banking business.
Average loans also grew 12%. Auto originations were up 56% year-over-year and up 47% from the
linked quarter. Pent-up demand and high auto prices drove a second quarter surge in growth across the
auto marketplace. In the context of increased industry growth, our digital capabilities and deep dealer
relationship strategy continued to drive strong growth in our auto business.

Second quarter ending deposits in the consumer bank were up $4.4 billion or 2% year-over-year. Average
deposits were up 9% year-over-year. Consumer Banking revenue increased 27% from the prior year
quarter, driven by growth in auto loans and retail deposits.

Second quarter provision for credit losses improved by $1.2 billion year-over-year, driven by an allowance
release and lower charge-offs in our auto business. Credit results in our auto business are strikingly
strong. Year-over-year, the second quarter charge-off rate improved 120 basis points to negative 0.12%,
and the delinquency rate was essentially flat at 3.26%.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

In the quarter, elevated used car prices drove an increase in auction proceeds, amplifying the normal
seasonal benefit we see from tax refunds around this time of the year. As used vehicle prices normalize,
they will become a headwind to the auto charge-off rate. we expect the auto charge-off rate to increase
from the unusually low second quarter level.

Moving to Slide 13. I'll discuss our Commercial Banking business. Second quarter ending loan balances
were down 5% year-over-year. Average loans were down 7%. Commercial line utilization continues to
be down year-over-year, and we moved $1.5 billion of commercial real estate loans to held-for-sale.
Quarterly average deposits increased 22% from the second quarter of 2020 and 5% from the linked
quarter as middle market and government customers continue to hold elevated levels of liquidity.

Second quarter revenue was up 3% from the prior year quarter and down 6% from the linked quarter.
The linked quarter decline is more than entirely driven by a onetime cost associated with moving the
commercial real estate loans to held for sale. This decline was offset by an equivalent onetime gain in the
other category and is therefore neutral to the company. Excluding this effect, Commercial Banking revenue
would have increased about 13% year-over-year and 4% from the linked quarter.

Provision for credit losses improved significantly compared to the second quarter of 2020, driven by a
swing from an allowance build to an allowance release and a swing from net charge-offs to net recoveries.
In the second quarter, the Commercial Banking annualized charge-off rate was negative 11 basis points.
The criticized performing loan rate was 7.6%, and the criticized nonperforming loan rate was 1.0%. Our
Commercial Banking business is delivering solid performance as we continue to build our commercial
capabilities.

I'll close tonight with some thoughts on our results and our strategic positioning. Several key themes are
evident in our second quarter results. Credit remains strikingly strong. Purchase volume and loans are
rebounding. We're continuing to invest to propel our future results, and we're returning capital to our
shareholders. We are seeing increasing near-term opportunities to build our Domestic Card business as
we emerge from the pandemic. We are leaning further into marketing to seize these opportunities. We are
also increasing our marketing for auto, national banking and our brand.

We are now in the ninth year of a journey to build a modern technology company from the bottom of
the tech stack up. Our progress is accelerating, and the stakes are rising. Competitor tech investments
are increasing as technology is increasingly seen as an existential issue. The investment flowing into
fintechs is nothing short of breathtaking. And the war for tech talent continues to escalate, including
levels of compensation. We continue to invest in technology and the opportunities that emerge as our
transformation gains traction. Our modern technology is powering our current performance and setting us
up to capitalize on the accelerating digital revolution in banking.

And now we'll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance
Thanks, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] If you have follow-up questions
after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Holly, please start the
Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from John Pancari with Evercore ISI.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I want to see if I can get your thoughts on the payment rates. Did you see a peak in the quarter? And if
not, if you can talk about the timing of inflection. And then separately, how does that impact your growth
assumption for card receivables and the timing on that front?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

John, in our card business, payment rates remain at historically high levels. And as you know, government
stimulus has been amplifying payment rates. And while these programs have been winding down,
customer balance sheets are extremely healthy, and payment rates remain elevated. You can see the
payment rate trends in our reported trust metrics.

And while not a perfect reflection of our total portfolio, Q2 payment rates remain at historically high levels.
And these high payment rates are muting balanced growth even as spend is very strong. And of course,
the flip side of high payment rates is strikingly strong credit performance, which drives strong profitability
and capital generation. So we actually are always happy when our customers are paying at high levels,
and it's indicative of a healthy consumer, and those high payment rates correlate with the really strong
credit results that we continue to see.

We are -- if we look at monthly numbers, we can see, John, a little bit of easing of the payment rates.
I don't know if that would be a trend to indicate. It certainly would be very plausible to me that as
consumers now step up and spend more and more and they're going out and returning, hopefully, back
to normal, it would be a natural thing that payment rates would ease a little bit here and that also credit
metrics would move towards normalizing a little bit. So I guess, John, I would say we've seen the earliest
of indications of that still running at really quite a breathtaking level.

Operator

Our next question will come from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. Rich, putting together the comments you made about the significant amount of excess capital
and then the comment in the release about seeing increasing near-term opportunities to build your
franchise. Could you talk a little bit about whether you're looking at primarily kind of organic opportunities
or inorganic ones as well?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Moshe, as you know well because you've been there from the beginning and following us and having great
insights, we really built our company as sort of wired for organic growth. We installed in the founding days
what I call horizontal accounting, where we track every action and cohort and everything on a lifetime
economic basis. And we measure it before and during and afterward to see how it's going. And that -- and
so we always put organic at the top of the list.

And here's a great example. I mean while every bank that's -- every national bank that's been created
has come through many, many acquisitions, we've had some acquisitions in our journey, but we are really
leaning into an organically driven national growth strategy in banking. So -- and as I said a few minutes

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

ago, we see good organic growth opportunities, which are partly a function of the market and where it is
right now and very much these opportunities stand on the shoulders of the technology that we've built and
some of the innovation that we're rolling out.

With respect to acquisitions, we're not putting any energy or strategic focus on doing bank acquisitions.
What we are looking at is technology acquisitions. And really, in fact, there's a spectrum on the technology
side with respect to fintechs and tech companies. On the continuum, at one end is just being a partner
with them, and then the next notch on the continuum is being a partner and an investor in them. And you
saw that with Snowflake, for example, and then there are sometimes acquisitions.

All of those have -- we've been active in all of those places on the continuum over the last few years. And
I'm struck by the traction and success that we're having. When we look back at some of the acquisitions
of little fintechs, for example, and tech companies, we are very, very pleased with the performance. And in
many ways, these things are generally outperforming.

One of the big benefits that we have is that we have a modern tech stack, so do the fintechs or tech
companies that we're buying. And so the integration and the compatibility, the ability to attract and then
really retain the talent past the sort of the contractual period is something that I think leans in our favor.
So lots of positives there.

There's one big kind of elephant in the room with respect to acquisitions on the tech side, and that's the
valuations. So we've recently gone to a few of these conversations and said, "Love the company but not
at that price." So we are very aware about the -- where pricing is. But strategically, I think if you kind
of open the aperture and don't talk about necessarily this very moment, I think for Capital One, it's an
organic-first strategy, but acquisitions of fintechs and tech companies at the right price, and they'll usually
be little ones, I think, will help fill out our business and accelerate our opportunities.

Operator

Next, we'll hear from Kevin Barker with Piper Sandler.

Kevin James Barker
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Considering the tightening [ underwriting ] that we saw in the first -- during 2020, do you expect
normalized credit to maybe run below pre-pandemic levels as we go into 2022 and potentially into 2023?

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Kevin, [ we had a hard time ] hearing that.

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. But I think we -- it was a little echoey, but I think I felt I heard what you were saying there, Kevin.
From where we are right now, which is at an extraordinary benign level that virtually has never been seen
before in modern times, it's got ways to go to normalize. We are not choosing to make a prediction on
where that is, not because we want to be coy about it but because, in fact, I think it's a hard thing to
predict these days.

What we like to talk about is the drivers. So talking about the drivers, the consumer is in a very strong
place right now. And I think what's striking is -- and I mentioned this earlier, when you look at what the
average consumer -- and this is average because the experience for an individual consumer can be way
different from what I'm describing on average. But the accumulated sort of surplus that consumers have
been able to build up is something that even when the government stimulus monthly benefits ease, I
think there is a bit of an accumulated balance there that will be beneficial for the credit performance of
consumers.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

The -- so we -- there's really only one way for the credit to go from here, and that is in normalizing. I
think it starts with a bit of a head start. And I think that the rate at which it normalizes is going to be
pretty linked to consumers' choices on payment rates. And as I've mentioned earlier, I think it's a natural
thing for payment rates to gradually decline and for credit to gradually normalize.

The directions are inevitable. The timing is speculative. Our view is during this period of time, let's take
advantage of the market opportunity that is here, the place the consumer is. But let's also be cognizant
of how markets work, how credit markets work in particular and be on the lookout for some of the natural
indicators of overheating.

Operator

Next, we'll hear from Rick Shane with JPMorgan.

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Look, we're -- this topic has come up a couple of times. We're looking at the reserve rates and thinking
about them in the context of day 1 reserve levels. I'm curious how you now reflect on day 1 allowance
coverage and what that could look like on a long-term basis as we return to normal. I'm curious, in
particular, if you think some of the policy initiatives we've seen during the crisis change your long-term
outlook in terms of potential loss rates.

Andrew M. Young
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Rick. This is Andrew. I'll take that. And I think as we look at the allowance, every quarter we're
going to take into account a large number of variables and assumptions, which would certainly take policy
and other factors. And so as I reflect back on the ratio that we had upon adoption, a lot of things have
changed since then. And so within every single asset class, the mix is going to impact our coverage needs,
and then you look at overall -- the balance sheet mix across each of those asset classes will impact things.

So I look at all of those factors, and I don't think that the ratio at adoption is necessarily a destination.
But I also think that if you put into the formula, like all of the economic assumptions and all of the asset
mix, I still believe that the pre-pandemic coverage ratio can still serve as a very rough benchmark of
what coverage ratios might look like. But again, it will take into account each successive quarter, all of the
things that we're looking at in terms of the mix and broad economic assumptions, including policy, as you
mentioned.

Operator

Next, we'll hear from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just a question here on how you're thinking about the opportunity to invest for that account growth. You
indicated account growth is up. Maybe give us a sense as to how much more it's up than usual. I know
usually you don't give numbers for that, but it would be helpful to understand the benefit that those
marketing dollars is generating today and then how much more you think the opportunity set is here to
ramp up the marketing in the back half of the year given the opportunity set that you have in front of you.

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Betsy, yes, we don't tend to give out the specific account growth numbers, the origination numbers. But
they are strong right now. They're not the strongest that we have ever seen. We're pleased that they're
really quite strong because obviously, there was some weakness a year ago in those kind of numbers. So
we have seen a very solid performance. We feel really good about the account originations.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

So we are leaning further into marketing to drive future growth and also to just continue to build the
underlying franchise. And as we've said, these opportunities are partly because of what the market has
to give right now and partly opportunities that are enhanced by our technology transformation. And the
marketing, of course, is especially going into the card side of the business, but also if you just look on TV,
you've seen us steadily investing in national banking. We're very happy with how that's going. And you
may have seen for the first time this quarter that we have now gone on national TV in the auto side.

So these are advertising that is debuting some of the technology innovations that we have at Capital One,
some of the exceptional customer experiences that we've built. And we're seeing good traction in the
origination side of the business. And so we continue to lean into marketing.

Operator

Next, we'll hear from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Rich, I was wondering if you could talk a bit about the tech spend outlook. I saw a report that Capital One
was hiring a large amount of software programmers to take advantage of the public cloud move. And then
you mentioned fintech. I was just curious if you thought that the regulatory landscape would ever balance
out or if that's sort of something that's not going to happen.

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Okay. Yes, Don, thank you. So let me talk about tech and the tech hiring. Winning in technology really
kind of begins and ends with one thing, hiring world-class tech talent. And it is the easiest thing to talk
about and possibly the hardest thing to pull off in business today as -- because while this principle is --
this talent principle is true in any business, it is profoundly true in technology as the demand for world-
class tech talent vastly exceeds the supply.

So we've built a tech brand and have had great success in attracting top talent, and we're competing
head-to-head with the leading technology companies in the U.S. And we've been leaning into tech hiring
for years, and this is a strong year of hiring.

Most of the new roles we're hiring for are engineering roles in software development, cloud infrastructure
and machine learning. And these are the most sought-after roles in the world, and we're getting real
traction here. But essentially, if you pull way up and we -- it's more than just words when we say it. We've
really been living this, which is to, from the ground up, build a technology company that does banking,
essentially what Capital One is. The technology and data are increasingly what the business is. And at the
heart of that journey is the tech talent.

I also mentioned one other thing, Don, is that the cost of technology talent is visibly moving upward right
in front of our eyes. And I wanted to flag that to investors. That is just something that, again, it's the
natural consequence of the demand greatly exceeding the supply. But -- so I think it's going to be hard
for most companies -- for all companies to do hiring and get the numbers that they want. We are leaning
into that. I think we're in a very good position, but it's -- we're going to need to pay appropriately for that
talent.

Don, you asked about fintechs and what we feel about fintechs and possibly a comment on the regulatory
side. I just have a tremendous interest in fintechs, and maybe that's because Capital One was an original
fintech before there was such a word. And I look at the fintech marketplace, and I think some of these
fintechs are bringing great innovations to the market.

And we very carefully study these innovations. And I think that we look at these both as threats to our
business. We look at them as opportunities. Maybe we can partner with the fintechs. In some cases, there
are acquisitions associated with that. And in some cases, what they're doing are beacons of opportunity
that we can pursue.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

The fintechs today, I think what banks have to stare at is that fintechs today are benefiting from their
modern cloud-based technologies and their innovative and entrepreneurial approach to disrupting
markets, the tremendous amount of funding that is out there. I mean for example, these days, the
venture capital funding going into fintechs is close to -- I think, I don't have this data right in front of me,
but it's close to double the next category in terms of the amount of venture funding going into this. So this
is pretty electrifying. And the fintechs benefit from a lower level of regulation than financial institutions
have.

Now I don't think right now the success of fintechs that one can look at fintech and say the primary reason
they're succeeding in areas sometimes more than the banks are is because they are less regulated. I think
they're succeeding for the factors that we talked about. I think when you look over time and envision
these fintechs with tremendous growth and being large disrupters, it is an elephant in the room relative to
what's the regulatory context, the capital that they're going to be carrying, the regulatory requirements
and the levelness of the playing field. So we certainly have a watchful eye on that.

But when we look at the fintechs, the success we're seeing in them, to me, is indicative of the opportunity
that exists to reimagine banking. And that's what we've been focused on for years. And then if we kind of
take our focus off fintech for a minute and think about Capital One, like the fintechs, we have a modern
technology infrastructure based in the cloud. We also have other benefits they don't have, most of them.
We have tremendous customer scale, a powerful brand and literally decades of underwriting and banking
experience.

So when I pull up, I think we and the fintechs are well positioned for success, in some ways for the same
reasons, in some ways for different reasons. But I think the biggest takeaway of all of this is that the
banking industry is changing on an accelerated basis. The competition is unbelievably and increasingly
well funded. And we look at that and we say it indicates the magnitude of change, the magnitude of the
opportunity, but it also is a -- indicates an imperative that we need to make sure that during the windows
of opportunity that we lean in and invest where we need to invest because these opportunities won't last
forever. Thank you, Don.

Operator

Next, we'll hear from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I guess I had a follow-up question on the opportunity in the U.S. card for growth. I assume a lot of
the account growth that you're seeing right now is coming in the super prime or the transactor space
because of the growth in transaction volumes. Is that correct? And I guess if we think about the subprime
consumer, maybe you could just talk about what their behaviors are today and how you see growth from
that segment unfolding.

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Sanjay, the -- certainly, what's the biggest newsworthy thing that's happening in the short run is the surge
on the super prime side, the return to travel and entertainment spend powered a lot by heavy spenders
and that you just can feel in a sense the world pent up and just bursting out. And I think that's sort of the
biggest news that we see inside our numbers as we look at it.

The subprime business, I think, has been more characteristic of, in general, the sort of mass market of
America. And that is that things have not been as dramatic in terms of pullbacks nor are they as dramatic
in terms of leaning in. But we've just continued to take the same strategy we've had in the subprime
business, really in the prime business for years. And we are carefully leaning into originations and growing
the underlying franchise and then at the right opportunities, raising the lines when we feel that the
opportunity and the conditions warrant.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

So we continue to lean into originations really across our business. And we are opening up credit lines --
gradually opening up credit lines because we see good results. The consumer is in a pretty good position.
Our customers are in a good place. And you remember, Sanjay, we talked about the sort of years of
holding back on that. It's not like we're unleashing with credit lines right now, but we are sort of net-
net, more on the opening up side than the tightening side at the moment. And that's, of course, with the
watchful eye on all the key indicators and things that naturally will change because of how credit markets
work.

Operator

And our next question comes from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So Rich, you've mentioned several times that you're leaning into marketing. I guess from the outside
looking in, how should we assess the return on these investments? Should it come in the form of
accelerating growth or improved efficiency?

And I guess, Richard, just on the efficiency point, we obviously saw improvement year-over-year for the
first time in several quarters. It seems like the top line should be improving. This, combined with the
technology investments that you're making, at what point do you think you'll be ready to reintroduce the
42% efficiency target? Or what do we need to see for you to reinstate the time line for that?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Okay. Well, first, a word on marketing. As I said to Betsy, we are leaning into the marketing right now and
sort of leaning a little further into it because what we do is always so Windows-driven, as you know, Ryan.
And so that's where we are on the marketing side. So from an efficiency point of view, you notice pretty
high levels of spending on marketing. That -- marketing goes up. Marketing goes down. But that, at the
moment, has been more on the upside.

Let me turn -- and one thing I want to say about competition, if I could, just because this is very relevant
to these growth conversations. And then I'll pivot to the efficiency point. There -- most competitors
have been -- the feel of their earnings calls is they, too, are leaning in to the opportunities that they see
at the moment. And we see this. We see competition heating up all around us, especially in rewards,
where typically, that's kind of the flash points where you see these things the most. But you see it in the
marketing and the media activity. We see it in direct mail numbers. We see it in the rewards offerings and
the heating up of some of that.

The competition is intense right now, Ryan, but it's not yet irrational. But I want to just kind of take the
moment to reflect on what I call sort of the physics of competitive cycles because I've seen this enough
that it's pretty much you can count on these things happening.

Now timing is always the question. But right now, credit is historically good across the industry, and the
consumer is in great shape. The longer this persists, the more competition will likely be to extrapolate
these trends to inform their decision making. And this can embolden them to make more aggressive
offers, market more intensely and a particular one I worry about, loosening underwriting standards.

And in this particular environment, the benign rearview mirror could encourage lenders to reach for
growth. And it could be exacerbated by credit modeling that relies on consumer credit data that, frankly,
may be very unique to the downturn and not as good for predicting where credit performance is going to
be over time.

Ryan, if you're building a credit model right now and you're looking back at the data on the last year or
2, what are you going to do with that with respect to what that tells you about the next time things turn
down? So the -- and there's also a lot of earnings and capital and liquidity in the system. And then you've
got the fintechs that are really revving up, as I talked about earlier.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

So the -- we -- even as we're leaning into this opportunity, we remind ourselves every day that the seeds
for the next challenges coming up in the credit cycle as opposed to the economic cycle, in the credit cycle,
these seeds are being planted right now. And so what we do is we don't just look at our models to make
decisions. We pull way up, and we have a very watchful eye for the key indicators of these, not only likely,
basically inevitable things to happen. And then we will act accordingly. We just never want to be surprised.

Let me turn to talk about operating efficiency. We've been focused on improving our operating efficiency
ratio for years. And from 2013 to 2019, we delivered 400 basis points of improvement with a combination
of revenue growth and tight expense management. And of course, the pandemic interrupted our progress,
particularly on revenue growth.

Now as it turns out, the pandemic also accelerated the technology race and raised the stakes for all
players across many industries and, frankly, particularly in banking. And so as I talked about earlier, I
think everyone can feel the clock ticking, companies, everybody in banking feeling the clock ticking on
their tech readiness, the investment flowing into fintechs, the arms race for talent. And so we are struck
by the emerging opportunities in the marketplace. They're significant but the windows aren't unlimited.

So we feel we're very well positioned on this, but we are continuing to invest in this moment in our
technology and in the opportunities that we see out there. So meanwhile, we continue to focus on
operating efficiency. Our tech transformation is the engine of long-term efficiency gains, both through
revenue growth and digital productivity gains. So continuing to invest in our technology opportunities and
driving for efficiency improvements are on a shared path.

So we're still driving toward the same destination of operating efficiency, but the timing of operating
efficiency improvement needs to incorporate the imperatives of the current marketplace. And delivering
positive operating leverage over time continues to be one of the important payoffs of our technology
journey and a key element of how we deliver long-term shareholder value.

Operator

Next, we'll hear from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Rich, as you think about the process of normalization of payment rates and revolve rates that you
described, would you expect that to provide an incremental tailwind to loan growth such that we could
actually see loan growth outpace spending growth as we look ahead?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

I think one of the things that I think the banking industry -- I mean we've talked about this relationship
between payment rates and growth from time to time, but I think it's been more of an occasional
conversation with The Street. And I think the whole banking industry and the investment community has
really sort of collectively gone through and learned an important lesson here about the metric that really
honestly wasn't talked about that much, which is payment rates and the profound impact payment rates
has on both loan growth and, in fact, credit performance.

And the striking thing is it's not only empirical, that relationship, but it's intuitive as well, which to me
really reinforces there's something very important here. Now as I've said to you, we kind of root for higher
payment rates because I think it reflects a healthier consumer even -- and we get paid on the credit side
and sometimes paid very well, as you can see here. But it is a natural thing that will happen over time.
The normalization of credit will very likely come along with the lowering of payment rates. And that, in
turn, is likely -- sort of mathematically, all other things being equal, that will be a boost to loan growth.

So when you say, well -- but I think for those numbers to move significantly enough to, in fact, have loan
growth lead the race of growth relative to metrics like spending and some of the other things or, for us,
originations and things like that, that's kind of quite a journey to do to get there. I'm not saying that it

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

won't. But I wouldn't run to the bank counting on a loan growth topping the league tables of the various
growth metrics.

But I think what is baking -- what really essentially is baking in the oven is a gradual normalization of
credit correspondingly, for the same reason, a lowering of payment rates. And we are probably seeing the
very early -- sort of on a monthly basis, the very early indicators of that phenomenon.

Operator

And our final question today comes from Bob Napoli with William Blair.

Robert Paul Napoli
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Rich, appreciated your comments on fintech and how you're looking at partnering, buying and et cetera.
But I just was hoping to get maybe a little bit more color on your thoughts around what areas of fintech. I
know it's been a few years since you bought Paribus, an online price tracking. But there's a lot of -- there's
-- as you talk about all that investment, it's going into a very broad group of -- whether it's buy now pay
later, B2B payments, wealth management, business spend management, kind of charge card business
spend management areas. So I just wondered what areas are most attractive to you, where we would see
partnerships or acquisitions.

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Well, Bob, what we do is -- and you mentioned a bunch of interesting areas, for example. But what we
do is rather than say these 3 areas are our priority areas and let's go look for fintechs, we have a -- and
it's one of the -- really one of the benefits of years on our tech transformation is we see opportunities in
a lot of areas across the portfolio of businesses that we're in. And so rather than say these 3 here are
the priority, let's go see what we can partner with or buy, what we do is we massively study the fintech
marketplace across all the areas that we are also leaning into. Frankly, we study it beyond that because
we can learn a lot.

So -- and then what we do is -- the sheer learning alone is worth the effort. And so we go to school on
this, and we try to say, well -- a bunch of times, we say, well, look at that. They thought of that idea. We
didn't at Capital One. Very good. Our bad. But look, let's see what we can learn from that.

And -- but also along the way, we look across that continuum of partnering, investing or buying these
things. But as we really look from the other end of the telescope, rather than what we need, what we look
for is what do we find and especially what do we find relative to a company with the talent and the culture
and the business model that would be really accelerative to us.

And so every once in a while, we do an acquisition, and -- but there is a lot of focus on that particular
business model. We always ask ourselves, could we build that rather than buy it? And then we really look
hard at the talent because in the end, what really has made our most successful acquisitions has been
that the talent comes and stays and leads, becomes leading executives in the company. And so that's how
it works. And a lot of times, we don't buy anything, but we always come out having learned a lot, Bob.
Thank you.

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us on the conference call today. Thank you for your continuing interest
in Capital One. And remember, the Investor Relations team will be available in just a few minutes if you
have any further questions. Have a great night.

Operator
And again, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

