Cardinal Health, Inc. NYSE:CAH
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 06, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.56

1.53

(1.92 %)

1.21

6.02

6.23

Revenue  (mm)

40191.09

39275.00

(2.28 %)

40315.79

161116.89

168547.36

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-06-2021 1:15 PM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.89

1.14

1.45

1.56

1.04

1.51

1.74

1.53

16.85 %

32.46 %

20.00 %

(1.92 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jason M. Hollar
Chief Financial Officer

Kevin Moran
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Jailendra P. Singh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Securities, Research Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Cardinal Health, Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference
Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Kevin
Moran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Kevin Moran
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome. Today, we will discuss Cardinal Health's third quarter fiscal 2021 results,
along with an update to our FY '21 outlook. You can find today's press release and presentation on the
IR section of our website at ir.cardinalhealth.com. Joining me today are Mike Kaufmann, Chief Executive
Officer; and Jason Hollar, Chief Financial Officer.

During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements. The matters addressed in the statements
are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
projected or implied. Please refer to our SEC filings and the forward-looking statement slide at the
beginning of our presentation for a description of these risks and uncertainties. Please note, that during
the discussion today, our comments will be on a non-GAAP basis unless they're specifically called out as
GAAP. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for all relevant periods can be found in the schedules attached to
our press release.

[Operator Instructions] With that, I'll now turn the call over to Mike.

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. Before I turn it over to Jason, I will provide a few high-level
thoughts. We remain focused on serving our customers and their patients and continue to advance our
strategic priorities. With our resilient business model, we are navigating the effects of the pandemic on
our businesses. In the quarter, we continued to see strong demand for lab and PPE products and volume
recovery in our nuclear business. Medical elective procedure utilization experienced some volatility, and we
saw ongoing COVID-19 related softness in generics volumes, which we now expect to extend into the next
fiscal year. With these updated assumptions, we have revised our Pharma segment outlook.

Despite the impacts of COVID-19, our business fundamentals are strong, demonstrated by the underlying
growth we are seeing in both segments, and we continue to advance our strategic priorities including
optimizing our supply chain and portfolio as you saw in our recently announced agreement to sell the
Cordis business. As we navigate the pandemic, our customer focus remains central to our activities. We
deeply appreciate that it is our responsibility to serve health care providers, their patients and those on
the front lines.

Although the operating environment remains dynamic, it has reinforced our critical role in the supply
chain, and it highlights opportunities for us to enhance our operation and evolve for future growth. I'll
discuss some of the changes we are making later in my comments, but first I'll turn it over to Jason to
provide additional details on our results and outlook.

Jason M. Hollar
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Mike. Before I dive into the current quarter, as a reminder we are now comparing against a prior
year quarter that included a benefit from accelerated pharmaceutical sales and increased PPE demand
due to the onset of COVID-19. Now for our consolidated third quarter results, total company revenue
of $39.3 billion was inline with the prior year. Consolidated gross margin for the period was $1.8 billion.
SG&A decreased nearly 4% to $1.1 billion, demonstrating our enterprise-wide commitment to disciplined
expense management.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

The net result for the quarter was operating earnings of $689 million, a decrease of 4% due to the
impact of COVID-19, primarily concentrated in the Pharma segment. Adjusted for COVID-19, we estimate
operating earnings would have grown mid-single digits in the quarter. Moving below the line, interest and
other income and expense decreased significantly in the quarter, driven by multiple items, including an
increase in the value of our deferred compensation plan investments, lower interest expense from prior
period debt reduction or one-time investment gains. As we previously mentioned, deferred compensation
gains or losses reported in interest and other are fully offset in corporate SG&A and net neutral to our
bottom line. Average diluted shares outstanding were $294 million. Of note, during the quarter, we
repurchased $200 million of shares.

Third quarter EPS was $1.53, which reflects an effective tax rate of 31.2%, approximately 5.5 percentage
points above the prior year, due to the timing of discreet items. This includes adjustments for the
resolution of all and issues with the IRS for fiscal years 2008 to 2010 as well as certain transfer pricing
matters for fiscal years 2011 to 2014, which also impacted results for later years. Turning to cash and the
balance sheet, we generated operating cash flow of $277 million, bringing our year-to-date operating cash
flow to $1.8 billion. As a reminder, the day of the week in which the quarter ends affects point-in-time
cash flows.

We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $3.5 billion and no outstanding borrowings under our credit
facilities. Now for the segment results, beginning with Pharma on Slide 5. Pharma segment revenue was
flat $35.1 billion. This reflects sales growth from Pharmaceutical Distribution and Specialty Solutions
customers, compared against the previously mentioned COVID-19-related sales acceleration in the prior
year. Segment profit decreased 4% to $511 million, primarily due to COVID-19-related volume declines
in our generics program, which was partially offset by a higher contribution for brand sales mix. Excluding
the volume impacts, our generics program continued to see generally consistent market dynamics.

Additionally, we were encouraged to see our Nuclear business continue its recovery as we saw an
improvement in volumes as we exited the quarter. In Specialty, we continue to see year-over-year growth
and are excited about recent wins in our 3PL and Hub business. And the pharma team remains focused on
diligent expense management, delivering strong cost savings in the quarter.

Now, I'm transitioning to Medical on Slide 6. Medical segment revenue increased 3% to $4.2 billion, driven
primarily by the impact from COVID-19 on products and distribution. As in prior quarters, we saw higher
selling prices and volumes in PPE as well as higher volumes in our lab business, partially offset by lower
demand for surgical products resulting from reduced elective procedures. Segment profit decreased 2% to
$174 million. During the quarter, cost savings including global manufacturing efficiencies were offset by a
decline in products and distribution. Additionally, segment profit experienced a slight net negative impact
due to COVID-19, driven by the sell-through of PPE safety stock in the prior year.

Now, let me step back to help frame our performance sequentially within the context of the previously-
discussed factors. During the third quarter, demand for surgical products used in elective procedures
averaged approximately 90% of pre-COVID-19 compared to the 95% average in the prior quarter.
We saw choppiness especially early in the quarter, consistent with the evolution of the virus in various
geographies, but as we exited the third quarter, elective volumes rebounded back to around 95%. Our
lab business continued to experience the tailwind from increased demand for COVID-19 testing products,
though as expected, not quite at the peak level seen last quarter.

Regarding PPE, we continue to see elevated volumes. In the quarter, we were successful in managing the
significant cost increases that we've incurred to procure select PPE products. As we previously mentioned,
many of our customers have chosen to leverage our supply assurance program to manage market
uncertainties, and we continue to expect timing variability as we support our customers through this
dynamic environment.

Next, on Slide 8, I will review updates to our fiscal '21 outlook. Based on our performance to date and
increase visibility for the balance of the fiscal year, we are narrowing our EPS guidance to $5.90 to $6.05,
which continues to reflect 10% EPS growth at the mid-point. We are making the following changes to our
corporate assumptions. We now expect interest and other in the range of $145 million to $160 million,
driven primarily by the deferred compensation favorability to date, which as a reminder, is offset above the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

line. We are narrowing our effective tax rate to 23.5% to 25%, reflecting the previously mentioned IRS
resolutions. We expect diluted weighted average shares outstanding of approximately 294 million shares,
which includes the repurchases completed during the quarter. Additionally, capital expenditures are now
expected in the range of $400 million to $430 million.

Moving to the segment outlook on Slide 9. We are updating our Pharma segment profit outlook to flat to
down low single digits due to updated expectations for COVID-19. Based on our third quarter exit rates
and what we saw in April, we still expect brand pharmaceutical volumes to be at or near pre-COVID-19
levels as we exit the fiscal year, but we now expect the volume recovery of certain therapeutic classes
within generics to extend into the end of calendar year 2021.

As for the Medical segment, we continue to expect elective procedures to be at or near pre-COVID levels
by the end of the fiscal year as well as segment profit growth in the low to mid-20s percentage range for
fiscal '21. With respect to the enterprise, we now expect COVID-19 to be a minimal net year-over-year
driver. This guidance assumes a meaningful year-over-year COVID-19 headwind for the Pharma segment
and a similar tailwind for the Medical segment.

Before I conclude, let me take a moment to provide an update on capital allocation. We continue to
manage our portfolio and the balance sheet in a prudent manner consistent with our priorities while
at the same time driving improved financial flexibility. We expect the sale of Cordis to close in the first
quarter of our fiscal '22. This transaction, along with the previously announced tax receivable, is expected
to generate nearly $2 billion of incremental proceeds in the first half of our fiscal '22. We expect to
utilize these proceeds in a manner consistent with our stated capital allocation priorities, investing in the
business, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders.

With respect to our first priority, investing in the business to enable our strong pipeline of organic growth
opportunities, we continue to be excited by the projects in flight. We expect this to remain our highest
focus for capital deployment and to continue to prioritize investment in these areas. Regarding the balance
sheet, as previously communicated, we expect to repay $1.4 billion of debt on or before June 2022.
Combined with prior repayments, this would represent a total debt reduction of nearly $5 billion over 5
years. While we will continue to evaluate additional opportunities to reduce debt, we anticipate our future
repayments will be more modest as we approach our leverage target.

At the same time, we are committed to our dividend, which remains an important component of our
capital allocation strategy. With that in mind, our Board recently approved a 1% dividend increase for
fiscal '22. Outside of these 3 key priorities, we'll continue to evaluate tuck-in M&A within our strategic
growth areas and opportunistic share repurchases. As I mentioned, our improving financial flexibility
enabled the deployment of capital for share repurchases during the third quarter. With that, I'll turn it
back over to Mike.

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Thanks, Jason. As I mentioned earlier, the last year has highlighted certain opportunities for growth,
transformation and innovation, and we're confident that our strategic direction will deliver both short-
and long-term success. In Pharma, we are excited about the mid- to long-term trajectory of the segment.
Our business model is resilient. We're expecting strong long-term growth in key areas like specialty and
nuclear, both of which are rebounding well from prior COVID-related impacts, and we are executing a
robust pipeline of initiatives in PD to support our customers' evolving needs. We also continue to invest in
new technology solutions that enhance the customer experience and improve patient care.

In Specialty, our recently launched Navista Tech Solutions uses artificial intelligence to identify and match
cancer patients to clinical trials. These insights enable oncologists to improve outcomes and reduce cost as
they transition to value-based care. We are also offering digital solutions in the connected care businesses
that we recently branded collectively as outcomes.

Each year, medication non-adherence cost, the U.S. health care system over $500 billion and contributes
to around 275,000 avoidable patient death. With Outcomes, we've created a digital ecosystem that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

unites pharmacists, payers and pharmaceutical companies to improve medication adherence, drive better
outcomes and lower the cost of care. Outcomes currently supports a network of 23 million patients and
more than 60,000 pharmacy sites nationwide and through continued growth, it's positioned to address the
challenge of medication adherence.

As I look towards the future, I am excited about these innovations across the segment that combine our
heritage and strengths with new technologies to create unique solutions that support our customers' ever-
changing needs and create long-term value across the continuum of care.

Turning to Medical. We continue to enhance our operations to better serve our customers and their
patients. For example, we continue to diversify the geographic concentration of our sourcing and invest in
our self-manufacturing capabilities. This includes producing 15 million more safety needles and syringes,
20 million more isolation gowns and 150 million more surgical and procedure masks annually in our own
North American facilities.

We are also supporting customers' inventory needs with stockpile as-a-service storage solution in
partnering with the Strategic National Stockpile to store and distribute 80,000 pallets of critical PPE.
We are incorporating robotics, automation and data analytics across our warehouse and distribution
process. We are piloting various technologies and being thoughtful about how and where to scale them
across our network. We also continue to invest in key areas across the segment. For example, we are
expanding our lab kitting services to support home collection for a broad array of lab tests from wellness
to infectious disease, and we are coupling these services with capabilities in our Cardinal Health at-Home
and OptiFreight businesses to maximize value and create differentiated solutions. By meeting the patient
where they are, our lab kitting supports testing protocol adherence and detection of early onset disease,
ultimately, lowering the cost of care.

And in Medical Services, our OptiFreight Logistics business is launching innovative and comprehensive
health care logistics offerings like our same-day solutions, which is being scaled nationally to support the
time-critical logistics of our customers. Together, these work streams across medical position us to support
our customers and drive long-term growth. Along with these work streams in each segment, we are also
focused on enterprise-wide investments as well as advancing our capital allocation, portfolio optimization
and ESG priorities.

We continue to invest in our delivery networks, cold chain capabilities and supply chain capacity and
visibility. For example, we are partnering with FourKites, the largest predictive supply chain visibility
platform to create a cognitive network spanning both pharma and medical that combines real-time supply
chain visibility, machine learning and artificial intelligence. This network facilitates inventory flow and
gives our customers end-to-end visibility to see products in transit, enabling us to make any necessary
adjustments for our customers in real time so they can better serve their patients.

Regarding our capital allocation priorities, we have strong momentum. We remain committed to investing
for future growth, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning capital to shareholders. We are
on track to exceed our savings targets and are continuing to use some of these savings to reinvest
in the business. We also remain focused on optimizing our portfolio. The pending sale of Cordis is
progressing as expected and this divestiture enables us to simplify our operating model, further optimize
our infrastructure and focus on our strategic growth areas where we are an advantaged owner. We
are committed to our strategy as a global medical products and distribution leader and are focused on
conducting business in markets and areas that align with our priorities.

Finally, we're also advancing our environmental, social and governance activities. We recently partnered
with AEP to power our global headquarters and our National Logistics Center with clean energy. And we
remain deeply committed to advancing diversity, equity and inclusion at every level to ensure all of our
employees can bring 100% of themselves to work every day.
To close, I want to thank each of our employees whose commitment and ingenuity enable us to support
our customers, their patients and our collective communities. With that, I'll pause to open it up for
questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we'll go ahead and take our first question from Michael Cherny from Bank of
America.

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Securities, Research Division

I wanted dive in a little bit to a comment you made about your expected growth on the EBIT ex COVID.
And I believe you said that would be mid-single digits. By my simple math, if you assume it's 5%, that
gets you to roughly $66 million headwind versus the base line. So along those lines, can you break down
a little bit within that area, what some of the biggest drivers were of the underperformance? And then in
particular, with regards to that question and the generic volumes, any more color you can give us on some
of the classes that you expect to continue to contribute to weakness over the next couple of quarters?

Jason M. Hollar
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Yes, this is Jason. Let me start with your first question there. And your math is very accurate. That
would represent right around $60 million of overall enterprise impact due to COVID. That is entirely in
the pharma segment. Within Medical, there was a very insignificant impact in the quarter due to COVID.
Now there were a lot of moving pieces, pluses and minuses, but netted out for no significant impact within
the quarter. As it relates to the pharma business, that driver is driven by the generic volumes that Mike
referenced in his comments and I referenced in my comments. And I think maybe, Mike, you can provide
a little bit more color behind the second part of that question.

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes. Michael, thanks for the question. And as it relates to the generics, remember, we have -- what we
always talk about is our overall generics program and what we're seeing here in our overall generics
program is that market dynamics are generally consistent. The only thing that has any real material
impact on the program right now is generic volumes in certain therapeutic classes related to COVID-19.
And it's probably not hard to think about if you've been following the IQVIA data and the other day. There
are certain classes, particularly around acute scripts where we don't see those getting back to pre-COVID
levels prior to our fiscal year-end.

We think as kids get back to school, more people are masking and all those types of things. We would
expect the environment to generally return, but we don't now seeing that set of certain therapeutic classes
within generics returning to more pre-COVID levels until the end of the calendar year. So overall, again,
good market, consistent market dynamics in the generics program really just focused on those few classes
related to COVID.

Jason M. Hollar
Chief Financial Officer

And I'd just like to add one more thing that $60 million. Remember, there was a pull ahead last year. So
only about half of it is an adverse impact in the current year. The other half is related to the comparison to
the prior year.

Operator

And we'll go ahead and move on to our next question from Charles Rhyee from Cowen.

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

If I could follow up on that. When you say certain therapeutic classes related to COVID, so are we talking
like cold, cough and flu like kind of flu and antibiotics, these kind of generic that might have been -- we're
not seeing it because we had a weak flu season and you wouldn't expect that until maybe this coming flu
season?

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes, it's a great question, and I'll try to be helpful here. Yes, I would say flu season, as we know, has been
light. But we've also said in the past, generally, if it were just flu season itself and just flu specific, like
focused on just like a Tamiflu and some of those, it wouldn't be that big of a driver. It would be a negative
for us, but it wouldn't be probably a material driver that we would call out. But you said it well at the
beginning, it's really the broader list of categories. So it's antibacterials, antibiotics, antivirals and pain
meds, those generics and those categories are what we're seeing that are -- have just not returned the
pre-COVID levels. And if you look at the IQVIA data in these categories, what we're seeing both in our
own data per -- as you can imagine, a lot of conversations across the various classes of trade, it's very
consistent in what we're seeing in terms of those volumes coming back.

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

And if I could just follow up real quick. Were these -- were we seeing these dynamics last quarter? And is
it more that -- more of this was prescribed last year during COVID versus this year? And so that's what we
-- or is it the depression that people haven't been going to the doctors and you don't see people still really
going back to the doctor as much that's driving this?

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes. It's hard to know for sure, but I'll give you a couple of thoughts. One is I think it is somewhat related
to the physician office visits. Second of all, people are masking, social distancing, washing hands. You
don't have the people playing like sports at the same level and all those things and having the injuries
related to pain meds and all of those things. So I think it's a combination of a lot of those things adding
up.

We've been seeing this in monitoring all the categories. And we've been saying since the beginning of the
year, our assumption for guidance for both pharma and the overall company has been about getting back
to pre-COVID -- at or near pre-COVID levels by June 30. And it's good to note that we're seeing that in
brands. We're still expecting that. We're seeing that in the majority of generics, particularly the chronic
generics. Those are coming back. But we were hoping to see more of a ramp than these other ones. We're
just not seeing it. So we believe that it's important not only through March, but we also looked at our April
data. So it drove us to make a decision to change our pharma guidance for this year.

Operator

We'll go ahead and move on to our next question from Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So my question is still on generic, but on pricing. Clearly, it's a big debate for investors now. So Mike, what
are you seeing in terms of generic pricing? Are you seeing accelerated deflation or any other trends? And
also, if you can talk a little bit about the sell, buy-side spread?

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Ricky. Thanks for the question. As you know, it's really hard to get into individual
components of the generics program because as we've said for a while now, just calling out sell-side
deflation without talking about the buy-side cost improvements or launches or overall volumes, it's --

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

you're really not giving a complete story. And that's why we've really been focused on just discussing how
we see our overall generics program performing. And we really are seeing market dynamics are generally
consistent with the only driver in the programs I just mentioned being COVID-related volumes in certain
categories.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. And a follow-up question there. When we think about the sell side, I think we also need to think
about sort of contract renewals that could change dynamics. Are there any contract renewals either for
your book of business or across the industry that either renewed recently or that are upcoming that you
can point us to, if there are any?

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes. As far as contract renewals go, on the ones that we specifically talk about, our 3 largest ones, which
we have disclosed, those still have a couple of years left on them before there's any renewals of those
contracts. And everything else as it relates to contract renewals for this year is generally tracking as
expected. It's always one of those headwinds as a year-over-year basis, but everything is tracking as we
expected at the beginning of this year.

Operator

And we'll move on to our next question from Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs.

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Great. I guess maybe just to move over to medical, Mike. Obviously, COVID has created a couple cross
currents in that business as far as PPE and then the lack of utilization. Could you maybe just tell us kind
of where we are today as we think about those 2 broad buckets, the benefits that obviously you had and
probably continue to see from PPE and testing versus kind of the core business coming back as utilization
starts to become more normal?

Jason M. Hollar
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. This is Jason. Thanks for the question. I'll start. Within -- let's just kind of step back from a COVID
perspective overall for the medical business. As I mentioned in my prior answer, overall, for the quarter,
there was an insignificant impact in the quarter related to COVID, a lot of moving pieces, and I'll get into a
couple of the key drivers. As a reminder, just like the pharma comment earlier, there was a prior year pull-
forward for PPE volume that we sold out of inventory.

So we do have a slight negative year-over-year impact, which is related to the prior year tailwind that
did not repeat in the current quarter. So the pieces within the quarter that we saw was ongoing elective
volume headwinds. And what we did see in the quarter was a little bit of a deterioration from the prior
quarter. So we saw -- in my comments in the prepared remarks, we saw that the utilization went down
from 95% in the second quarter to closer to 90% in the third. But as I highlighted, it did improve the tail
end and back to the 90%. And that was very consistent with what we saw with the surge in the virus. And
so we feel better about how we exited that quarter.

And why we did not change our guidance for the medical business as it relates to this topic as well
just that we expected to be at or near pre-COVID levels by the end of the year. We did continue to see
strength in our lab business, although it was a little bit less than what we had in the prior quarter, but still
strength. And that was an offset. And then we continue to see strong volumes with PPE. But again, you're
comparing against a strong volume quarter last year. And we did have some favorability still for the timing
of the recognition of the pricing cost associated with the much higher cost with PPE. And those dynamics
continue to be somewhat fluid, but we do definitely still see higher costs, higher prices for some of the PPE
products, especially gloves, some moderation, but generally still elevated. And anything else to add, Mike?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

No, I think that sums it up well.

Operator

And we'll move on to our next question from Steven Valiquette from Barclays.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Usually, when there is some negative supply/demand imbalance on commoditized products, it can impact
price. So with the softer generic volume on those categories that you mentioned, the antibacterials,
antibiotics, et cetera, I guess for me, I would just visualize that both the buy side and the sell-side pricing
would maybe come down simultaneously on those products in conjunction with the softer Rx demand. I'm
just curious if that's consistent with what you saw. I just want to confirm that one way or the other. So not
to beat this topic to death, but just wanted to get some confirmation around that.

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes. That's a hard question to answer in the sense of the level of detail of looking at all of our -- both our
buy side and sell side for all those individual categories. Nothing pops out to me related to that component
of the driver. As I said, really, overall, the generics program market dynamics were generally consistent. It
was more just a volume-related item on those categories. Nothing stands out in pricing, whether it be buy
or sell that I would call out.

Operator

And we'll move on to our next question from Lisa Gill from JPMorgan.

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just really want to try to understand the puts and takes as we think about COVID going into 2022 from
a comp perspective. Can you just remind us what the benefit or what the headwind has been for medical
and pharmacy as we think about trying to model that going into next year?

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Sure. Yes. I can start and then turn it over to Jason. As you know, our practice is that we're not -- we
don't provide formal guidance on '22 until August, but we'll try to give you a little bit of color to be
helpful. I'll start with the fact that we still feel really good about our growth areas. So when we think
about specialty, at-home, nuclear, medical services and Outcomes, we feel really good about all of these
businesses. We think they all have strong industry trends, strong outlooks, complementary capabilities
to our businesses and our -- we continue to adapt their offerings to focus on our customers' needs. So I
would say we would still expect all of those growth areas to be positive drivers for next year. And then let
me have Jason give you a little bit of color on maybe a few of the other dynamics.

Jason M. Hollar
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Thanks, Mike. Yes. And to enable -- let me just start with, to enable those types of growth areas,
we are making investments in our business, and we'll continue to make investments in those businesses.
One thing to highlight is, as we've invested more capital over the last couple or several years, that will
ultimately result in increased the depreciation that we would expect to flow through. But of course, we
would also expect the benefits of the programs, but we'll have some varying pieces there going forward.
Beyond that element, again, investing our business being our highest capital deployment priority, we have
the other areas like debt reduction and returning capital to shareholders, some of which will be through

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

share repurchases that should have a tailwind associated with it also. Getting into your question around
COVID. That is, of course, where we'll see a lot of movement from a year-over-year perspective.

As a reminder, we highlighted in fiscal '20 that we had roughly $100 million headwind associated with
COVID, which was more than all in the fourth quarter. Now this year, and then just in this today's script,
today's prepared remarks, we commented that it was a relatively consistent flat impact year-over-year
from a COVID perspective now in this update. So that implies roughly $100 million included in fiscal '21.

Now the key question is exactly how does that roll off down to '22. And I would first go back and highlight
that a number of the areas we anticipate getting at or near pre-COVID levels by the end of the fiscal year,
like the medical elective volumes, nuclear to a similar extent. The brand volumes we've highlighted are
also similar. It's those very specific therapeutic drugs within generics will be deferred then until more like
the middle of our fiscal '22. So there will be some offset there that will continue on into the next year.

Now there's going to be a lot of other moving pieces with COVID. We would expect there still to be some
elevated demand for areas like PPE and the lab business. But we also have the timing elements associated
with PPE pricing costs that we continue to track very closely, and it will really be a function of those
pricing and cost dynamics as we go forward. So when I think about the 2 different segments, what that
really comes down to is that certainly, the greatest impact -- we have a headwind built into this guidance
and that $100 million associated with the pharma business, and we have now more of a tailwind for the
medical business.

And so we highlighted that from a year-over-year perspective as well in the prepared remarks that it's
a meaningful impact in both this year. And so they will behave then differently next year. And then, of
course, the other key piece to think about the puts and takes is the announcement of the sale of Cordis.
So we do anticipate that being in the first quarter, hopefully, earlier in the first quarter. And we disclosed
prior that, that business carries about a $60 million to $70 million annualized earnings rate. And so as we
get more specific to exact timing and other details around that, we will provide more color as to what the
impact will be for our fiscal '22.

Operator

And we'll move on to our next question from Eric Percher from Nephron Research.

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

Question on the specialty business. It sounds like you're expecting that trend to normalizing in that
business. I want to ask how the profitability levels have been running in that business, whether you're
seeing benefits from biosimilars? And of late, there's been a call out of maybe some of the oral solid
products that are more specialty generic and biosimilars. Are you participating in economics on those?

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes. I would say there's nothing I would call out that's dramatically changing in our specialty, particularly
as it relates to the sales of drugs to the -- into the physician office space that we're seeing generally
consistent profitability. We are participating in the various different opportunities in there, whether it be
actual generics that are in specialty, the biosimilars. We're participating in all of those activities. We're
seeing increased volumes on certain key drugs.

And as you know, we've been saying for a while, we have seen oncology come back more quickly than
the other areas, but we do expect all the classes of the trade at this point in time within specialty to be
at or near pre-COVID levels by the end of our fiscal year. And then as it goes to our upstream services
businesses like our 3PL, our hub and other businesses, those businesses continue to perform well and
compete very effectively in the marketplace.

Operator

And we'll move on to our next question from Jailendra Singh from Credit Suisse.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Jailendra P. Singh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I was wondering if you could double click into manufacturing efficiencies you highlighted in the Medical
segment. Can you provide some details there? And are any of those efficiencies in the Cordis business that
will be rolling off versus your core business?

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes. I mean we've clearly had manufacturing efficiencies in our Cordis business, like all of our
manufacturing businesses. The team there has just done an excellent job across all of our 30 or more
global manufacturing plants at driving efficiencies. There's nothing in particular about the Cordis
efficiencies that would change the estimate that Jason just gave you that, that business, when it rolls off,
hopefully, in our -- early in our first quarter of next year would have about a $60 million or $70 million
earnings associated with it.

Operator

We'll move on to our next question from George Hill from Deutsche Bank.

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Jason, you kind of alluded to this already, but have you been able to fully capture the pricing gap that
occurred earlier this year as it related to PPE and supplies and the bed business? And I guess also, could
you update us on the supply side as we think about your things like access to gloves and gowns to provide
for your customers? And then I tack on at the end to relate to Jailendra's question is are there any
dissynergies from the Cordis divestiture?

Jason M. Hollar
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Yes. So yes, we have captured the cost increases. The Supply Assurance Program that we've
referenced was created to do exactly that, to provide certainty to supply for our customers, but working
with them closely to ensure that we're able to cover those costs. What I have referenced, I think, fairly
consistently the last couple of quarters is that the timing of when that cost is recognized versus when the
price is recognized can be uncertain, can be relatively volatile and that's what we continue to look at and
to manage. But the overall economics of the program are as expected and intended, which is to cover that
cost.

And then as it relates to -- I think your question was about access to the products. It continues to
improve, but especially on the gloves side, it's still constrained, but improving day by day. There's clearly
capacity that's being worked in to provide more supply. But especially in gloves, it just takes -- it's a
longer process to get that supply to market. As it relates to Cordis and any dissynergies, I wouldn't call
it dissynergies. There are -- certainly, when we look at just our overall cost structure and stranded costs,
there's things of that nature. But when we estimate the $60 million to $70 million, that's the all-in impact
that's associated with that.

We would not anticipate that there are other issues. In fact, I'd go the opposite way. Part of what we've
highlighted before about this transaction is that it allows us to focus and to simplify our operating
structure around the remaining businesses. And so we think it will create some opportunities for additional
synergies more of -- than more of dissynergies by being more focused on the cost efficiencies of what
remains.

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

The only thing I would add to that, too, to be helpful is we have really invested in our overall own global
manufacturing capabilities. And if you remember in my script, for instance, we're a large manufacturer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

of syringes. We've increased our capacity there by 15 million units on an annual basis. On gowns, we've
added capacity to add 20 million-some manufacturers grows a year. And our masks were at 150 million
more masks a year annually all in our own facilities, which are all either U.S. or near U.S., they're all North
American types of facilities.

So we've done, I think, a very excellent job in the medical segment of increasing our capacity and -- which
-- what really, I think, strengthens our supply chain. And we've also invested in our sourcing capabilities
and broadened our relationships with suppliers. So we feel really good about some of the changes in
developments we've made in our overall supply chain in Medical.

Operator

And our last question comes from Kevin Caliendo from UBS.

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I just want to go back to the sort of the headwinds and tailwinds for fiscal '22. If I'm sort of netting
everything out, it sounds like COVID impact for Medical is going to be incremental, like you considered an
incremental negative. Did I think about that right? Can we just go through that one more time?

Jason M. Hollar
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. For the medical business, I would anticipate that the impact of COVID in the fiscal year, so not a year-
over-year comparison, but just what's the impact of COVID will be a tailwind for this year. So the question
is, well, what are those same types of dynamics next year. Do we see more permanent longer-lasting PPE
volumes, lab volumes. I've referenced the timing associated with the price and cost of PPE that could carry
over into next year. But if it goes all -- if everything goes back to what a pre-COVID world looked like, it
would imply a headwind.

Of course, we expect there to be a more significant tailwind opportunity on the pharma side, but
specifically to the med business, that's the right way to look at it. And just one thing to add additional
color to where I'm sure you're trying to go with the question, is that when we think about our full year
guidance of the low to mid-20s percentage growth, obviously, we have within that some of that benefit
I'm talking about. And just to be real clear, even if you back that out, we do have growth in the medical
business, but it is a key part of the growth that we're seeing this year as well.

Operator

And with that, that does conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the
call over to Mike Kaufmann for closing remarks.

Michael C. Kaufmann
CEO & Director

Yes. I just want to thank everyone for joining us today. And we and the entire Cardinal Health team hope
you and your family stay safe and well, and we look forward to speaking with you again soon.

Operator
And with that, that does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CARDINAL HEALTH, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

