Carrier Global Corporation NYSE:CARR
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 30, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.25

0.33

Revenue  (mm)

3725.39

3972.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-30-2020 12:52 PM GMT

32.00

6.62

0.42

1.38

1.67

4044.49

15778.70

16589.44

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.33

0.25

0.35

0.33

6.06 %

32.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
CARRIER GLOBAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David L. Gitlin
CEO, President & Director

Samuel Joel Pearlstein
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Timothy R. McLevish
CFO & Executive VP

ANALYSTS

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Vladimir Benjamin Bystricky
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CARRIER GLOBAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to Carrier's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being
carried live on the Internet, and there is a presentation available to download from Carrier's website at
ir.carrier.com.

I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Sam Pearlstein, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Samuel Joel Pearlstein
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, and welcome to Carrier's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
With me here today are David Gitlin, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim McLevish, Chief
Financial Officer. Except as otherwise noted, the company will be speaking to results from operations,
excluding restructuring costs and other significant items of a nonrecurring and/or nonoperational nature,
often referred to by management as other significant items.

The company also reminds listeners that the earnings and cash flow expectations and any other forward-
looking statements provided during the call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Carrier's SEC filings,
including Carrier's registration statement on Form 10 and the reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, provide
details on important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in
the forward-looking statements.

This morning, we will review our financial results for the second quarter of 2020, discuss the full year 2020
outlook, and we'll leave time for questions at the end. [Operator Instructions]

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Dave Gitlin.

David L. Gitlin
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Sam, and good morning, everyone. Here is the quick summary. The second quarter was better
than we expected, driven by our continued cost reduction actions, progress on our top line initiatives
and improvement in the U.S. in June. We are raising the low end of our prior outlook for sales, adjusted
operating profit and cash flow enabling us to add back some targeted growth investments that we had
previously scaled back.

Before we get into details on our Q2 results and the outlook for the rest of the year, let me start with
some context. Slide 2 shows the 4 priorities that we established at the outset of the COVID pandemic.
Our team has continued to respond aggressively and effectively on all of them. It starts with protecting
and supporting our people. Our operations and field teams have continued in the workplace with limited
interruption, and we have gone to great lengths to ensure a safe environment for our people. We have
distributed 2.5 million masks, instituted thermal screening for 100% of our employees at our scale
locations and deployed Carrier's Healthy Building Program solution in our facilities to provide our people
with a safe and environment as we possibly can.

Our second priority has been to maintain business continuity to support our customers. While we
experienced some short-term shutdowns. By the end of the second quarter, our factories and suppliers
had resumed operations, and we are now more than 95% of our production capacity availability.

Our third priority is to effectively manage cost and cash. Carrier 600, our program targeting $600 million
of run rate savings within 3 years had initially targeted $175 million of savings in 2020. After 1Q, we
increased that to $225 million of savings this year, and we are now tracking to $250 million of recurring
in your savings. We also announced onetime cost actions of $300 million. We remain on track there,
delivering $115 million in Q2.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CARRIER GLOBAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

On cash, we have close to $5 billion of liquidity. We have $2.7 billion in cash on the balance sheet, and we
have access to a $2 billion revolver. With updated covenants on that revolver and our term loan, we are
very comfortable with our liquidity position. We are pleased that Q2 cash flow was materially higher than
we had internally projected, and we are now comfortable projecting at least $1.1 billion of free cash flow,
up from our prior estimate of at least $1 billion.

We also declared our first dividend in Q2, demonstrating our confidence in the business.

And fourth, we remain laser-focused on ensuring that we position Carrier to emerge stronger from
this pandemic. We are accelerating implementation of our strategic initiatives and investing in 2 key
emerging trends: healthy, safe and sustainable buildings and cold chain solutions. The COVID pandemic
has underscored the role of buildings in helping ensure public health, and we moved quickly to launch our
Healthy Buildings Program. You see on Slide 3, where we stand on all our overall strategic priorities and
our progress as a public company. As a stand-alone company, we launched the Carrier Operating System
and the Carrier Way and both are yielding early results. Our operating system includes a disciplined global
deployment of lean in our factories.

I was recently in our Charlotte factory, and it was night and day versus a year ago. In just 1 year, our
efficiency in that factory has improved by almost 15%. Our quality has improved by over 25%, and our
on-time delivery improved from 85% to 95% despite the challenging environment. The Carrier Way
speaks to our behaviors, culture and values. There is a new energy within Carrier that is focused on
customers, winning agility, speed and innovation. And that combination is resulting in some key new wins.
And as we advance in our mission of creating solutions that matter for people and our planet, we recently
released our first ESG report that highlights our progress on our environmental targets, our commitment
to effective and ethical corporate governance, actions to significantly improve our diversity and inclusion
and helping to establish Carrier as the employer of choice. ESG is not a side activity at Carrier. It's core to
our business, always has been, and we take pride in being leaders in this effort.

We've also been consistent in focusing on our 3 strategic pillars to drive sustained growth. In order to
strengthen and grow our core business, which is our first pillar, we continue to invest in R&D, salespeople
and digital. We originally plan to spend an incremental $150 million in these 3 key areas this year. And
after COVID hit, we scaled it back to $75 million. As we said, our incremental strategic investments would
increase as we achieve more traction during the year. So with our improved outlook, we are bringing our
incremental strategic investments up to approximately $100 million for this year.

In terms of innovation, we continue to drive key new product introductions. For example, in Q2, we
launched the Infinity 26 air conditioner and Infinity 24 heat pump that have the highest energy efficiency
ratings amongst all ducted systems. Carrier Transicold launched its innovative vector multi-temperature
trailer refrigeration unit that addresses a key market need and initial demand has been very positive. And
in our Fire & Security business, Kidde is launching new TruSense smoke detectors that are first-to-market
compliant with the new UL standards and will significantly reduce nuisance alarms. And we are on track to
add the 500 sales and support people that we previously planned.

In our second pillar, which includes geographic expansion, we continue to make strong progress in China,
with a key VRF win with the Sanya International Sports Industrial Park and also in China, our GST fire
business had an important win with Zhongshan Lu's 1.3 million square foot commercial complex.

And in the third pillar, driving aftermarket and digital. We introduced the BlueEdge Service Platform
providing customized tiered solutions across the business. We remain on track to achieving 30%
attachment rates in our commercial HVAC business this year helped by the launch of our AssuranceONE
program and digitally enabled life cycle offerings are a clear focus for us, and we're seeing traction.
Our new digital platform for our residential and commercial national accounts achieved $100 million
in e-commerce revenues in June. Our Supra business signed a contract with 6 St. Louis Area Realtor
Associations to provide subscription-based access solutions to over 9,500 key holders. And British
supermarket retailer Asda signed a long-term support and telematics deal in conjunction with its order
of more than 165 Carrier Transicold vector refrigeration units. And we are truly leaning in on the global
imperative around healthy and safe buildings. We have a comprehensive product offering that includes all

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CARRIER GLOBAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

aspects of indoor air quality, including filtration, ventilation and humidity, along with sensing and controls.
We've complemented this with our Fire & Security portfolio to include touchless and traceability offerings.

And our LenelS2 business announced a strategic collaboration with FLIR Systems, the world's largest and
leading company specializing in thermal imaging cameras, where we will resell FLIR's EST thermal imaging
screening solutions with LenelS2's OnGuard access control system. We are integrating these multiple
healthy and safe building offerings to provide our 7 targeted verticals with a one-stop-shop solution.
Society needs confidence in the safety and health of indoor environments, and customers are increasingly
turning to Carrier for critical solutions as they reopen.

As recent proof points, we signed a healthy buildings deal with Cushman & Wakefield to collaborate
on deploying leading-edge Carrier solutions. And we are working with Emory University to upgrade
IAQ sensing and controls in their intelligent building focused on customer health and experience. We
continue to fund these exciting growth initiatives through tenacious progress on Carrier 600 and G&A
transformation. We remain focused on our overall business simplification that makes us more agile and
externally focused. We launched Carrier Alliance to reduce our 6,000 suppliers and align with fewer,
more strategic partners. We are reviewing our 58 JVs for opportunities to improve our focus on growth
initiatives. We have approved a project in our commercial HVAC business to digitize our internal and
customer-facing interface points in our European operations. And we are assessing our overall back-office
footprint for reduction and consolidation by moving to a back-office shared service center of excellence
model. So lots of exciting progress strategically.

Let me give you some color on orders on Page 4. We shared trends back in Q1 that showed the U.S. and
Europe still struggling, while China had returned to prior year levels. Here, we show detailed color on what
we're seeing in this very fluid environment. Recall that the U.S. and EU make up 80% of our sales. In
those regions, April and May were weak as expected, with April orders down 25% and May down 15%
year-over-year on a combined basis. The surprise was the strength of U.S. orders in June, up 40% from
last year. U.S. strength was led by resi, where we saw orders up 100% in June, helped by an increase in
cooling degree days, pent-up demand and suppressed inventory levels. Also, in the U.S., Fire & Security
products orders grew in the high single digits in June after being down 30% to 40% in April and May, and
commercial HVAC orders were up low single digits in the U.S. in June after being down 25% in April and
May.

The encouraging trends that we saw in June have carried forward to July, where U.S. and China orders
have been up more than 20%. The EU orders have been down modestly compared to last year, while
South Asia remains very challenged. But despite a couple of good months of order trends, COVID cases
continue to rise and economic visibility is uncertain. Therefore, we will continue to focus on what we
control. Effectively managing the business during times of uncertainty and volatility and remaining flexible
and opportunistic.

With that, let me turn it over to Tim, and I'll come back to summarize before we open it up for Q&A.

Timothy R. McLevish
CFO & Executive VP

Thanks, Dave. Good morning. Please turn to Slide 5. As Dave just mentioned, April and May were right on
track with our expectations. June, however, saw a significant pickup in activity in the U.S. as the economy
reopened. That led to a substantial improvement in demand in North America residential HVAC, residential
fire, and North America trailer.

Due to the strong North America shipments in June, sales of almost $4 billion for the quarter were better
than we had anticipated. They were, however, still down 20% compared to last year due to the COVID-
related shutdowns. And we continue to expect that the Q2 year-on-year sales decline will be the low point
for the year.

GAAP operating profit was $442 million. Adjusted operating profit of $476 million was down 42% from last
year. The COVID-related volume and factory inefficiency pressure were partially offset by our aggressive

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CARRIER GLOBAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

cost actions. Our decremental margin was 34%. Absent some onetime items, the decremental margins
would have been closer to 30%.

Our Q2 GAAP EPS was $0.30 and adjusted EPS was $0.33. Since we were not a public company last year,
the year-over-year comparisons are not meaningful. Our free cash flow was considerably higher than our
expectations. This was largely attributable to favorable earnings and timing benefits in working capital
and also the timing of other payments. These results were higher than would normally be reflected in our
seasonal pattern. So all things considered, our performance in the second quarter was better than we
would have expected in a very difficult environment.

Let's now look at how the segments performed. Please turn to Slide 6. And note that the year-over-year
numbers I will refer to on this slide are organic comparisons. The HVAC segment sales were down 15%
from last year. Within the segment, North America residential sales were down 13%. As mentioned earlier,
the opening up of many states, combined with the warmer weather, led to a substantial pickup in the
month of June. We exited the quarter with a backlog about twice last year's level and inventories in the
field down about 25%. So we expect strengths to continue in the third quarter. The commercial HVAC
business was down 17% with declines in most of the businesses. We saw a decline of around 20% in light
commercial, a low double-digit decline in applied and a mid-teens decline in the services business. China
sales were up high single digits in the quarter, but South Asia was weak, especially in India, which was
heavily impacted by a prolonged lockdown.

Applied sales were down less than overall commercial HVAC due to entering this slowdown with a healthy
backlog in this longer cycle business. Light commercial was down more than the group because 80% of
light commercial is replacement, and many of those units are having very light-duty, if at all. We did start
to see an improvement in demand toward the end of the quarter as the markets began to reopen. This is
an encouraging sign, but we still expect it to remain down year-over-year in the second half.

Now over to Refrigeration, where sales were down 25%. North America truck/trailer was down about 50%.
Europe truck/trailer was down close to 30% and container was down about 10%. We have, however, seen
improved order activity with almost a tripling of the average weekly order rates from May to June for
North America trailer. Container order activity was also encouraging in June. These are cyclical businesses
that were declining from last year but the recent activities suggest this Q2 could be the bottom for those
markets.

Commercial refrigeration was down almost 20%, with weakness in Europe that more than offset a mid-
teens increase in China. But we are encouraged to see order and quotation activity improving in both
geographies.

The Fire & Security segment was down 22%. The products business was down consistent with the
segment. Declines in the Americas and Europe were partially offset by a recovery in China. We did see
sequential improvement through the quarter as the declines in April and May tempered somewhat in
June. The point-of-sale data for our residential fire products improved in June, and we expect that to
continue into Q3. The field business was down 23% due to March lockdowns across virtually all regions,
with particular weakness in Europe and Asia. While about 40% of this business is recurring, having no
or limited access to sites did put pressure on the installation and service portion of the business. Bottom
line, there were some encouraging signs in several of our businesses in the back half of the quarter.
But with the ever-changing environment, we remain flexible as an organization and ready to pivot as
needed to market conditions. So we remain focused on controlling the controllables and an aggressive cost
containment actions that will help us fund investments to position ourselves for future growth.

Please turn to Slide 7. I will provide an update on our cost programs. In our Q1 call, we told you that
we were taking aggressive cost actions in response to the economic weakness caused by the pandemic.
We accelerated Carrier 600 savings, reduced investment spending and initiated a $300 million cost
containment program. These actions will more than offset the productivity and absorption impact from the
lower volume by $250 million. Through the first half, the savings are tracking ahead of the pace of those
for full year targets. Our intense focus on managing through the crisis in Q2 resulted in lighter investment
spend in the quarter. As the markets recover and our results improve, we plan to restore some of the
earlier investment cutbacks.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CARRIER GLOBAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

We still expect to generate net savings of $250 million. But we have upped the 2020 target for Carrier 600
by $25 million and expect to redirect that increment to restore investments in R&D, sales force and digital.
These are expected to support growth in 2021 and to enable us to capitalize on some of the market trends
emerging from the crisis.

Continuing on Slide 8. As Dave mentioned, one of our top priorities for 2020 is to maintain ample liquidity.
We performed well from a cash flow standpoint in the quarter and for the first half. The better-than-
expected earnings, tightly managed working capital, aided by some timing benefits led to much stronger
cash flows for the first half than we had expected.

On our first quarter call, we showed you our cash balance walk from the beginning of the year. With our
favorable cash flow in Q2 and the issuance of $750 million in bonds, we ended the quarter with $2.7 billion
in cash. We were able to modify the covenants in our term loan and revolving credit agreement. Together
with the bond issuance, the modifications further enhanced our liquidity and financial flexibility during this
pandemic.

With this solid cash balance and undrawn revolver and expected cash flow, we feel quite good about our
liquidity and are confident we have access to the capital we need to weather this storm and to operate and
grow the business. We told you last quarter, we would assess the timing and level of our dividend. In June,
our Board declared an $0.08 per share dividend, which was paid just last week.

Please turn to Slide 9, and I'll review our outlook. On our Q1 call, we discussed a number of scenarios
based on a combination of macroeconomic projections like GDP, indicators more directly tied to our
business like new housing starts, order trends, reasonable expectations as the severity and duration of the
crisis and likely recovery path. In light of our more favorable second quarter performance, combined with
a broader improvement in the market conditions, we are raising the bottom end of our prior outlook range
for full year 2020. We now expect sales between $15.5 billion and $17 billion, given the pleasant surprise
of a stronger demand in June, especially in the Americas. This raises the lower end by $500 million.

We also increased the bottom end of the adjusted operating profit range by $100 million, and are now
projecting adjusted operating profit to be between $1.8 billion and $2 billion. And as mentioned earlier, we
have taken this opportunity to restore $25 million of the investment cutbacks we announced in the Q1 call.
This is consistent with our comments at that time that the pace and timing of bringing it back would track
the recovery.

Lastly, while much of the Q2 cash flow favorability was due to timing, we are now comfortable projecting
at least $1.1 billion of free cash flow this year, up from at least $1 billion identified in our previous outlook.
This comes even after restoring some of the capital spending reductions we made earlier in the year.
Capital spending is now expected to be in the $250 million to $275 million range compared to the prior
$200 million to $225 million as we invest for future growth.

We continue to reiterate that our outlook expects the current momentum in orders and sales to continue.
One additional note is that a number of the items you may need to bridge the adjusted operating profit,
the EPS, such as interest expense, tax rates and share count are in the appendix of this presentation.

With that, let me turn it back over to Dave to say a few words before we open up for your questions.

David L. Gitlin
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Tim. We remain on track to navigating through this uncertain environment. We continue to focus
on aggressive cost actions while driving key strategic initiatives. The quarter was better than we expected.
That enables us to increase the low end of our previous outlook while investing more in the second half to
position us for growth in 2021 and 2022.

Key trends around healthy, safe and sustainable buildings and cold chain solutions positioned Carrier well
for sustained growth. We feel confident in our medium-term outlook of mid-single-digit sales growth, high
single-digit EPS growth and cash flow equal to net income.
With that, we'll open this up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CARRIER GLOBAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Just wanted to kick off on the resi data points. I think you said down 13% or 14% in the quarter. You're
obviously all -- well, pretty much all independent distribution. So you've got the selling to -- sellout
dynamics. So given that Moscow has pretty significant inventory drawdown. I'm just wondering if you've
got any intel on how the sell-through looked so we can sort of judge how market share trended versus
some of the comps? That would be my first question.

David L. Gitlin
CEO, President & Director

Yes. We look at resi. And like you said, Nigel, we sell-through distribution. So when you look at the share
numbers from AHRI, you're really comparing the sales from our distributors direct to the dealer network,
comparing to some of our competitors that ship direct. What was very encouraging to us is a few things
coming out of the quarter. Number one, as I mentioned in the remarks, June was the highest orders
month that we've had in our company's history, it was plus 100%. And a lot of that strength in orders has
continued into July where resi orders in July have continued to be extremely strong, north of 50% year-
over-year. The inventory levels at our distributors ending last quarter were down about 25%. So we're
really -- we started the quarter with low inventory levels at our distributors. We've done our best to react
to this very strong demand that we saw coming into July. That's continued into June. That's continued
into July. So we feel pretty well set up for 3Q. The biggest challenge we have right now is supporting that
demand operationally and with our logistics team.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

It's a good problem to have those now. And then on your revised framework. Obviously, a little bit of a
bump to the midpoint. And I think the prior framework call for mid-teens declines in HVAC, Fire & Security,
because it was down 10% and then refrigeration down 20%. And I'm sorry if I missed this, but how does
that look right now? Maybe in the second half of the year would be better sort of data points. How has
that changed relative to what you saw back in early May?

Timothy R. McLevish
CFO & Executive VP

Yes, Nigel, this is Tim. I would say that -- I mean, the same impact is hitting all of our businesses and
roughly proportionally. So I would say that the guidance we gave overall for the company would be largely
reflected by each of the business units. The one exception from an operating income standpoint would
be our operating profit that we probably will have a bigger hit to profits for HVAC attributable to the
decline in JV income. And also that we probably have heavier investments of the $100 million incremental
investment we talked about. This portion of share that will go into HVAC.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

But to be clear, the performance of Fire & Security in 2Q doesn't change your view that, that's going to be
a bit more of a good guy relative to the other segments?

Timothy R. McLevish
CFO & Executive VP

No, I'd say they're going to be pretty proportional.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CARRIER GLOBAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe just a first question around your overall perspectives on the nonresidential markets across, I
suppose, Fire & Security and HVAC, in particular. But what are you seeing in terms of the -- what are you
expecting rather for the order intake there over the balance of the year? And maybe clarify for us what
proportion of your nonresidential activities are tied to greenfield investments as opposed to replacement
or aftermarket?

David L. Gitlin
CEO, President & Director

Okay. Well, first, Julian, just a reminder that when you look at our applied business, it's about 70-30.
We're more heavily weighted towards OE versus service on the applied side. When we look back at 2Q and
then we'll kind of look forward with you. We feel on the applied side that we had strength in the U.S. and
China, I think in terms of share, we felt positive. We had committed, Chris had committed to getting us to
#1 within 5 years, which really looks at about 50 bps of improvement a year, and we felt pretty positive
about the share gains that we saw in the U.S. and China. We lagged in Europe, and we need to fix that,
and we will. But we felt positive about U.S. and China on the OE side.

Services is an area where when we look at it, some of our peers had a quicker jump on that trend than
we did. So we're playing a little bit of catch-up there. There's a lot of focus, a lot of momentum. We're
putting the framework in place to really lean forward on services. But that's an area that there's a huge
opportunity ahead. When you look at some of the macro trends overall, ABI is a really good leading
indicator, of course, the Architectural Billing Index, you want that north of 50. It had been north of 50.
Coming into March, April, May, it dropped down into the 30s. And then June, it was back up to 40s. So a
positive trend there, and we'll see if that bodes well as we look out 6 months. Light commercial was pretty
rugged in April and May. It's started to show a better signs of progress as we got into June and July, but
that for us is 80-20 on replacement over OE. So we're starting to see more activity in the light commercial
space, but some of those end markets remained challenged.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And then maybe just a second question on the margin profile. I think, Tim, you talked about a onetimer
perhaps weighing on decrementals. Maybe if you could just clarify sort of what you meant by that. And
then also, as we look to the second half, it looks like the implied decremental margin is similar to what you
had seen in Q2? Just clarify that, that's the case. And is the main driver of sort of narrower sales decline,
but perhaps some of those more stepped up investments as you look ahead?

Timothy R. McLevish
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. I think you've got it about right, Julian. So the adjustment. So I just say, if you do the calculation,
and we come in about 34% decremental in Q2 and there's about 1% of it is the impact of the public
company costs relative to last year. And the second one is really an accounting adjustment to our long-
term liabilities is about 3%. So that brings you back to kind of the target 30% that we usually expect to
see.

With respect to the second half, again, if you do the calculations, I mean, we are -- we would prefer not
to -- for everybody to assume that we will be at the midpoint of each of the sales, operating income, et
cetera. But if you did take that, you would calculate probably a 45% decremental and about 10 percentage
points of that is attributable to investments. You recall, so I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we
really -- if you think about it, we didn't do much as we're part of UTC in the first quarter. Second quarter,
we were quite distracted by responding to the COVID crisis and our customers and keeping our employees

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CARRIER GLOBAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

safe, et cetera, that Dave mentioned. So we spent very lightly on those investments. So the majority of
what we had said was $75 million, now incremented by $25 million, so $100 million in the second half of
the year is about 10 percentage points. And the remainder, about 5% to bring us down to that 30% range
would be attributable to the public company costs that will step-up in the second half of the year as we
particularly exit a lot of the TSAs and so forth from United Technologies and digital spend, et cetera.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

100% increase is not that bad. Can you give us an idea of just regionally, kind of the complexion of
what you saw in residential? Were there any differences by region, whether it's shortages in certain
areas of the -- different types of behavior in different parts of the country as the heat came on here?
Or obviously, 100% means everything was up a lot, but just kind of curious as to what you saw on the
ground regionally, if there were any major differences?

David L. Gitlin
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Steve, the Northeast, as the heat hit there, we did see a nice pickup there, including in the West
and into the Midwest. The South and Southwest was strong, but it had been strong. So when you look
at cooling degrees up 12% in June, it was pretty widespread. And I do think that areas that have been
pretty well shut down. There were some pent-up demand. So we did see a nice netback in some of those
regions that hadn't been as strong as they had been in other parts. Mix also, although you didn't ask, I'll
just mention that on the product mix side, on the last call, we said there was a bit of mixing down that we
saw earlier on in April, but it kind of mixed back up to sort of normal levels on the SEER's side. So that
was encouraging as well.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then price, for that business in the quarter?

David L. Gitlin
CEO, President & Director

Yes. There's -- look, we had thought there'd be a little bit of price tailwind. I mean it's sort of flat to
slightly up, but it's -- price is really neutral right now. Our biggest focus is honestly just supporting our
customers. We really did not anticipate, of course, it's hard to anticipate orders being up 100%. But the
tremendous order activity that we saw has been significant. We were a little bit fortunate in the sense that
we had preprovisioned some inventory, and we really did it because we were worried that COVID could
impact operations. So we used some of that inventory that we have preprovisioned to help delivery, but
the key right now is for our resi operations and our logistics to just keep supporting our customers.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And are suppliers like Copeland kind of keeping up with you guys?

David L. Gitlin
CEO, President & Director

Yes. It's not an operational issue. I mean we're having to brute force it right now, right? If you look
at both our facilities and our suppliers, everyone's all hands on deck supporting the activity. In fact,
the biggest challenge we have right now is on the warehouse and logistics side, getting -- supporting
warehouse activity into the trucking, into our logistics channel is the bigger challenge we have right now

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CARRIER GLOBAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

operationally just given the sudden spike in demand. But operationally, I'm pretty proud of our own team
and our supplier partners. They've really stepped up.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then one last one. Are you reevaluating it all in your portfolio analysis, the value of the more security-
type assets on the commercial side with this pandemic? I know that some have gone after integrated
buildings as a strategy. I think you guys were -- I feel like you guys were kind of still making that decision
around what you kind of wanted to do with portfolio. Does this change at all that portfolio analysis when it
comes to keeping that kind of content in that channel outside of HVAC with the security stuff?

David L. Gitlin
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Steve, we've said that we would put every part of the portfolio through a very rigorous and clinical set
of lenses. And if you look at the Fire & Security portfolio, it's really 60% products and 40% is the Chubb
business, which is that field and installation business. The field and installation business is pretty agnostic.
It doesn't pull-through products. So that gets a different assessment. The products piece that 60% of the
business, what we are finding is there is tremendous synergy on the product side between that and our
healthy building initiative. We're seeing it with some of our touchless offerings. We're seeing it -- even last
night, we announced this partnership with FLIR, where we're going to be reselling their thermal imaging
camera capabilities, and we're going to integrate that into the BlueDiamond app. So when you look at
a holistic set of one-stop-shop ecosystem of healthy buildings, the Fire & Security product portfolio fits
very, very well. And we see that in terms of real application. Normally, we would measure CO2 levels and
then adjust the ventilation system. But you can use the Fire & Security contact tracing to anticipate CO2
level rises and get into artificial intelligence and then use that to preventilate. So there are some really
interesting parts of that portfolio and some synergies that seem to fit quite well.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Maybe just to pick up on Chubb there for a second. I fully understand what you said about kind of the
nature of it. But in essence, it's also kind of an important customer touch point, isn't it? If you kind of look
back, maybe you wish you had more distribution on the HVAC side and the like. Is there something more
creative to do with that field force than what's been done historically?

David L. Gitlin
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Look, Chubb is a very solid business. And the interesting thing about Chubb is there's tremendous
room for improvement in growth. It's no secret that UTC had, had it on the market and decided to take
it off at the end of '18. And that's been an obvious area that we'd assess. There are sort of 2 aspects to
the assessment. Does it strategically fit? And if it does not, when is the right time that you would look at
divesting it? We're in the first phase of really assessing that right now. And they -- Chubb was hit very
hard because it's very European-centric. So if you look at 2Q, I think Chubb was down around 25%. So we
really have our work to do in the second half to get the EBITDA and the performance up to levels that we
would expect of the business. And then we'll assess the kind of question that you've asked. Does it fit from
a distribution and touch point with customers? Or is it worth more in the hands of others? And our focus
right now is just on improving the performance for our customers and for ourselves.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CARRIER GLOBAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

And maybe second sort of related question. You also have other assets that maybe you could deem
noncore, not the size of Chubb, things like Beijer, if I'm pronouncing that correctly, and other things. What
is your thought on monetizing some of this stuff and how it actually fits in your portfolio going forward?

David L. Gitlin
CEO, President & Director

Yes. We've said that not only for every part of our product and service portfolio, but including our JVs, as
you mentioned Beijer, we do have a stake in a European distributor of refrigeration and other equipment,
and it's a 37% stake. And we said that we would assess every aspect of our portfolio, including the JVs,
and we will decide, is it worth more to us to continue to invest in those? Or is it worth more to monetize
those, and we'll make those decisions as we go forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna from Cowen.

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

So I had 2 questions. First, just on the resi HVAC side, can you speak to any trends on mix? And are you
seeing patchwork repairs relative to system replacements? Any sort of trade down or what you would
expect to be a trade down given the consumer is under some pressure? Or are we just seeing the opposite
right now?

David L. Gitlin
CEO, President & Director

No, we're not -- yes, Gautam, we're not seeing any mix down. And we're not seeing customers favoring
parts over full replacements. We had been concerned about that. We've been watching it closely, and
we haven't seen that materialize. I think that we're seeing a very positive combination of a lot of forces
that is driving a lot of near-term activity. People are spending more time at home. They're not eating out.
They're not as traveling as much. So there's a lot of consumer spend on the home itself, and I think that's
helping. Of course, the weather was some nice tailwind. I think our distributors were a bit under provision
coming in, so we're catching up with that. So there's a lot of forces in play to drive some very strong order
demand, but we are not seeing a pickup in parts or mixing down.

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And just as a follow-up on the indoor air quality assessments that you're going to do for the
commercial customers. How should we think about when these manifest in orders, some of the solutions
that you're now offering? Is this -- I just -- I mean, it's early days, but do you anticipate that we'll start
to see meaningful bookings on this front in the second half of this year? Or is it more of a first half type of
opportunity of next year?

David L. Gitlin
CEO, President & Director

This is thematic. And we're at the early stages, but it's something that we would continue to anticipate
would accelerate significantly as we go forward. We were seeing orders in 2Q on some of our -- we
introduced this OptiClean HEPA filter, and we -- the air scrubber machine. And we've seen very solid order
activity, whether it's a dentist office adding on or K-12, we've seen very strong demand there. We've
seen it where we've installed chillers and some of the building operators have come back and said, "Can
I upgrade the filtration system?" So we would put that in a healthy building category. And we think that
this is a trend that will withstand the test of time. So even post-vaccine, whenever that comes, there is
-- society is shining a light on the criticality of the health and safety of indoor air environments. And the
nice thing about Carrier is that we have a one-stop-shop ecosystem where we can address all vectors of
what would create a healthy indoor environment. So we're in early stages. I would call the first phase of
what we've done is taken our core offerings and put those together for our vertical customers in a one-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CARRIER GLOBAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

stop-shop approach. Phase 2, which you saw with FLIR last night is we're starting to add partners and
fill other gaps into the ecosystem. So Carrier does become the go-to place for healthy and safe indoor
environments.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray from RBC Capital Markets.

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I'd like to stay with this indoor air quality theme and just the idea of how does the market develop? We
understand holistically why there's a need. But do you expect this to be regulatory-driven building codes?
Or will it start from just building-by-building engineers deciding this is what they need?

David L. Gitlin
CEO, President & Director

I think the answer is yes. I think it's going to be a combination of code-driven and customer by customer.
I think what you're seeing is a lot of verticals looking to give their customers confidence in coming back
into these public environments. So whether it's universities or K-12 or other schools globally, they're
stepping up and asking the right questions about what changes do I need to make? And you're seeing it
for commercial office buildings, you're seeing it for hospitals and airports. So I think there's an element
of individual customer demand, state by state, country by country, but you're also seeing some of the
regulatory bodies, and it could be an organization like ASHRAE coming forward with specific standards that
I know us and our competitors would all support. So I think that there will be a balance between customer
demand and the regulatory piece. But I can tell you that the amount of activity and questions and quoting
that we're doing is really picking up in a positive way.

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

That's great to hear. Can you spend a moment talking about how you're differentiated competitively in
terms of your go-to-market? The -- again, on this indoor air quality, you mentioned the OptiClean, the
filter. Are you looking at UV as a potential add on? And then -- and talk about the monitoring capability
beyond just CO2?

David L. Gitlin
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I think what really differentiates Carrier is the holistic capabilities that we have. So obviously, we have
all aspects of a HVAC. Within HVAC and indoor air quality, we have a multipronged approach to filtration.
So yes, for homes we use electrostatic filters. We have HEPA filters. We're using bipolar ionization, and we
have capabilities around UVC. So we have a pretty comprehensive portfolio when it comes to filtration. But
the same comes with our ability to do customized ventilation approaches because it is very application-
specific. And the same with controlling humidity levels. Then you get into the controls, and we have our
ALC business that has a controls capability. And then when you integrate all of the HVAC and sensing and
controls capability that we have there with our Fire & Security portfolio, and then you can make it a one-
stop shop for customers through a natural interface point, where, as you picture walking into a restaurant,
and you look at a computer screen, it can give you a red, yellow, green on all aspects of that healthy and
safe indoor environment. So we can provide the controls, we can provide the user interface experience for
our customers, whether it's through the control system or an overlay control system. We have the ability
to connect the dots, I think, in a fairly unique way for our customers.

Samuel Joel Pearlstein
Vice President of Investor Relations

Can we just go to one last question, Gigi?

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CARRIER GLOBAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Of course. Our next question comes from the line of Vlad Bystricky from Citigroup.

Vladimir Benjamin Bystricky
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

So maybe just one more follow-up on the healthy buildings and indoor air quality. Maybe it should be
obvious, but you mentioned that you are implementing this in your own facilities. So can you talk about as
you've begun to roll this out in your facilities, would you become -- what you've started to learn about the
ease or difficulty of implementing some of these measures? And what the employee response has been in
terms of the feedback or feeling of the security in the facilities as these measures are come out?

David L. Gitlin
CEO, President & Director

Yes. That's the beauty of -- even the building that we're doing this call from today is our Center for
Intelligent Buildings here in Palm Beach Gardens in Florida. And this is basically a showcase of our
capabilities. And it's also kind of an existing lab we have to make it the best-in-class building for healthy
and safe indoor environment. So for example, we have significantly more ambient air in this facility than
most commercial buildings. We have a designated outdoor air system. So we continue to leverage that
to maximize the amount of ambient air. When COVID hit, we started to use more bipolar ionization. We
have a relationship with a company called GPS. So we implemented their capabilities in our filtration
system there. It's combined with a HEPA filter as well. So we've been using this building to really validate
a lot of our apps. So we have our BlueDiamond app. That's part of our LenelS2 business. And what we're
hearing from our employees in this building because right now, for office employees at Carrier, it's still
voluntary whether to come back to the office. But we're seeing an uptake in people coming back to the
office because they know we're investing in the health and safety of the indoor environment. They see it
when they get their temperature taken when they come in, in the morning. They can see it through their
app interfaces. So it's really having a direct correlation to employees coming back and the investments
that we're making.

Vladimir Benjamin Bystricky
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

That's great to hear. And then maybe just a last follow-up for me. You had mentioned earlier in the call, a
back-office review that was underway with a look to go to more of a shared services model over time. Can
you just clarify whether that cost -- potential savings from that, would that be -- fall under what you've
anticipated under the Carrier 600 umbrella? Or is that sort of a new initiative that could be incremental
savings over time?

Timothy R. McLevish
CFO & Executive VP

Well, this is Tim. It's an initiative that we had envisioned for -- since kind of the inception. It is part of the
Carrier 600. We've carved out about $100 million of the Carrier 600, that what we call the G&A savings.
And we are setting up what we call -- I mean, it's a GBS. It's a global business services center. And we will
centralize a lot of the back office, the back-office activity. We're starting with the cash application. We're
starting with accounts payable. We're starting with some of the accounting back-office routine activity.
We call the -- in the reporting of the accounting. And we're setting up facilities in probably 3 or 4 places
around the world. We have one in Prague today. We're going to set one up in India. We have one in the
United States, we'll put another one down in Mexico. And we anticipate it's labor arbitrage. It's a cost
structure, but it's also an efficiency. We'll employ a state-of-the-art tools to reduce costs. And yes, that
is part of the Carrier 600, and it's well underway. I won't say that to date, we have realized the savings.
We're still in the process of setting it up, but you'll see them soon.

Operator

Thank you. At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Dave
for closing remarks.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CARRIER GLOBAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

David L. Gitlin
CEO, President & Director

Okay. Thank you, and thanks, everyone, for joining. As always, Sam is available for follow-up questions
and look forward to speaking with many of you in the coming months, and thank you for your time today.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CARRIER GLOBAL CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

