Catalent, Inc. NYSE:CTLT
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, August 31, 2020 12:15 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.77

0.90

16.88

0.32

1.98

2.11

6.57

2.27

919.67

947.60

3.04

764.15

3069.35

3094.30

0.81

3357.87

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-31-2020 12:55 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.23

0.45

0.49

0.77

0.26

0.45

0.50

0.90

SURPRISE

13.04 %

0.00 %

2.04 %

16.88 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Paul Surdez
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Sean Wilfred Dodge
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Donald Houghton Hooker
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jack Meehan
Nephron Research LLC

Jacob K. Johnson
Stephens Inc., Research Division

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Juan Esteban Avendano
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Catalent Fiscal 2020 Q4 Earnings
Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Paul Surdez, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Paul Surdez
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to review Catalent's fourth quarter and
full year fiscal 2020 financial results. Joining me on the call today are John Chiminski, Chair and Chief
Executive Officer; and Wetteny Joseph, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please see
our agenda for this call on Slide 2 of our supplemental presentation, which is available on our Investor
Relations website at www.catalent.com.

During our call day, management will make forward-looking statements and refer to non-GAAP financial
measures. It is possible that actual results could differ from management's expectations. We refer you
to Slide 3 for more detail. Slides 4 and 5 discuss the non-GAAP measures, and our just-issued earnings
release provides a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Catalent's Form 10-K, to
be filed with the SEC later today, has additional information on the risks and uncertainties that may bear
on our operating results, performance and financial condition, including those related to the COVID-19
pandemic.

Now I would like to turn the call over to John Chiminski, whose remarks begin with Slide 6 of the
presentation.

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Paul, and welcome, everyone, to the call. As our preannouncement release on July 30 already
foreshadowed, Catalent had a very strong finish to fiscal 2020. Throughout the pandemic, we've
maintained as our top priority the health and safety of our employees and in doing so, maintained
business continuity. We're very pleased to deliver record financial results, including robust organic growth
while keeping our employees safe and our facilities open so that the essential medicines we develop and
produce are available for patients.

Without the care and dedication of our employees, these results would not have been possible. As
such, we recently authorized another round of thank you bonuses totaling around $9 million for on-site
production and support employees in the first half of fiscal 2021 to acknowledge the dedication of these
employees and their versatility in adapting to our enhanced safety measures and adjusted production
flows and recognize other pandemic-related financial impacts experienced by this dedicated group of
on-site employees. Throughout this pandemic, our site teams have maintained their professionalism,
customer service and patient-first focus, and I personally could not be more grateful that Catalent's
committed employees have kept our facilities open and operational.

We continue to work proactively with our customers and suppliers to ensure supply chain continuity
for our customers and their patients. As part of this effort, we expanded our safety stock of raw
materials, causing higher-than-normal inventory levels, thus impacting our working capital. While
we've not experienced any significant supply shortage to date and have successfully navigated several
challenging supply situations, the rapidly changing global demand for and supply of API and other critical
manufacturing components may produce more challenges in the future. To further protect our critical
supply needs, we continue to commit more resources to identify, navigate and resolve potential supply
chain disruption.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

Over the last several years, Catalent has made transformative investments to shift our technology
portfolio to even more innovative and in-demand areas of drug development and manufacturing. As a
result, we are now a go-to company for potential COVID-19 vaccines and treatments. We've already been
awarded work on more than 50 COVID-related compounds across all 4 of our business segments and are
currently involved in client discussions regarding over 100 additional opportunities. Some of these wins
have been publicly announced, including our work with Humanigen's investigational monoclonal antibody,
which was developed using Catalent's proprietary GPEx cell line development technology and is now
leveraging Catalent's One Bio integrated biologics suite to help accelerate development of this potential
COVID-19 therapy.

We also announced several high-profile supply agreements for the manufacture of several COVID-19
vaccine candidates in the U.S. and in Europe, including drug product work in Bloomington for Johnson
& Johnson and Moderna, drug product work in Anagni for AstraZeneca and J&J, drug substance work in
Madison for Arcturus and Spicona; and drug substance work in BWI for AstraZeneca. These important
COVID-19 response programs illustrate our broad capabilities geographically and technologically as they
represent all major classes of COVID-19 vaccine candidates in development: viral vector, nucleic acid and
protein based. This not only illustrates our position as a go-to company for the manufacturer of potential
COVID-19 vaccines and treatments but also provides a greater sense of the wide range of products we
manufacture on behalf of our customers every year. The strategic investments we've made over the last
few years, in addition to recent and ongoing investments made in concert with certain strategic customers,
have enabled Catalent to be in a position to provide multi-dose biofilling manufacturing capability and
capacity for potentially billions of COVID-19 vaccine doses over the next few years.

Now I'd like to provide a summary of our financial and operational highlights from the fourth quarter
and full year, which are covered on Slides 7, 8 and 9. Our revenue for the fourth quarter increased
31% as reported or 32% in constant currency compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 to $948
million, including organic growth of 22% measured in constant currency. Our adjusted EBITDA of $267
million for the fourth quarter was above the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 by 34% as reported or 36%
in constant currency, including organic growth of 32% measured in constant currency. Our adjusted net
income for the fourth quarter was $154 million or $0.90 per diluted share, up from $0.70 per share in the
corresponding prior year period. Among the factors contributing to the strong fourth quarter results were
double-digit organic revenue growth in our Biologics and Oral and Specialty Delivery segments, including
66% organic net revenue growth and 87% organic EBITDA growth in our Biologics segment.

While programs related to COVID-19 created some revenue tailwinds for the Biologics segment in the
fourth quarter, revenue growth in this segment when excluding COVID-19-related projects was still robust.
The Softgel and Oral Technologies segment has continued its strong performance during the pandemic
with organic revenue growth in the high single digits in the fourth quarter. Revenue in our Clinical Supply
Services segment was flat compared to the corresponding prior year period, a significant deceleration from
the mid-teens growth reported in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, but was better than anticipated as the
pandemic's disruption of clinical trials was less than expected.

For fiscal 2020, revenue and adjusted EBITDA organic growth rates came in above the high end of our
long-term targets of 8% and 11%, respectively. Fiscal 2020 revenue was just under $3.1 billion and
constant-currency organic growth was 12% compared to the prior fiscal year. Adjusted EBITDA was $751
million for fiscal 2020, and constant currency organic growth was 14% compared to the prior fiscal year.
Notably, our integrated gene therapy business only contributed to our organic growth rate for the last 2
months of the fiscal year.

Before walking you through some of our operational highlights since our last call, I'd like to comment on
the strength of our balance sheet, which enables Catalent to flexibly invest in our business. In June, we
raised $548 million in net proceeds through our second equity offering for the fiscal year, the proceeds of
which we used to repay $200 million in borrowings under our revolver that we had taken late in the third
quarter out of an abundance of caution, with the remainder available for general corporate purposes. This
successful equity offering, combined with our strong adjusted EBITDA growth, lowered our net leverage
a full turn to 2.8x on June 30 versus 3.8x at the end of the third quarter. With an additional $82 million

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

of cash that was raised when the underwriter for this offering exercised its greenshoe option in July, our
current cash on hand stands at more than $1 billion.

While our cash on hand position provides the flexibility to execute on strategic bolt-on opportunities that
may arise, our primary plan is to use this cash to fund our growth strategy through organic investments.
Over the last 2 years, we've announced several substantial capital projects that will enable us to meet
anticipated demand across our business, some of which have been recently accelerated to meet new
demand created by the pandemic. Given our strong cash position and long debt maturities, we expect
to continue our elevated levels of CapEx in fiscal 2021 to enable continued strong organic growth in the
future. Our fiscal year 2021 CapEx spend is projected to be in the $0.5 billion range and is overwhelmingly
directed to growth projects, particularly in our Biologics segment, including more than $150 million
projects that were either accelerated for or reassigned to COVID-19 programs.

During the fourth quarter, we continued to grow and invest in our Biologics segment, including our
cell and gene therapy business, by integrating the premier assets we acquired and deploying our
cash on hand to further build our capacity and capability. As we continued the substantial build-out in
capacity manufacturing suites for our gene therapy business, we also hosted the FDA in June for the first
commercial inspection of our flagship gene therapy manufacturing facility near the BWI airport. Following
that inspection, the site was approved by the FDA to produce commercial drug substance for AveXis' spinal
muscular atrophy gene therapy product. This was a significant milestone for both Catalent and the gene
therapy industry as a whole as we became the first CDMO to be approved by the FDA for commercial gene
therapy production, and we're pleased to continue to meet our commitments to support AveXis and our
other customers as they deliver life-changing treatments for patients.

The gene therapy team has also accelerated the build-out of one of the manufacturing suites located at
the same facility in order to manufacture drug substance for AstraZeneca for the University of Oxford's
adenovirus vector-based COVID-19 vaccine candidate. This dedicated suite is the fifth operational suite
at the BWI site with the remaining 5 suites expected to be ready by the end of this calendar year. And to
meet the rapidly growing demand for viral vector manufacturing, our Board of Directors recently approved
additional suites to be built at the BWI campus. We plan to announce more details on this investment in
the coming weeks.

In February, we announced our acquisition of cell therapy leader MaSTherCell, a complementary addition
to our gene therapy capabilities. We envisioned that the acquisition would further enhance our cross-
selling opportunities across Catalent's other advanced delivery technology platforms and our clinical
supply services. Earlier this month, we announced an expanded strategic relationship with Editas to help
bring new CRISPR-based medicines to patients utilizing our gene therapy, cell therapy and clinical supply
services offerings, exemplifying our ability to realize the benefits of multiple complementary offerings to
our customers and their patients. To date, Catalent has undertaken manufacturing and related services for
Editas at our gene therapy manufacturing facility in Baltimore.

Through the recently expanded strategic relationship, Catalent will provide further services to include
development and manufacturing of Editas' complex cell and gene medicines at BWI as well as the
MaSTherCell facility in Houston. In addition, our CSS segment will also play an integral part in delivering
these vital therapies to clinical trials for administration to patients. In all, our integrated support will range
from supplying critical raw materials, viral vectors and engineered cell medicine production to storage and
distribution of finished product for clinical trials.

We also continue to execute on our CapEx plans to enhance and expand our drug product and drug
substance biologics offerings. As we reviewed last quarter, through joint investments with J&J, we
significantly accelerated our expansion plans in our Bloomington facility to meet the drug product needs
for its leading COVID-19 vaccine candidate. Over the summer, we also announced that Bloomington will
provide biofilling and packaging capacity to Moderna as well to support production of an initial 100 million
doses of its COVID-19 vaccine candidate intended to supply the U.S. market, with an opportunity to
significantly expand the agreement. Catalent is also providing clinical supply services, including packaging
and labeling as well as storage and distribution, to support Moderna's Phase III clinical study for this
COVID-19 vaccine candidate.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

With 2 high-speed bio lines in Bloomington potentially dedicated to COVID-19 vaccine candidates,
dependent upon regulatory approval for one or both vaccine candidates, our Board of Directors recently
approved a capital expenditure to add another high-throughput vial filling line at the site to support new
and existing customer programs, which is expected to come online before the end of fiscal 2021. We also
plan to announce further details on this investment in the coming weeks.

In Europe, we are also rapidly expanding our drug product capabilities. At our Anagni facility, we dedicated
2 vial lines at the site to drug product capacity for COVID-19 vaccine candidates for both AstraZeneca and
J&J. We've accelerated the rapid scale-up of capacity to support the potential launch and round-the-clock
manufacturing schedules for these vaccine candidates should either be approved.

In addition, we plan to invest in our facility in Limoges, France to create a European center of excellence
for clinical biologics formulation development and drug product fill-finish services. The modernization of
the 180,000-square-foot facility will include the installation of a high-speed flexible line capable of filling
vials, syringes or cartridges under barrier isolator technology as well as enhancements to its analytical and
quality control laboratories with completion anticipated in 2022. Our new center of excellence in Limoges
will strengthen Catalent's biologics global and European capacities and our ability to bring new biologic
treatments to market faster.

We expect strong long-term revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth from our Biologics segment, and we
continue to target growing the Biologics segment to comprise approximately 50% of our total company
revenue in fiscal 2024 compared to 38% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, 1/3 of the total company
revenue in fiscal 2020 and less than 1/4 of our total company revenue in fiscal 2019.

I'd like to close by reviewing some of our top goals and objectives for fiscal 2021. In addition to delivering
on our financial guidance, which reflects accelerated double-digit organic revenue and adjusted EBITDA
growth and navigating issues created by the COVID-19 pandemic, including preparing for the new normal,
we will focus on several critical components necessary to position us to deliver even better on our mission
to help people live better, healthier lives.

First, our focus on our people, including their safety during times of pandemic or not, and our patient-
first culture are critical foundations for us. We're committed to a diverse and inclusive environment where
all employees feel valued, empowered, respected and inspired to do their best work. By listening to our
people and our customers and engaging in their communities, we will build an even stronger company.

Next, in order to bring the full potential of our complete biologics offering to the next stage, we will
continue to integrate and invest in the Anagni site and our newly acquired cell therapy business this year.
We will continue to invest in new capabilities across the company and seek the right bolt-on acquisitions to
strengthen our position as an industry-leading CDMO.

Finally, we will continue to invest in the key enablers that propel the growth of our business while also
working toward the commitments made in our first corporate responsibility report published this past
April. These enablers include operational and quality excellence, commercial execution, science and
technology, IT and talent. As a leading global development and manufacturing partner for medicines,
clinical trial materials and health products, our team who are literally working around the clock to deliver
life-saving products for our customers and patients around the world know that our commitment to deliver
on our mission has never been more important.

I would like now to turn the call over to Wetteny who will review our financial results and fiscal 2021
guidance.

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, John. I will begin this morning with a discussion on segment performance, where both the fiscal
2020 and fiscal 2019 fourth quarter results are presented on the basis of the reporting segments we
introduced at the start of fiscal 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

Please turn to Slide 10, which presents our Softgel and Oral Technologies segment. As in past earnings
calls, my commentary around segment growth will be in constant currency. Softgel and Oral Technologies
revenue of $291.2 million increased 2% compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, with segment EBITDA
increasing 4% over the same period. After excluding the impact of the October 2019 divestiture of the
segment's manufacturing site in Braeside, Australia, segment revenue and segment EBITDA grew 7% and
6%, respectively. This organic growth was primarily driven by increased demand across the segment's
portfolio of higher-margin prescription products in North America as well as growth in the consumer health
business in Europe, North America and Latin America. Margins in SOT, and in all segments for that matter,
were impacted by elevated operating costs related to COVID-19, including thank you bonuses, additional
protective equipment and adjusted production workflows put in place to facilitate social distancing.

Looking ahead to fiscal 2021, the SOT segment, for which we target long-term organic revenue growth in
the range of 3% to 5%, will be facing a difficult comparison to fiscal 2020 as organic growth in 2020 was
well above this long-term target growth range. A contributor to SOT's significant fiscal 2020 growth was
due to increased demand in the consumer health business, which had a strong back half of fiscal 2020.
To start 2021, we are seeing a trend, which has been factored into our guidance, for lower demand in
consumer health, particularly in cough, cold and over-the-counter pain relief products.

Slide 11 shows our Biologics segment reported revenue of $357.8 million in the fourth quarter, which is up
102% compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, with segment EBITDA growing 93% over the same period.
While the significant growth within the segment was substantially due to organic revenue and EBITDA
growth, acquisitions contributed 36 percentage points to revenue and 6 percentage points to segment
EBITDA growth for our Biologics segment in the fourth quarter compared to the prior year period. The
acquisitions that contributed to revenue and segment EBITDA include our initial gene therapy acquisition,
which occurred in May of 2019 so it only contributed to inorganic growth for part of the quarter; our
MaSTherCell cell therapy business, which we acquired in February 2020; and our Anagni facilities, which
we acquired in January 2020 from Bristol-Myers Squibb and part of which included an expansion of
our drug product business that falls within the Biologics segment. Note that we did and will continue to
attribute all non-BMS work, including all COVID-19 vaccine projects that we brought to the facility, to
organic growth in this segment.

The record organic revenue growth in our Biologics segment in the quarter was in part driven by strong
demand for both drug substance and drug product in North America, and these offerings also expanded
margin nicely compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. While a portion of this growth is attributable to new
COVID-19-related programs, which was roughly $20 million, organic revenue growth was still over 50%
excluding these projects.

Another key contributor to organic revenue growth in our Biologics segment was our gene therapy
business, which became part of our organic growth calculation in May 2020. However, despite significant
growth in the Biologics segment this quarter, there were several factors that negatively impacted margin
contribution from this segment in the fourth quarter compared to the prior year period. In addition to
elevated costs required to safely operate manufacturing facilities during the pandemic, the activities
related to our continued strategic investments to build out capabilities and capacity in certain of our
facilities and related head count additions and lower margin component sourcing services, all of which
we expect to drive superior future growth in the Biologics business, also negatively impacted margin
contribution in the quarter.

I would like to draw your attention to the bar chart on Slide 11, which shows the amount of Biologics
revenue generated in the fourth quarter by development services on the one hand and manufacturing and
commercial product supply on the other. Over the last year, development revenue in Biologics has grown
approximately 150% and in the fourth quarter represented over 70% of the segment's revenue. As we
noted last quarter, development programs serve as a strong foundation for future organic growth because
a portion of them will eventually move to commercialization. However, the increase in the proportion of
development revenue compared to manufacturing and commercial revenue will lead to somewhat less
predictability in financial performance and greater swings in quarter-to-quarter fluctuations as we saw
throughout fiscal 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

As we embark on fiscal 2021, we expect that global demand for COVID-19 therapies and vaccine
candidates will drive high levels of demand for both drug product and drug substance manufacturing
capacity in our North American and European facilities. Looking at fiscal 2021 and beyond, we foresee that
the revenue attributable to Catalent's procurement of raw materials and components for the manufacture
of products in the Biologics segment may impact segment margins. We currently expect the impact to
margins to increase as commercial product manufacturing volumes increase within the Biologics segment.

Catalent component sourcing comes with 2 distinct dynamics: high revenue and low margin. For each
program sourced by Catalent, the cost to Catalent to procure the materials, components and product
supplies have generally formed the substantial portion of the fee Catalent has been able to charge to
our customers for these complex services. Indeed, the margins associated with the sourcing activity
are generally well below the segment average, typically averaging in the high single digits. Note any
commercial production for one or more of the COVID-19 candidates in our Biologics segment may involve
sourcing and mask the margin otherwise attributable to this revenue.

Slide 12 shows that our Oral and Specialty Delivery segment recorded revenue of $218.7 million in the
quarter, which is up 24% compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, with segment EBITDA of 38% over
the fourth quarter of 2019. The portion of the Anagni facility that is part of the OSD segment contributed
13 percentage points to revenue and 9 percentage points to EBITDA growth. As discussed last quarter,
Anagni's margins are expected to be below the segment average until new customers onboarded into the
facility over time.

Organic revenue growth of 11% and organic adjusted EBITDA growth of 29% in the segment compared
to the fourth quarter of 2019 were driven by recent product launches in the segment's respiratory and
ophthalmic delivery platforms, including one product where we benefited from a product participation
component. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, there's a general increase in demand for respiratory
products. In addition to the contribution from our respiratory and ophthalmic business, the segment also
benefited from strong end market demand for all commercial products across our Zydis fully dissolving
tablet technology platform. The OSD segment continues to have a strong development pipeline that is
expected to drive future long-term growth.

In order for us to provide additional insight into our long-cycle segments, which includes Softgel and
Oral Technologies, Biologics, and Oral and Specialty Delivery, each quarter we disclose our long-cycle
development revenue in the current year. In fiscal 2020, we reported development revenue across both
small and large molecule of $1.02 billion, which is 59% of the development revenue reported in the fiscal
2019 and represents 33% of our revenue compared to 25% in fiscal 2019. In addition to our quarterly
disclosures of development revenue, we also provide total number of new product introductions as well
as revenue from these NPIs in the current year. We introduced 163 new products in fiscal 2020, which
contributed approximately $51 million of revenue in fiscal 2020. As a reminder, these metrics are only
directional indicators of our business since we do not control the sales or marketing of these products, and
we cannot predict the ultimate commercial success of them.

Now as shown on Slide 13, our Clinical Supply Services segment posted revenue of $83.6 million, flat over
the fourth quarter of the prior year and segment EBITDA of $21 million or a 6% decline. As noted last
quarter, we saw accelerated backlog burn for our storage and distribution services in the early stages of
the pandemic as some work was pulled forward from the fourth quarter by our customers. In the fourth
quarter, the disruption of clinical trials due to the COVID-19 pandemic impacted the distribution and
packaging businesses, but this was partly offset by growth in the storage business. As with the other
segments, elevated costs related to the pandemic also impacted CSS margins.

As of June 30, 2020, our backlog for the CSS segment was $425 million, up 7% from $396 million at
March 31. The segment reported net new business wins of $104 million during the fourth quarter, a 10%
increase compared to the fourth quarter of the prior year. The segment's trailing 12-month book-to-bill
ratio remained at 1.1x.

We are seeing a return towards more normal levels of demand for our Clinical Supply Services following
global lockdowns experienced earlier this calendar year in addition to new clinical trials related to
COVID-19 therapy and vaccine candidates. As a result, we expect the CSS segment to resume growth

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

in fiscal '21. Although it is not expected to be a noteworthy contributor for CSS growth in 2021, our July
1 acquisition of Teva-Takeda Pharmaceuticals' clinical packaging facility in Shiga, Japan will add to our
clinical trial capability and growth in the Asia Pac region as it builds a customer base over time.

Moving to company-wide adjusted EBITDA on Slide 14. Our fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA increased
34% to $267.4 million or 28.2% of revenue compared to 27.5% of revenue reported in the fourth quarter
of fiscal 2019. On a constant currency basis, our fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA increased 36%, including
32% organic, compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. Fiscal 2020 adjusted EBITDA increased
25% to $750.9 million or 24.3% of revenue compared to 23.8% of revenue in fiscal 2019. On a constant
currency basis, fiscal 2020 adjusted EBITDA increased 26%, including 14% organic, compared to fiscal
'19.

On Slide 15, you can see that fourth quarter adjusted net income was $154.4 million or $0.90 per diluted
share compared to adjusted net income of $102.9 million or $0.70 per diluted share in the fourth quarter
a year ago. Fiscal 2020 adjusted net income was $349.8 million or $2.11 per diluted share compared to
adjusted net income of $264.9 million or $1.81 per diluted share in fiscal '19.

Slide 16 shows our debt-related ratios and our capital allocation priorities. As John mentioned earlier, since
our last call, we raised net proceeds of $548 million through a common stock offering in June. We used
$200 million of the proceeds to repay borrowings we have made in abundance of caution in the early days
of the pandemic under our $550 million revolving credit facility. The remainder was added to our balance
sheet for general corporate purposes, including funding our organic growth plans and possible future M&A
activity.

After the end of the fourth quarter, the underwriter exercised its greenshoe option, generating a further
$82 million of net proceeds, which we again added to our balance sheet.

Our cash and cash equivalents balance at June 30 was $953 million compared to $608 million on March
31 and $345 million at the end of fiscal '19. As of today, our cash and cash equivalents are over $1 billion.
The June equity offering and our growing adjusted EBITDA drove our net leverage ratio down to 2.8x
at June 30, a full turn lower than the 3.8x at March 31, 2020, and compared to 4.4x at the end of fiscal
2019. As John discussed, we are lowering our long-term net leverage target to 3.0x compared to our
previous target of 3.5x.

Moving on to capital expenditures. In fiscal 2020, our total CapEx was $466 million, representing
approximately 15% of revenue before customer contributions or roughly double our historical levels of
spending as we build out our capability and capacity for our service offerings, particularly within the
Biologics segment. We expect capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue to remain at elevated levels
for the next 2 years as we continue our organic growth plan. In fiscal 2021, total CapEx is expected to be
approximately $500 million or roughly 14% of the midpoint of the guidance range we are providing today
regarding our fiscal 2021 revenue. CapEx for our COVID-19-related programs, including those reassigned
or accelerated from previous plans, is expected to be in excess of $150 million.

Free cash flow in fiscal 2020 was approximately negative $50 million due to our increase in CapEx
spending and the cost of new pandemic-related precautions, such as increased inventory levels and other
supply chain mitigation efforts, which more than offset the high level of EBITDA generated in the year.
Pre-CapEx cash flow was $415 million in fiscal 2020, a 44% increase year-on-year despite working capital
headwinds related to supply chain mitigation. In fiscal 2021, as a result of our continued expansion plans
and risk mitigation efforts for our supply chain, we again expect free cash flow to be much lower than
historical levels.

Given investor interest in our capital expenditures, I want to repeat some general comments regarding
the composition of our CapEx that I made last quarter, which generally fall into 3 categories: first, roughly
3% to 4% of revenues spent every year to maintain our facilities and to meet the rigorous regulatory
requirements for GMP manufacturing. Second, based on our insights regarding our basket of development
programs and careful consideration of long-term expected demand, we build capacity with high confidence
that a substantial portion of new capacity will be engaged to meet expected customer demand. Finally,
due to the natural attrition inherent in pharmaceutical development programs, we typically protect our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

interest and do not invest capital speculatively for individual product launches, so we generally do not
deploy our own capital to meet the anticipated needs of a single product. When we do, we require a mix
of customer contributions and take-or-pay arrangements to offset the risks associated with any single
product.

Now we turn to our financial outlook for fiscal 2021 as outlined on Slide 17. The assumptions underlying
our guidance include the following elements. First, we assume no major external change to the current
status of the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects on our business. Second, we are not assuming
that any of our customers' COVID-19 vaccine candidates would get FDA or other drug regulatory
approval. However, we are including the effect of all executed take-or-pay arrangements so revenue
from any commercial volume of approved products that is at or below the take-or-pay levels would be
already factored into guidance. Third, revenue from pre-existing acquisitions is projected to represent
approximately 2 percentage points of our projected revenue growth for the year. Regarding Anagni
revenue, remember that only revenue in the first 2 quarters and only some work for BMS is considered
inorganic since we acquired Anagni on January 1.

Fourth, as with past years, we continue to expect revenue and adjusted EBITDA to be weighted more
heavily towards the back half of the fiscal year. However, current forecast expects this to be somewhat
less pronounced in fiscal 2021 given the revenue from programs related to COVID-19 therapy and vaccine
candidates that will materialize in the first half of the fiscal year. Finally, we expanded our ranges this year
compared to past years to account for the increased uncertainty introduced by the COVID-19 pandemic,
including the uncertainty regarding the future course of the COVID-19 response products we are working
on.

After taking these assumptions into account, we expect full year revenue in the range of $3.45 billion to
$3.6 billion, representing growth of 12% to 16% compared to fiscal 2020. We attribute approximately 5
to 7 percentage points of the revenue growth for COVID-19-related revenue after factoring in the amount
of executed take-or-pay agreements against other work that would likely have been placed in the same
space as well as estimated loss revenue in parts of the business due to the COVID-19 pandemic such as
distribution revenue in our CSS segment.

For full year adjusted EBITDA, we expect a range of $840 million to $890 million, representing growth of
12% to 19% compared to fiscal 2020.

We expect full year adjusted net income of $390 million to $435 million, representing growth of 11% to
24% compared to fiscal 2020. We also expect our fully diluted share count on a weighted average basis
for fiscal 2021 will be in the range of 178 million to 180 million shares. This projection counts our Series A
convertible preferred shares as if all were converted to common shares in accordance with their terms. We
expect our consolidated effective tax rate to be between 24% and 26% for the fiscal year.
Operator, this concludes our prepared remarks. I would now like to open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from the line of Daniel Brennan from UBS.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Congrats, guys, on a strong quarter. You're managing a lot of things here, but really exciting.

I guess my question is going to focus in on the Biologics side of the equation. I know, Wetteny, right at the
end there, you discussed implicit in the fiscal '21 guidance, I think you said, 5 to 7 points from COVID. I
was hoping maybe you could then -- because I haven't done the math yet. I was hoping maybe you can
give us a sense of what's baked in within your fiscal '21 guide for Biologics. Could you just separate out
what the impact is from COVID and from the base business? And could you also maybe walk us through
on drug product and drug substance as well from COVID, like how we're thinking about those?

And then related to that, you discussed, I think, 100 programs that are in -- that you're in discussions
with. And you also mentioned that you're not baking in any impact, obviously, from successful vaccines.
But any way to think about, as we begin to get data over the coming months here on some of your
bigger programs, how do we think about as these programs transition from the development side to the
commercial side and what that impact could be?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Sure, Dan. Look, first, I would just say, we're incredibly proud of the men and women of Catalent
throughout our operations, working diligently and delivering quality products and services to our
customers and patients. We're very pleased with our results for fiscal '20, record results that we've posted
and well positioned for solid growth in fiscal 2021. And as both John and I covered during the prepared
commentary here, we've made even further improvements on our balance sheet, and our cash position
really supports growth, both organically and inorganically, that we plan for the business.

In terms of your question, just as a reminder, we give guidance at the overall company level, which we've
laid out both in the presentation and our prepared commentary. What I'll do is provide a little bit of color
in terms of the segments, particularly Biologics, since that's the focal point of your question. But I won't
go as far as to give specific guidance by segment here, as you know, in terms of how we've consistently
done so in the past.

Looking at the business, clearly, posted significant growth for the entire fiscal year. Just as a reminder,
our Biologics business delivered 27% organic top line growth in the year with substantial growth in the
fourth quarter. We would expect, given the health of the underlying programs that we have, which we've
talked about, development programs being a significant portion of the -- so again, therefore, contributing
some more variability from quarter-to-quarter. But nonetheless, the base business excluding COVID-19 is,
I would say, a healthy set of programs, including our gene therapy and our cell therapy businesses driving
significant growth for the business.

The COVID-19 programs, the larger ones are concentrated within our Biologics business, although we have
signed programs across all 4 of our segments, which John alluded to during the prepared commentary.
Those would lead to the Biologics business to have, I would say, significant tailwind coming into fiscal
2021, and therefore, will be leading the way with respect to the growth that we've laid out in the guidance
that we've just laid out today. So I won't go into, again, very specific levels of guidance for the segments,
but needless to say, our drug product and drug substance are well positioned, both excluding COVID-19
programs but especially when factoring in the COVID-19 programs.

There's one part of your question I wanted to clarify, which is what happens with any potential successful
programs from a regulatory approval perspective. It is not that our guidance does not include any

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

amounts for those programs, it is that our guidance factors in take-or-pay contracts within the current
fiscal year for programs regardless of whether they are commercially approved. And so if there is a
commercial approval and the -- depending on the volumes for that and the timing of that approval -- of
such approval, if the demand or volumes are at or lower than the take-or-pay would require, then there'd
be no further adjustment to our guidance. Should the -- should an approval come through and the volume
is above the take-or-pay, clearly, that would have potential upside to what we've discussed, all else being
equal, of course, across the business. And so that's just one clarifying point I want to make around your
question in terms of successful -- if there is a successful program or not.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Another follow-up on the COVID, and particularly on the vaccine opportunity. Obviously, the FDA is talking
about bypassing Phase III, going straight to EUA for some of the vaccine programs. I'm just wondering
how you would manage that dynamic to the extent you're involved with any of those programs in terms of
a scale-up?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Look, I mean this is really something that's more for our sponsors, the various companies we're
working with. John highlighted work we're doing with various -- 3 of the 4, I would say, large programs
that are being pursued, we're engaged with our sponsors on. And the regulatory pathway is really they're
kind of doing their work with the regulatory agencies, whether it's the FDA or others around the world. So
we won't necessarily comment on that.

What I would say is that we are working around the clock, both in the U.S. as well as in Europe, to ready
our capacity and resources and ramping up to be in position to execute and manufacture with the same
rigor in terms of quality that we do with every product to deliver when that and if that time comes.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then on the guidance, let me -- just 2 quick follow-ups. On Softgel, you've kind of guided to flattish
growth there reflected by the comp, but also slower demand for consumer products. I'm wondering why
that wouldn't pick back up in the fall with flu season and maybe another wave of COVID cases.

And then on CSS, last quarter, you talked about a surge in storage and distribution services. I'm
wondering to what extent that's carrying through. And then as clinical trials pick back up, to what extent
CSS could see some recovery.

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. So within Softgel and Oral Technologies, as a reminder, at the beginning of last fiscal year, we did
adjust our segments, and so there are some non-Softgel elements in that segment. We're, first of all, very
pleased with the growth the business posted in fiscal '20. As a reminder, our Softgel business -- Softgel
and Oral Technologies, rather, delivered 8% organic growth. Our expectation for the business long term
is to be in the 3% to 5% range. So first thing I would say is SOT is up against some relatively difficult
compression in the prior year.

In terms of what we would expect in terms of the fall, what we're actually seeing is, to some extent,
perhaps related to social distancing, et cetera, the cough and cold season we're expecting to be a little
lighter than we would normally see. And that's what we reflected in our prepared commentary here as far
as expectations for the business. Again, a reminder is that long term, we expect 3% to 5% growth for this
segment, which had posted well above that in the year we just ended. And we're anticipating some of this,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

again, headwinds as we described, for the current year. And we'll look as we execute throughout the year
how that goes. But all that's already factored into our guidance in terms of what we laid out today for the
overall company.

For CSS, at the onset of the pandemic as customers anticipated lockdowns in various locations, they
actually accelerated some of the execution of work, particularly for distribution work to get products out
into the clinics for patients. We saw that drive double-digit top line organic growth for the business in our
fiscal third quarter. And as we said on the last call, we saw a bit of a reversal of that in the fourth quarter.

I would say the business ended better than we anticipated for the fourth quarter. We are starting to
see a trend towards more normal levels, although not quite at prepandemic levels yet. And we also are
benefiting from some of the work that the segment is doing on the larger COVID-19 programs, as John
alluded in the prepared commentary. So we're seeing a return to growth in this fiscal year from this
segment. And we're also, as you saw in terms of the backlog and book-to-bill ratios, et cetera, I would
say, the business is positioned well for future growth given our signings and new business wins that we've
recorded in the segment.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies.

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Congrats on a great quarter. Maybe a two-parter on the COVID vaccine-related activity. I'm wondering if
you could clarify whether the -- Wetteny, to your point on the take-or-pay arrangements, should we think
about those as roughly paralleling what the government stockpiling orders might look like?

And then secondly, as a related, kind of broader question, do you -- would you have the capacity
insomuch as you're putting more CapEx against capacity sounds like in Bloomington, do you have the
capacity to support additional large programs in your facilities beyond the 3 that you've highlighted this
morning?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Sure, Dave. First of all, I wouldn't necessarily draw a direct or specific correlation to the government
stockpiling approach. These are reflecting contracts, although we won't talk about any specific ones,
but overall contracts we have directly with our customers. As I mentioned, in terms of our approach for
capital deployment, we have either redirected, accelerated or otherwise earmarked capacity for production
and we're ramping up resources to do so. And therefore, we want to make sure we protect those capital
deployment to make sure that we ensure a return from those and have entered into contracts that have
certain take-or-pay arrangements with our customers that would say we would receive a certain minimum
of volumes accordingly. And so those are what we're alluding to in terms of the COVID-19 programs.

To the latter part of your question around whether we have additional capacity, first of all, we have 1,100
development programs across the company, across all of our segments that we're working on and some
of which are late phase. There are programs that have recently been launched to commercial that we
have commitments with our customers to make sure that we have the capacity, not just in Biologics, but
elsewhere, to make sure that we're able to deliver on those commitments.

As John alluded to, the Board has recently approved additional capital, not only for gene therapy, but
also in our, I would say, base Biologics business, which we will detail in the coming weeks. But also to
make sure that either non-COVID-related programs, again, that are in our pipeline or otherwise, we have
capacity to do. Or if there are more programs, including out of the 100 or so that we're still in dialogue,
active dialogue with our customers on, if any of those should be contracted, that we would be able to be in
a position to deliver on the commitments that we've made accordingly. So it's -- we can't predict exactly
what or when potential approvals may happen. But certainly, we are working throughout our business
segments to make sure that we have the capacity that's necessary to deliver for customers and patients.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger from William Blair.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Wetteny, could you just go back and clarify some of the margin comments you made around the Biologics
segments? What is your outlook for EBITDA margins in fiscal '21 and longer term given some of the puts
and takes you've got?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

So just to clarify my points in terms of how the margins for fiscal '20, which just ended -- and again,
I won't give specifics in terms of margin expectations for a segment for a given year. But I will repeat
what our expectations are overall for the Biologics segment going into the future. When we pare back
and look at fiscal '20 margins within the segment, there are 3 main themes that you're going to see:
First, overall margins in the segment declined for the year. As we are deploying and expanding in our --
particularly from the acquisitions that we've made, as we said at the onset, within our expectations, our
cell therapy acquisition is expected to be margin dilutive in the first few years. We expected our Anagni
acquisition, which is partly in Biologics, to also be margin dilutive, but clearly strategically important and
well positioned to drive growth in the fiscal year and beyond. And so we believe, long term, those were the
right moves for the business.

So if you parse out the impact of -- and not to mention in our gene therapy business as we are ramping
up significantly, not only CapEx to build out the suites, but also the highly skilled employees that are
needed across our Biologics segment, in particular, to be able to execute on that added capacity and
expansion is front loaded, if you will, ahead of the volumes that they would be executing on. So those are
all deliberate moves that we're making that had an impact on overall margins for the business.

If you separate out and look at our organic execution across the business, in Biologics, I would say
margins were slightly negative to the tune of about 30 basis points. And that's largely due to component
sourcing that we are seeing start to increase in the business as we execute on larger programs,
commercial programs.

And so component sourcing are materials that we buy on behalf of our customers to go into production.
We see that as, all else being equal, additive to the base services and manufacturing that we do at very
high margins for the business. And I'll get to long-term expectations before I wrap up the answer to this
question. And so if you look at our services that we perform, excluding component sourcing, margins
actually in the segment expanded to the tune of about 125 basis points, so 125 to 130 basis points
expansion if you look at the base Biologics business, excluding acquisitions and including the impact of
component sourcing.

So as we go forward, again, we're anticipating both in our base Biologics as well as any potential large
volume commercial production for COVID-19 programs, we believe those will potentially come with more
component sourcing, which we see that as an additive element, again, all else being equal, adding to both
revenue and EBITDA. But clearly, in the high single-digit margin for component sourcing, that would be
masking what is -- what I just described, which occurred in fiscal '20, which is the base business actually
expanded its margins over 100 basis points, yet the overall margin picture looked like it was negative
organically. So that's what we're trying to convey.

Long term, the Biologics business, given the complex nature and the premier assets we have in sterile fill/
finish, this is a business that can sustain margins, again, for our core services in the 30%, mid-30s range.
That's our long-term expectation for the business, and we're very pleased with the execution on that front.
And we will continue to take advantage of the opportunity to deliver additional revenues, whether it's
component sourcing or otherwise, albeit masking what underneath is a very healthy margin picture.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

Our next question comes from the line of Juan Avendano from Bank of America.

Juan Esteban Avendano
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

My question is on capacity, and I would appreciate a quantitative answer as much as possible. And so
what was your total fill/finish capacity in Bloomington in 2019? That is, excluding the capacity expansions
that are ongoing, how many doses did you make last year?

And second, what is your anticipated total fill/finish capacity across Bloomington and Anagni, including the
capacity expansions and ramp-up activities that are taking place right now? And so I'm interested in the
fill/finish dose run rate that you anticipate to have by the end of fiscal year '21.

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

First of all, Juan, I -- what I would say is I won't give you that level of specificity in terms of the fill/finish
capacity. We're -- as we've said, as you mentioned Bloomington in particular, we now have Bloomington as
part of the Catalent family since October 2017. And over that period of time, we have seen an increase in
terms of utilization of our capacity, whereas initially, we were in the 40% range. We've added more shifts
to our operations to access that capacity even more so. And yet, over that time period, we've gone all the
way to around 75% utilization of that capacity. But we also, 1.5 years ago, announced expansions that are
well underway and have actually been accelerated in order to meet the demand for potential commercial
volumes for COVID-19 programs. So we're very pleased with how the business is executing, the progress
that we're making on the expansion that will continue to meet our customers' demand, albeit also with
various take-or-pay arrangements that, again, protect our investments.

So without giving you specific fill/finish capacity, what I would say is in terms of commitments we've made
to our customers and the pipeline that we have that we're working with, the development programs, we're
comfortable and confident with our ability to meet those demands as well as overall growth that we see in
the pipeline broadly with respect to Biologics.

Let me just add one -- a couple more things. In our prepared commentary, we talked about the Anagni
facility, which was added to Catalent in the middle of fiscal 2020. As you know, when you buy facilities,
which -- from pharma, it typically comes with a fair amount of capacity, which is why we said we expect
the business to be at lower range of margins initially, but position us well as we add other customers to
the facility. And clearly, that's happening with respect to the programs that we're working on now for
COVID-19 specifically, but not exclusively as we continue to pursue additional customers to go into the
facility.

And last but not least, we also announced the addition of fill/finish product capacity for our Limoges,
France facility in Biologics. So as you can see, throughout 3 of our premier centers of excellence across
Biologics, we have expansion plans underway to add capacities to meet customer demands. And we'll
continue to monitor both our pipeline that we have as well as the broader market demand here to make
sure we're in position given our premier assets to capitalize on demand from our customers.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Jacob Johnson from Stephens.

Jacob K. Johnson
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Congrats on the strong 4Q and clearly, a lot of exciting things going on at Catalent. Maybe on the non-
COVID front, Paragon, largely focused on AAV today. But are there any other cell and gene therapy
capabilities you would like to add to either Paragon or MaSTherCell? I guess maybe any thoughts on
plasmids or on any viral vectors in particular? And then are these capabilities that you think you could add
organically? Or could this be an area for bolt-on M&A?

John R. Chiminski

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

Chairman & CEO

Yes. So thanks, Jacob. John here. So first of all, I just want to say we've really acquired some premier
assets in Paragon and MaSTherCell, really giving us an incredible entry into this very fast-growing area
where literally, we're going to be manufacturing miracles. And I am very proud to say that at our Paragon
facility, we are the first CDMO approved by the FDA for gene therapy commercial manufacturing. So I
think Catalent is in a terrific position.

I'll also mention that Paragon has been in the business of vaccine development and using, I would say,
multiple platforms for many years before they focused on the AAV platform. But as we move forward
and now that we have the acquisition of MaSTherCell, clearly, the ability for us to get into -- to grow our
capabilities from a lentivirus standpoint are there because, as you know, for cell therapy, lentivirus is more
of a preferred platform. So again, we see the synergies between our gene therapy business and also our
cell therapy business.

Also looking very closely at -- and doing work to develop our own capability for plasmid DNA development
and manufacturing, this is a key source component, as you know, for gene therapy. And we clearly have
the capability for that in-house, and our ability to control that raw material is going to be important. So
I would just say in general, Catalent has a very robust science and technology road map that envisions
further expanding our capabilities in the gene and cell therapy areas to include other viral vectors and also
include plasmid DNA.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Can you just kind of like guide as to how should we think about the cadence of earnings in fiscal year
'21? And when we think about the high and low end of the guidance range, it's broader than historically
considering that there's no upside or there is optionality associated with the vaccine in that there's more
visibility associated with the pay and play. What are you factoring into low-end guidance of the guidance
versus the high end of the guidance?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. Ricky, this is Wetteny here. In terms of the cadence, we alluded to first half, second half. But I think
the core of your question is really in terms of the range. We came out with a wider range than typical.
Clearly, we are still in active pandemic and -- which remains fluid. As John alluded to in his prepared
commentary, we've put a number of actions in place to plan and mitigate any potential issues around our
supply chain, but we have to remain somewhat cautious in terms of continuing to execute across those.

The other point I would make -- 2 more points, Ricky, on this is, as you saw, our development revenues
are an increasing percentage of the overall revenue base, which tends to drive a little bit more variability
compared to commercial revenue. So we do take that into consideration and particularly in the Biologics
segment.

Certainly, as we discussed, what we've included here from a COVID-19 program perspective are purely the
take or pay. So clearly, that gives a certain level of certainty within the range around our ability to deliver
the results that we've highlighted in our guidance range here. But we're also coming off of a year, just to
remind you for overall Catalent for fiscal 2020, organic top line growth was 12%, well above the 6% to
8% range that we've discussed. So we're off, I would say, against tougher comps in that regard, but very
pleased to be in position to deliver solid growth again in fiscal '21 between 12% and 16%, depending on
where you fall on the range.

So we have a wide range for a reason, no point in that range anymore. I would say a higher probability
than any other, hence, the reason for a range. I would say within the COVID-19-related piece that we
highlighted, 5% to 7% versus the overall range, they're not necessarily correlated. So the high end of the
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

COVID-19 range doesn't necessarily correlate to the high end of the overall company range. And so we're
going to fall anywhere in that regard.

The last point I'll make, Ricky, is it's really -- we're not giving any specific estimation to look across
7,000 products that we supply in the market in terms of any potential impact those may have in terms of
demand across the marketplace. We discussed the SOT segment in terms of consumer health where we
see a little bit of slowdown compared to where the business posted in fiscal '20, which are well above the
long-term range that we've discussed. So all of those things are factored into the guidance. And we're still
early yet in the fiscal year, so we'll continue to look at how the year is executing as we go forward.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And can I just have one follow-up? When we think about the potential opportunity with the vaccine, should
we -- and we look at what the manufacturers are saying, should we, as it relates to you guys, think about
the U.S. quantities or global?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

I would say, look, as we've highlighted and John covered, we're doing work across both the U.S. and
Europe for our sponsors, those companies that we highlighted, plus the ones that we haven't also
specifically put any sort of announcements on. As a reminder, we signed 50 programs, both on the therapy
side as well as on the vaccine side, and those will be global in nature across those. We're doing work in
the U.S. for both U.S. and outside U.S. as well as in Europe, for Europe and outside Europe. So I would
look at those numbers as more global in nature, not necessarily for each and every customer level, but
across some of the larger programs.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Donald Hooker from KeyBanc.

Donald Houghton Hooker
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Great. A lot of information provided here. I'll sort of ask a simple one. You may have hit this, but just
scribbling down notes here, keeping up with your comments. In terms of the debt target, it looks like you
took down your debt target to 3x. You've done a good job taking that debt ratio down. Can you elaborate
a bit on sort of the thinking behind reducing that net debt ratio target?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Sure, Don. Look, certainly, we've listened to our investors in terms of their look on capital structure
and debt levels. We've been very pleased with the successful equity raises this past fiscal year and well
positioned with a net leverage ratio at 2.8x as we sit today.

I also think it's a reflection of the maturity of the company as we continue to grow and have the ability
to execute on organic as well as inorganic opportunities that we're in position to set a long-term target
of 3.0x. As in the past, we would take that leverage up to execute on inorganic strategic acquisitions, of
course, as long as we have visibility into getting back to that long-term target within a certain time frame,
which typically we look to be able to be in position to do so within about an 18- to 24-month period. So
our long-term target at 3.0x, we will take that up temporarily to execute on strategic acquisitions. Clearly,
you can see what that implies in terms of firepower from where we sit today for any potential inorganic
opportunities, but certainly well positioned to execute on these organic ones as well. But we're pleased to
be able to take that long-term target down from 3.5x to 3.0x.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Sean Dodge from RBC Capital Markets.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

Sean Wilfred Dodge
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Maybe going back to margins. Wetteny, can you put some bookends around the magnitude of the COVID-
related costs you're incurring right now? And not necessarily the investments you're making to ramp the
manufacturing of vaccines, but I'm thinking more the elevated cost to operate facilities and then things
like the thank you bonuses. And then any thoughts on when or if we should expect to see those begin to
unwind?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. Look, as John alluded to, both this time and last quarter, we had about $5 million in the first thank
you bonus round and an incremental $9 million now in this second round of thank you bonuses to our
employees.

We won't put specific bounds around what the rest of the cost might be around the network. From
COVID-19, we've made adjustments to our shifts and work approaches to ensure that our employees are
safe and have social distancing between them. Certainly, those have implications. Additional PPE that we
are buying and using in execution of our work across the network have an impact as well.

But I would say there are some items that go the opposite direction, too: for example, less travel and
entertainment means lower cost for those and in some instances, you may see lower cost of health and
welfare, too. So it's not all going in one direction. I would say the one piece we've quantified is the thank
you bonuses. I would say the rest also would fall on net cost, but there are some offsets as well, as I just
gave you some examples.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Nephron Research.

Jack Meehan
Nephron Research LLC

I had 2 follow-ups on COVID-19. In the near term, you're trying to compress what usually would be years
of work into just a few quarters. So I was curious how you feel about the efficiency at the rate at which
you're scaling up these vaccines. And what impact that might have on the margins and the way you've
contracted?

And then longer term, you've also accelerated a lot of investment just to support some of these projects.
So I know you just recently raised your long-term targets, but I was wondering how you feel about the
durability of some of the revenue contribution you're seeing in the near term. And what that might mean
for the longer-term trajectory?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. Look, first part of your question, Jack, in terms of efficiencies, clearly, we at Catalent have large-
scale capacity where we deliver over 70 billion doses a year. And various programs, depending on
the length of runs, et cetera, can have positive effects on our margins. The bigger the program, the
longer the runs, et cetera, naturally inherently are. So to the extent that we get to a point where we're
manufacturing large volumes of any program, whether it's COVID-19 or not, it would have positive
implications. But also keep in mind, there are development activities that we're engaging in currently
that don't necessarily lend themselves to that same level of, I would say, operating throughput. So I
think on balance, these programs would feel a whole lot like most of the work we do in this space versus
anything nuanced in that regard. But certainly, and again, if there are certain approvals that drive high-
level throughput in a short period of time, those could be beneficial in terms of operating throughput.

In terms of investments, acceleration of those, of course, those haven't -- we've highlighted the impact
those have on free cash flows, et cetera, and that we'll be well positioned both to deliver the growth

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

expectations we have across the company, but also across Biologics. And as a reminder, for the company,
our long-term growth rate is 6% to 8%, with Biologics being in the mid-teens in terms of long term.
You've seen us posting numbers above that in fiscal '20. And given the tailwind related to the COVID-19
programs and other baseline programs we're doing, our business is positioned well to deliver on those kind
of numbers or above.

But looking at long-term targets that we have, those are sort of 5-year-type targets that we have in
terms of long term. And while we are positioned to deliver as a go-to company here related to COVID-19
in particular, with a very healthy pipeline of 1,100 development programs, certainly, especially while
we're still in the midst of a pandemic, it is not the time that we would be taking another look at our long-
term target of 6% to 8%, which we believe is well supported given the base assets that we have and the
investments that we're making.

Operator

I would now like to hand the call back over to John Chiminski for closing remarks.

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for your questions, for taking the time and joining our call. I'd
like to close by reminding you of a few important points: First, the transformative acquisitions we made
over the last several years, combined with our strategic internal growth investments across the company,
led us to deliver double-digit organic revenue growth in fiscal 2020 and also positioned us to forecast
another year of double-digit organic revenue growth in fiscal 2021.

Next, continuing to build out our world-class Biologics business and integrating the premier assets we've
acquired remain a top priority. The COVID-19 pandemic has increased the demand for these offerings and
led us to accelerate and reassign some of our CapEx plans to meet these customer and patient needs.
We continue to expect strong revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth from our Biologics segment and
target the Biologics segment to make up approximately 50% of our total revenues in fiscal 2024 versus
approximately 1/3 of revenue in fiscal 2020.

Finally, our mission to develop, manufacture and supply products that help people live better and healthier
lives has never been more important. It all starts with our 14,000 employees who live our patient-first
culture and have worked hard to carry out the great responsibility we have to maintain business continuity
for all of those counting on us to deliver, be it for a potential COVID-19 vaccine or treatment or the 70
billion doses we produce every year across thousands of our customers' other products. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CATALENT, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 31, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

