Catalent, Inc. NYSE:CTLT
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 05, 2020 12:15 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.49

Revenue  (mm)

697.29

0.50

760.60

2.04

9.08

0.62

1.81

2.08

764.62

2848.87

3062.67

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-05-2020 1:14 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.66

0.23

0.45

0.49

0.70

0.26

0.45

0.50

6.06 %

13.04 %

0.00 %

2.04 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Paul Surdez
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Evan Arthur Stover
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Jacob K. Johnson
Stephens Inc., Research Division

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Juan Esteban Avendano
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Catalent Third Quarter Fiscal Year
2020 Earnings Call and Webcast.

[Operator Instructions]

Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.

[Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Paul Surdez, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Thank you, and please go ahead, sir.

Paul Surdez
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today in Catalent's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020
Financial Results. Joining me on the call today are John Chiminski, Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and
Wetteny Joseph, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

Please see our agenda for this call on Slide 2 of our supplemental presentation, which is available on our
Investor Relations website at www.catalent.com.

During our call today, management will make forward-looking statements and refer to non-GAAP financial
measures. It is possible that actual results could differ from management's expectations. We refer you
to Slide 3 for more detail. Slide 3, 4 and 5 discuss the non-GAAP measures and our just-issued earnings
release provides reconciliations to the nearest GAAP measures.

Catalent's Form 10-Q, to be filed with the SEC later today, has additional information on the risks and
uncertainties that may bear on our operating results, performance and financial condition, including those
related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Now I would like to turn the call over to John Chiminski.

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Paul, and welcome, everyone, to the call. We'll start today's comments with an overview of our
response to the COVID-19 pandemic and how our early planning to implement responsive measures and
quick reactions to emerging and unprecedented developments have enabled us to maintain business
continuity.

I'm proud to report that the tireless efforts of employees across our company and our strong financial
position have together permitted us to continue to meet our commitments to our internal and external
stakeholders.

Please refer to Slides 6 and 7 for our COVID-19 discussion. First and foremost, our top priorities are
ensuring that our employees have a safe and secure working environment, while at the same time,
keeping our facilities open so that the vital medicines we develop and produce are available for patients.
Catalent was proactive in February, establishing a COVID-19 response team and creating new processes to
support our production workers so that they can safely and confidently come to work.

We continue to follow, and in many cases, even exceed local, state and natural guidelines. Given our GMP
culture, which has always included training for employees to stay home if sick and to promptly report
illness, we had a strong foundation on which to expand our safety measures. Some of the measures we
added include severely restricting visitor and nonessential employee access to our sites, reorganizing our
workflows and adding shifts to maximize social distancing, effectively sourcing PPE and requiring the use
of masks, implementing virtual video inspections of our facilities for customers and regulators, eliminating

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

almost all business travel, facilitating safer alternatives for travel to and from work and enhancing our IT
infrastructure to comfortably handle the extra load for our employees that are able to work remotely.

Looking toward the future, we have initiated a post lockdown task force, which focuses on operating
during the next phase of the COVID-19 pandemic. Roughly 75% of our 13,500 employees do not have
roles that allow for them to work from home. To recognize our site-based production and support
employees for their personal commitment, reliability and resilience in keeping our sites running during this
global emergency, we are providing most of our site-based employees with thank-you bonuses, totaling
more than $5 million. Catalent has more than enough cash to pay these bonuses itself, but as a sign of
our management's sincere appreciation and our commitment to fiscal responsibility, these bonuses will
be partially funded by contributions from the salaries of our executive and senior leadership teams. I
personally volunteered to have my pay reduced by 40% for the next 3 months to support this effort.

Our employees are extremely motivated and driven by our patient-first culture as they know that their
work improves the health and well-being of patients around the world. And now, in addition to the
thousands of important products we produce every year, we're all extremely proud to be working with our
customers on multiple COVID-related vaccines, treatments and diagnostics to detect, prevent and address
symptoms and effects of this disease. And I will share more with you on these developments in just a few
moments.

I'm proud that Catalent's committed employees have kept our facilities open and our quality intact.
However, this situation remains fluid, and I want to be clear that we will not continue to keep a site or a
production line up and running if we think it isn't safe for employees or will negatively impact quality.

Managing our supply chain is another critical component of maintaining business continuity. We continue
to stress test and survey deep into our supply chain to mitigate risks. To date, we've not identified any
significant delay that may have a substantial effect on the delivery of any product or clinical trial supplies
or that may impact our development services.

We have adopted specific procedures to minimize and manage future disruption to our ongoing operations,
including expanding our safety stock of raw materials and securing personal protective equipment across
our network as well as ongoing monitoring of our supplier stock levels to mitigate impact on future
deliveries. Note that our inventory levels will likely rise as a result of our proactive actions to secure
safety stock for longer-than-normal periods. We've successfully navigated supply chain and other COVID-
related complexities thus far, and our proactive and continuing efforts position us for continued success.
However, the supply chain for our customers' products is dynamic and fluid, so we will continue to focus
on proactively identifying and resolving any global logistical challenge, and there may be unforeseen
challenges ahead.

When thinking about demand for our products and services, it should not surprise you, given our business
model that we see both potential challenges and potential opportunities as we respond to the COVID-19
pandemic.

However, due to the diversity of the 7,000 products in our portfolio, with our top 20 products representing
just 20% of revenue and our single largest at 4%, we're not currently seeing a net shift in overall demand.

We have identified several COVID-related trends with respect to the demand for our services across all 4
business segments, and we would like to share with you some notable observations.

First, due in part to the wide variety of products we produce, we've seen some increases and some
decreases in customer forecast and orders, which in both the third quarter and to date in this quarter have
been largely offsetting.

Second, in our Clinical Supply Services segment, we experienced strong year-on-year growth in the third
quarter. Contributing to this growth was a notable surge in storage and distribution services, but that has
moderated in the fourth quarter to date. We continue to monitor a variety of developing trends in this
business, including to see whether a widely predicted slowdown in clinical trials is actually occurring. But
we also note that CSS remains Catalent's smallest business segment. So these trends are likely to have
only limited effect on Catalent's overall results.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Finally, about 30% of our revenues are for our development services across multiple segments,
representing a wide range of R&D solutions, with most of the revenue tied to products that are in the later
stages of development.

It's important to note that we work on more than 1,000 development projects at any one time, and it's
one of the strengths of Catalent that a broad range of customers, products and programs mean that no
single customer, product or program is material to us.

We've not experienced a notable slowdown in demand for our development services, but we are actively
monitoring the situation and continue to take the pulse of our customers. In the event, there is a short-
term decrease in demand for some early-stage development services, it may be offset by an increase for
COVID-related services, depending on the size and duration of any potential market ships and the timing
of COVID-related projects.

Due to our significant development experience and capabilities across a broad range of advanced
technologies, we are now helping our customers to develop, manufacture and supply COVID-19 vaccines
and treatments across all 4 of our business segments, including projects for drug substance, drug product,
oral, respiratory, analytical chemistry and Clinical Supply Services.

As of last week, we've been presented with approximately 100 opportunities for COVID-related programs
involving roughly 90 molecules, which we estimate to comprise roughly 45% of all COVID-19 products and
treatments currently under development.

Some of these projects have already been signed, including the partnership we announced on April 29
with Johnson & Johnson for the establishment of new segregated manufacturing capacity and preparation
for large-scale commercial manufacturing in the United States for their lead vaccine candidate for
COVID-19.

On March 30, J&J announced the expected timeline for its lead vaccine candidate, including the initiation
of human clinical studies by September 2020 and its anticipation that the first commercial batches
of a potential COVID-19 vaccine could be available for emergency use authorization in early 2021, a
substantially accelerated timeframe compared to the typical vaccine development process.

Under our partnership with J&J, Catalent will accelerate availability of manufacturing capacity for J&J's
program and will prepare for large-scale commercial manufacturing in our Bloomington, Indiana facility.

We also plan to hire approximately 300 additional employees beginning in July 2020 to deliver operational
readiness and 24/7 manufacturing schedules for our portion of the projected demand of multi-dose units.

We also announced yesterday, our partnership with Arcturus Therapeutics to support the drug substance
manufacturer of its COVID-19 mRNA-based vaccine candidate in our Madison, Wisconsin facility. The
partnership will combine Arcturus' vaccine technology with Madison's scalable cGMP manufacturing
capabilities to potentially commercialize -- commercially produce millions of doses starting later this year.

In noting these programs we recognize that it's always to predict future demand for unapproved drugs
and that historical statistics on the success of development programs suggest that many of the COVID-19
related projects our customers have brought to us, may never achieve commercialization. But we will do
our part to maximize the odds that each and everyone is successful.

Before moving on to summarize our third quarter results, I'd like to remind you that a key strength of
Catalent is the wide diversity of our business, products, geographies and customers. This has helped us
weather storms in the past, and we see no difference today when we consider what this situation means
for the long-term performance of the company.

While the crisis is still unfolding, we do not foresee this terrible pandemic creating a fundamental change
to our business. Due to our comprehensive capabilities, diverse revenue base and well-funded customers
as well as the increasing need for complex solutions and our strengthened balance sheet, Catalent is well
positioned to weather this crisis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

While our industry will likely continue to experience change, we will quickly adapt and emerge as an even
stronger company.

Now I'm pleased to share with you a summary of our financial highlights from the third quarter, which
are covered on Slides 8 and 9. Our revenue for the third quarter increased 23% as reported or 25% in
constant currency to $761 million, with 7% of the constant currency growth being organic.

Our adjusted EBITDA of $185 million for the quarter was above the third quarter of fiscal year 2019 on a
constant currency basis by 22%, with 8% of the 22% being organic.

Our adjusted net income for the third quarter was $83 million or $0.50 per diluted share, up from $0.49
per share ANI in the corresponding prior year period.

All 4 reporting segments reported year-on-year growth with the Biologics, Softgel and Oral Technologies
and Clinical Supply Services segments, continuing their solid organic growth in our Oral and Specialty
Delivery segment returning to organic growth.

We further strengthened our financial position before the recent market volatility through a series of
strategic transactions that funded important growth initiatives, increased cash on our balance sheet,
lowered the overall interest rate on our debt and pushed out our nearest maturity dates.

As a result of these transactions, which Wetteny will later detail, combined with our cash generation in
the quarter, we funded our entry into cell therapy through the acquisition of MaSTherCell, increased our
cash position by more than $400 million and reduced our net debt leverage ratio to 3.8x from 4.2x at
December 31.

Our net leverage is currently at one of the lowest points during my entire 11-plus years at Catalent, and
our projections for further EBITDA growth mean that we will continue to naturally delever over time.

Over the last 18 months, we have announced several substantial capital projects that will enable us to
anticipate demand across our business, including for our biologics and gene and cell therapy products.

Given our strong cash position and long maturities, we can afford to invest now for the future as planned.
However, we are keeping a very tight rein on these projects, and we always have the ability to slow or halt
them if conditions warrant.

Though at the moment, we do not see a need to do so. Enabling the growth of our world-class Biologics
business continues to be a key focus at Catalent. During the quarter, we completed 2 acquisitions that we
expect will become future growth drivers for the company. The January 1 acquisition of the facility in the
Anagni, Italy expanded our European capabilities in biologics drug product, solid oral dose manufacturing
and packaging.

Given the current high demand for sterile fill/finish product manufacturing capabilities for vaccines, the
Anagni facility has the capability, talent and capacity to become a contributor in the global effort against
COVID-19. On February 10, we completed our acquisition of MaSTherCell, which enabled Catalent to
broaden its biologic portfolio to include cell therapy service offerings, including the development and
manufacture of both autologous and allogeneic cell therapies as well as a variety of related analytical
services.

When combined with the gene therapy capabilities we acquired in 2019, we believe MaSTherCell
establishes Catalent as a leader in cell and gene therapy, creating deeper and broader relationships with
customers and opening up cross-selling opportunities across Catalent's other technology platforms as
we've already seen through our gene therapy acquisition.

Effectively integrating the premier assets we have acquired and deploying CapEx to increase and enhance
our biologics capacity and capability will underpin our ability to meet the needs of customers and their
patients. We expect strong revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth from our biologics offerings over time
and continue to target the Biologics segment to make up approximately 50% of our total revenues in
fiscal 2024 versus approximately 1/3 today and to be a primary driver of the margin expansion we
expect for our company over the same period. To help guide this growth, last week, we announced the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

next-generation of leadership for our cell and Gene Therapy business with the appointment of Dr. Manja
Boerman as its President, effective June 1.

As announced earlier this year, Manja joined Catalent in December and has since led our European
Biologics business as well as our recently acquired cell therapy business. Pete Buzy, who's led the Catalent
Gene Therapy business since the company's acquisition of Paragon Bioservices in May 2019 will be retiring
on June 1, but will remain with the company as Chairman of the Gene Therapy in an advisory capacity for
the next 12 months to support Manja as she transitions into her new role.

I would like to personally thank Pete under whose guidance, our Gene Therapy business, has seen
significant growth and continuous investment to meet the strong and growing demand for our dental
associated viral vectors, next-generation vaccines and oncolytic viruses.

Before turning today's presentation over to Wetteny, who will take you through our third quarter financial
results and the details related to our updated financial guidance, I'd like to point you to Slide 10 to
highlight our progress on corporate responsibility.

I'm proud to let you know that we recently published our first corporate responsibility report covering
fiscal year 2019. A copy of this report may be found on our website. The report measures our progress
across a range of important ESG, environmental, social and governance promulgated by the Sustainability
Accounting Standards Board or SASB for the biotechnology and pharmaceuticals industries.

Our report brings a new level of transparency concerning and highlights our ambitions towards our
company-wide quality, safety, environmental sustainability and diversity inclusion efforts, all of which have
become even more embedded in our culture over the last several years.

The guiding light of our corporate responsibility efforts is our mission to help people live better, healthier
lives. As a global development and manufacturing partner clinical trial materials and health products, the
impact of our progress in all ESG areas on our company's ability to deliver on our mission has never been
more important. Thanks to our corporate responsibility team and several of our site teams around the
world, we have provided emergency relief grants to local charities in the communities where we operate
that are supporting COVID-19 relief efforts.

In addition to corporate grants, our contributions include 2 to 1 company match for employees' charitable
donations related to COVID-19 pandemic relief efforts. Our broad efforts to respond to the COVID-19
pandemic for employees, our communities, our customers and ultimately their patients underscore why
I continue to look forward to, additional progress in our corporate responsibility and sustainability as
Catalent grows.

I'd now like to turn the call over to Wetteny.

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, John. I will begin this morning with a discussion on segment performance where both the fiscal
2019 and fiscal 2020 third quarter results are presented on the basis of their reporting segments we
introduced earlier this fiscal year year.

Please turn to Slide 11, which presents our Softgel and Oral Technologies business. As in past earning's
calls, my commentary around segment growth will be in constant currency. be in constant currency be in
constant currency. Softgel and Oral Technologies revenue of $242.3 million decreased 3% over the third
quarter of 2019, with segment EBITDA increasing 9%. After excluding the impact of the October 2019
divestiture of the segment's VMS manufacturing site in Braeside, Australia, segment revenue and EBITDA
grew 4% and 13% respectively. The growth primarily relates to increased demand and the prescription
product business in North America which is partially attributable to recently launched products.

In addition, the consumer health business had stronger demand in both Europe and North America. The
segment's improvement in EBITDA was driven by favorable product mix across the network.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Slide 12 shows that our Biologics segment recorded revenue of $250 million in the quarter, which is up
88% versus the comparable prior year period, with segment EBITDA growing 46%.

Most of the revenue and all of the segment EBITDA growth was inorganic and driven by our gene and
cell therapy acquisitions as well as by our acquisition of the Anagni Facility which recognized the portion
of its revenue in the Biologics segment this quarter with the remaining portion being included in our
Oral and Specialty Delivery segment. In total, for the Biologics segment, these acquisitions contributed
77 percentage points to revenue and 51 percentage points to EBITDA growth. EBITDA margin from
acquisitions this quarter were below the segment average due to a significant increase in onboarding
talent in the fast-growing Gene Therapy business, mostly in the area of operations and quality. The lower
margin currently being generated in the cell therapy business, which is expected to continue due to the
cost of continuing to build out this relatively new business over at least the next 18 months. And the
current underutilization of the Anagni facility, which will begin to change in our fiscal year 2021 as we
already have begun to see new customer activity outside of the BMS supplier agreement.

Excluding the acquisitions, the segment recorded organic revenue growth of 11% in the third quarter with
the biggest driver of the revenue growth stemming from continued growing demand for the U.S. drug
product business. However, organic segment EBITDA declined 5% which was due to a number of factors,
including unfavorable product mix, softness in the European drug product business, increased headcount
in U.S. drug products business to staff new production lines, including the recent completion of the $14
million integrated complex packaging suites in Bloomington and the previously discussed completion of a
limited duration customer contract which had a particularly high drop-through of EBITDA.

The end of this contract annualized in the third quarter, so we'll no longer provide a comparison headwind
beginning in the fourth quarter.

Note that drug substance, after excluding the completion of this non-cell-line clinical manufacturing
contract, grew both revenue and EBITDA year-over-year.

As a final note on Biologics, it is important to consider the large amount of development work being done
in this business following the gene and cell therapy acquisitions over the last year, with approximately 2/3
of the revenue being generated by development programs, there will more likely be greater quarter-to-
quarter fluctuations in financial performance.

However, this increase in development revenue is primarily driven by mid- to late-stage projects
and bodes well for the segment's future organic growth as these programs move towards future
commercialization.

Slide 13 shows Oral and Specialty Delivery segment recorded revenue of $181.4 million in the quarter,
which was up 19% versus the comparable prior year period, with segment EBITDA up 16% quarter-over-
quarter. Most of the growth was driven by the acquisition of the Anagni facility, which recognized more
than half of its revenue in the OSD segment this quarter.

In total, the Anagni facility contributed 13 percentage points to revenue and 9 percentage points to
EBITDA growth. As we just discussed with the non-used Biologics component, margins are expected to be
low until new customers are brought into the facility over time.

We experienced strong growth in orally delivered commercial products in both the U.S. and in Europe. The
segment's respiratory and ophthalmic specialty delivery platform significantly picked up from last quarter
due to new product launches, including one that benefited from our product participation component and a
general increase in demand for respiratory products as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.

The OSD segment continues to have a very strong development pipeline that is expected to drive future
long-term growth.

Now to to provide additional insight into our long-cycle segments, which includes Softgel and Oral
Technologies, Biologics and Oral and Specialty Delivery. Each quarter, we disclosed our long-cycle
development revenue. As a reminder, these metrics are only the rational indicators of our business, since

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

we do not control the sales or marketing of these products nor can we predict the ultimate commercial
success of them.

As you can see from our slide presentation today, in addition to disclosing each of the long cycle segments
development revenue in our 10-Q, we are also now presenting this information for you in the supplement
we provided at the end of the earnings presentation slides.

For the first 9 months of fiscal year 2020, we recorded development revenue across both small and large
molecule of $666.2 million, which is more than 47% above the development revenue recorded in the same
period of the prior fiscal year.

In addition to our quarterly disclosures of development revenue, we also provide a total number of new
product introductions as well as expected revenue from these NPIs in the current year.

We introduced 120 new products in the first 9 months of fiscal year 2020, which are expected to
contribute approximately $47 million of revenue in the fiscal year.

Now as shown on Slide 14, our Clinical Supply Services segment posted revenue of $88.9 million or 16%
growth over the third quarter of the prior year, segment EBITDA of $24.6 million or 24% growth.

The strong growth in both revenue and segment EBITDA was primary driven by accelerated backlog burn
for our storage and distribution services as well as increased demand for our manufacturing and packaging
business.

As of March 31, 2020, our backlog for the CSS was $396 million, up 1.5% from $390 million at December
31. This segment recorded net new business wins of $96 million during the third quarter, which is a
decrease of 15.1% compared to the very high level of of net new business wins recorded in the third
quarter of the prior year.

With a strong Q3 prior year quarter rolling off and the accelerated revenue in the third quarter of this year,
the segment's trailing 12-month book-to-bill is now 1.1x and compared to 1.2x last quarter.

As John mentioned, there are many cross currents in the CSS business, we are beginning to see signs of
a slowdown in clinical trials, which will not be entirely offset by incremental demand we are seeing from
trials related to COVID-19.

We believe there was a pull forward of clinical trial activity in March at CSS early Q4 overall activity is
lower than before the pandemic.

Accordingly, we expect the growth rate of the CSS segment to significantly decelerate in the fourth quarter
from the 16% growth in Q3.

However, we expect demand to normalize later in the calendar year, so we are not planning to significantly
variablize our cost to match the expected temporary slowdown in revenue.

Moving to adjusted EBITDA on Slide 15. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA increased 20% to $185 million,
or 24.4% of revenue compared to 25% of revenue reported in the third quarter of the prior year. On a
constant currency basis, our third quarter adjusted EBITDA increased 22%, including 8% organic growth.

On Slide 16, you can see that third quarter adjusted net income was $82.9 million or $0.50 per diluted
share compared to adjusted net income of $71.2 million or $0.49 per diluted share in the third quarter a
year ago.

Slides 17 shows our debt-related ratios and our capital allocation priorities. As John mentioned earlier,
since our last call, we executed several important financial transactions ahead of the recent market
volatility that strengthened our balance sheet and reduced our leverage and weighted average interest
rate.

First, we raised approximately $500 million to an equity offering, which was used to finance the
MaSTherCell cell therapy acquisition and pay down an intra-period revolver borrowing with the remainder
of net cash raised going to the balance sheet.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Next, we paid down over $750 million of euro-denominated loans and notes due 2024 and replaced them
with roughly $900 million in unsecured euro-denominated notes due 2028 at a much lower rate of 2 3/8%
with the difference in cash after expenses going to the balance sheet.

After these moves, our nearest term senior debt maturity now occurs in 2026, roughly 6 years out and
all of our senior notes remain covenant light, and all of our senior debt has been placed at very attractive
interest rates.

In an abundance of caution, we put $200 million on our balance sheet through a borrowing under our
$550 million revolving facility towards the end of the quarter. All of that cash remained on our balance
sheet at the end of the quarter, and we still have $350 million of unused capacity under the revolver left
the aggregate value of our outstanding letters of credit, the details of which are set forth in the Form 10-Q
we are filing with this morning.

In another move to strengthen our balance sheet and minimize the impact of any future volatility in
market interest rates, we completed an interest rate swap agreement after the end of the quarter for
approximately half of our standing U.S. dollar-denominated term loans, stopping some of our LIBOR-based
variable rates for fixed rates, making over 70% of our debt fixed rates.

As a result of the structured transactions we executed in the third quarter, as well as the cash we
generated in the quarter, our cash and cash equivalents balance at March 31 was $608 million compared
to $189 million at December 31. At the end of April, cash and cash equivalents were roughly the same as
at the end of Q3. Our aggregate net leverage ratio as of March 31, 2020, was 3.8x, which was significantly
reduced from the 4.2x ratio at the end of the prior quarter and an improvement of approximately 2/3 of a
turn compared to the ratio at the time we announced the Paragon transaction approximately one year ago.

Historically, given the free cash flow generation of the company and its growing adjusted EBITDA, the
company naturally delevers between 1/2 and 3/4 of a turn per year. However, given our elevated CapEx
plans over the next 24 months, the reduction of leverage is expected to occur at a lower pace for that
period.

We expect our fiscal 2020 capital expenditures to remain at approximately 13% to 14% of net revenue.
CapEx is expected to continue to be at elevated levels for the next 2 to 3 years.

I'd like to make some general comments regarding the composition of our CapEx, which generally falls
into 3 parts. First, roughly 3% to 4% of revenue is spent every year to maintain our facilities and to meet
the rigorous regulatory requirements for GMP manufacturing.

Second, based on our insights regarding our basket of development projects on careful consideration of
long-term expected demand, we build capacity with high confidence that a substantial portion of the new
capacity will be engaged to meet expected customer demands.

Finally, due to the natural attrition inherent in pharmaceutical development programs, it is difficult for
Catalent to protect our interest and not invest capital speculatively for potential product launches. So we
generally do not deploy capital to meet the anticipated needs of a single product. When we do, we require
a mix of customer-funded CapEx or take-or-pay arrangements to offset the risks associated with any
single product. Note that our growth CapEx is overwhelmingly discretionary. And if there is an unforeseen
issue related to the pandemic that should impact our cash position, we will be able to act swiftly to control
the deployment of uncommitted CapEx as well as a portion of other discretionary operating expenses.

Now we'll turn to our financial outlook for fiscal year 2020, as outlined on Slide 18. John noted in his
opening comments that we have updated our financial guidance and substantial part to take into account
is the anticipated near-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.

We continue to expect full year revenue in the range of $2.87 billion to $2.95 billion, as some expected
lost revenue should be offset by new demand, including demand related to COVID-19.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

For full year adjusted EBITDA, we now expect a range of $700 million to $725 million compared to a
previous expectation of $711 million to $735 million. This change is as a result of lower productivity and
increased net costs related to the pandemic.

The productivity impact includes a modest increase in absenteeism and adding additional shifts to
accommodate social distancing, elevated costs related to incremental PPE expense, incremental overtime,
enhanced IT and the thank-you bonuses that John described earlier.

To reflect the change in adjusted EBITDA, we are also updating our full year adjusted net income guidance
to a range of $295 million to $320 million compared to the previous guidance of $307 million to $331
million. As a result of the $500 million equity raise on February 4, we now expect that our fully diluted
share count on the weighted average basis for the fiscal year ending June 30 will be in the range of 165
million to 166 million shares compared to the previous range of 160 million to 161 million shares. This
projection continues to count the preferred shares we issued in May of 2019 to fund part of the gene
therapy acquisition as if all were converted to common shares in accordance with their terms.

We continue to expect our consolidated effective tax rate to be between 24% and 26% for the fiscal year.
Our guidance ranges assume that there is no major external change to the current situation, including no
major personnel issue and that our supply chain will remain intact so that production may continue.
Operator, we now would like to open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

John, congrats on announcing the vaccine deals. Just curious if you could help us think a little bit more
about the potential tailwind here for J&J to billion doses. Is $0.60 per dose kind of the right math, so
maybe $130 million, $150 million per year? And because this is -- production's at risk, can you maybe just
talk to that component of the deal? It sounds like there'll be a manufacturing at risk for emergency use
initially before Phase I, September?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So first of all, I'd just like to say that Catalent has given our capabilities within the industry, we've
really become a go-to company for COVID-related vaccines and therapies.

And I mentioned in my prepared comments that we've had nearly 100 touch points with about 90
molecules of which we've really secured somewhere around 30 signed deals. So I'm just incredibly proud
that Catalent's been able to be, I would say, front and center partnering with our pharmaceutical and
biotech customers to be able to really participate in being part of the solution.

With regards to J&J or any other customers that we have, we generally don't outline any specific terms
with regards to those deals. I would just say that in constructing these deals, we make sure that we
understand the fact that some of these -- or many of these may not actually be commercialized. So
we need to make sure that we get a return for our investments in the J&J deal, and they're assisting in
funding of the CapEx. And we have, I would just say, put in place terms that ensure that Catalent will
get a return for this investment. It's kind of interesting in the J&J deal because of our -- the proactive
nature of our business, we were putting online some additional capacity in Bloomington. As you well
know, we had somewhere around $110 million investment going in there, and we're actually going to be
repurposing, align and dedicating it for J&J in this particular situation. I'll ask if Wetteny wants to add any
additional commentary with regards to the financials.

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I think, Tycho, the only thing -- a couple of things I would add is given the -- even with the
accelerated development path that J&J is on, we likely won't see any significant -- provided successful
volumes here until well into the back half of our fiscal '21. So that's the first thing I would say. And in
terms of volumes, we won't give any precision other than to say this is structured so that we will provide a
substantial portion of J&J's U.S. targets in terms of units and volume.

And the last point I'll make, Tycho, is as you know, Catalent is highly diversified company with 7,000
products across the world, delivering to 80 countries, and that level of diversification means that the top
20 products only account for 20% of our revenues. And I think even then with the work we're doing with
J&J and others, we don't foresee that changing substantially in terms of the lower diversification in the
company where some priority is going to really define how we perform overall.

Tycho W. Peterson
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So then one follow-up. We're seeing a number of the drug companies scale out monoclonal antibody
production as well as the way to bridge the gap until vaccines come on the market. Obviously, they're
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

proven safe. So just curious something really is going to start dosing first patients next month. Can you
talk to that opportunity for you as well?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

I would just say, Tycho, that we're seeing opportunities across every technology and capability that we
have within the company. Again, we'll not opine specifically with regards to one customer. But I would
just say, there's almost not a single business unit and technology that we have that isn't being asked
to participate in some way, everything from, again, antibodies, the mRNA, adenovirus vaccines, our
analytical capability, our clinical supply services, even our Softgel and Oral Technologies and our OSD
business segment, every single business segment is somehow being drawn into a potential vaccine and a
potential therapy.

And I would just say, again, with Catalent's proactive nature of making sure we are building out capacity
in our highest growth areas, the fact that we had acquired the Anagni BMS facility has proven to be really
present. It has critical capacity that I think is very much wanted and needed in this COVID crisis, the
build-outs that we've done in Madison, the expansion that we did and are doing in our Bloomington facility
is almost as if Catalent is, again, the right company at the right time, with the right capabilities and the
right capacity. So again, we're just humbled and thrilled that we can be participating in such a substantial
way in the COVID vaccines and therapies.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

John, if you -- I know one program is probably not going to be material, but have you had a opportunity to
-- if you aggregated those 30 signed programs that you mentioned for COVID-19, give us a rough sense
about what that would mean as, let's say, a percent of revenue in 2020?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Well, so first of all, I think we've been very clear here that we have headwinds and tailwinds that are
largely offsetting. I think we made that very clear in the prepared comments.

And certainly, we're not looking forward to fiscal year '21. But I would tell you that as we look to
our performance in the third quarter and have the visibility with continuing uncertainties in this fluid
environment to the fourth quarter, we've taken that all into account in our revised guidance. And
obviously, we've given ourselves a little bit wider berth for potentially some of those unknowns than we
normally would have -- we've got a kind of a wider range than we would normally have sitting here in the
fourth quarter. But again, I would say that certainly, we've got some strong tailwinds that will modestly
be offset by potential declines in CSS and and other actions that we're taking that will kind of increase
costs and reduce productivity. So again, we feel confident in the revised guidance, in the range that we've
given. And then obviously, we'll have a view towards fiscal year '21 with the significant number of projects
we have when we provide that guidance late in August.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Great. And then a follow-up. I think you've got 5 different facilities in your Biologics business now. Can
you just run through the current utilization rates and to the degree that you've got capacity to unload
some of these newer programs?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Yes. I mean, the way I would go through this, and again, we're working very closely with our customers.
Starting with our Biologics facility, I would just say we're in -- Biologics drug substance facility in Madison,
I would say that we are in good shape. We haven't yet secured a commercial customer yet in that facility.
So that leaves us with some spare capacity plus new capacity that's going to be coming online with the
fourth and fifth trains that puts us, I would say, in a very good position from an overall drug substance
[indiscernible] .

On drug product, this is a facility that, quite frankly, we're already faced with very heavy demand and
in fact, the new demand was going to be coming on dovetailing in line with when we were going to be
operating at a capacity level that was, I would say, uncomfortable. But in the current situation, I would
just say that we have creatively and aggressively repositioned some of that CapEx to pull it in, including
looking at additional CapEx for more capacity, given the significant demand that we have in drug product,
but I, again, feel that we're in a good position to take on not only J&J but other significant customers from
a drug product standpoint.

The real -- another jewel here is Anagni. Anagni, we brought on board, and fundamentally, right now, we
have just BMS as the customer there with the plan over the next 2 years to build up that book of business
with Catalent -- other customers for Catalent beyond BMS. And it turns out that the capabilities that they
have from a drug product standpoint, again, can be aimed towards in positions for COVID drug product,
and we're already in conversations with multiple customers there.

So then, again, Catalent is becoming a go-to where we happen to have the right capability and capacity
at the right time. And then certainly, if there's anything that ends up going into a prefilled syringe format,
we have capability and capacity in our Brussels facility, but as you know, John, most of the stuff, given its
highly accelerated state will likely be in multi-dose vials, including the J&J product that will be vial that will
probably have somewhere between 3 and 5 doses, not yet determined.

So again, I would just say that Catalent is in a very strong position to address a lot of our customers, but
things are -- the capacity I had last Friday has changed on Monday just based on the conversations and
things going on with customers. So it's an exciting time. And again, I'm just humbled and thankful that
Catalent is going to be able to play a substantial role in being part of the solution for the COVID-19.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies.

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

John, I want to make sure I come away with the right understanding on a couple of things. The -- in the
Biologics segment, you talked -- the acquisition certainly made a bigger contribution than we expected.
That seems encouraging. Excluding those, you talk about EBITDA down 5% year-over-year. I suspect the
noncore products coming out of Madison was part of that. Were there other factors that influence that
year-over-year EBITDA comparison? Or was that one thing primarily the issue?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Well, look, I think, Dave, I'll answer briefly and turn it over to Wetteny, but I think you can see from our
prepared remarks that there were multiple reasons with regards to Biologics, EBITDA being down. First of
all, we're onboarding a significant amount of talent, both within our Bloomington as well as our Baltimore
Gene Therapy business. And then also our cell therapy business, which when we did the acquisition, we
told you that we wouldn't have meaningful contributions from that business, including Anagni, those
both had impacts both with regards to the EBITDA margin. And then specifically with regards to the
EBITDA, I would say, again, it was the softness of the European drug product. And what we mean by that
is fundamentally the fluid demand that we had there. Again, increased head count. And then there was
also this one limited duration, non-cell-line comparable that we have.

And again, I'll turn it over to Wetteny, if he wants to get into any more precise details there.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, John. Dave, just a reminder, I mean, as we said in the prepared commentary, we're very
pleased with the strengthening of our financial position that we did ahead of the market volatility. And
frankly, from where we are right now on a year-to-date basis, having delivered company-wide, 8% organic
growth year-to-date. And again, this is from our base businesses, excluding Gene Therapy from an organic
perspective, 8% year-to-date. We certainly are well positioned to deliver a solid year despite the impact
of the pandemic, as we've already described, are factored into what we can see is the puts and takes in
terms of demand for the remainder of the year.

Now to answer your question more directly in terms of adding to what John already said, our Biologics
segment, as we've said, and I'll remind you, has a number of development-stage programs. While
we're very pleased with the commercial approvals that we've seen, they're also relatively young in that
they're continuing to grow. So we are continuing to add capacity in terms of people to access existing
installed capacity and then adding new capacity as well. So we expect more I would say, variation from
quarter-to-quarter in the business. But when you look at the performance of Biologics on a year-to-date
basis, again, on an organic standpoint, so excluding the acquisitions, you'll see that the business has
delivered, including Q3, 13% top line growth, excluding the onetime this customer that we talked about
this predetermined in fixed-term contracts, we exclude that 13% top line, 11% EBITDA growth across
the -- on an organic front, including Q3. So I think looking at the performance on a single quarter, given
what I've already said, we believe it isn't the right way to look at the business, you like to look it over a
period of time, and we're continuing to add capacity, which will have impacts on the EBITDA performance
in addition to what John already highlighted.

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

If I could just pivot to a different topic. On Softgel, you call out strength in prescription in North America,
prescription, obviously, driving positive mix, I would think. Could you talk about the ebb and flow that
sometimes the call out is more consumer oriented, sometimes it's Europe versus North America, do you
think kind of North American prescription can be a persistent driver, positive driver and call out for a few
quarters, given that you're talking about new product launches being a contributor there?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So Dave, we've -- as we try to highlight, no 2 quarters are exactly alike in Catalent. I think that's
something that's -- our investors are well recognized in terms of quarter-to-quarter. So when you look
at the full year, you've seen the performance across a number of years. So to look at prescription, for
example, on a quarter-to-quarter basis, depending on what happened in the previous year and the current
year, the timing of when product launches happen or when some of the more mature products start to
naturally decline, that's going to have an impact on which part of the business is actually driving the
growth. Now when you look at the SOT segment and what is delivered so far on a year-to-date basis, in
the third quarter, you saw organic growth in that business of 4%.

We've said this is a segment that should deliver between 3% and 5% after adding the facilities to it
previously, it was at 2% to 4%. So this is right in the middle of that, and the first half of the year was well
above what we expect the business to grow in the long term.

So from a quarter-to-quarter, if we've launched recent products on prescription end, which we saw that
as we exited the prior fiscal year and as we entered this one, that's going to have several quarters of
tailwind as those products continue to grow. And of course, consumer will have a similar-type facet as
there are new launches or different factors in terms of the demand for those particular products. So I think
we're very pleased. And certainly, the mix is favorable when prescription drugs are behind the growth or
supporting that growth, I should say, which we're seeing right now. But that really, quite frankly, begun in
the fourth quarter of last year, and we've seen that continue through the third quarter.

Operator
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Our next question comes from the line of Jacob Johnson with Stephens.

Jacob K. Johnson
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Vaccine margins broadly, how do margins on vaccine work compared with the Biologics in your portfolio?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

So I would say as your product in general, have margins that are sort of above our company average. I'm
not going to go into specific margin levels for vaccines as a subsegment of a certain product type in the
business. But all I would say is we would expect margins that are slightly above a company average in
these endeavors.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Dan Brennan with UBS.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Congrats on the quarter. I was hoping to take a big-picture view, if you don't mind, just on COVID-19, I
know you spent some time already discussing some of the segments and the impact thus far. But could
you just kind of give us a vantage point as we think about your fourth quarter? And then I know you're not
going to discuss '21 right now, but as you think about possibly as we go through likely a difficult quarter
now, but then come out of it. Could you characterize some of the headwinds and tailwinds for COVID-19
on your different segments? So kind of how much -- is there a drag kind of being incorporated in? And
kind of what could be the possibility kind of coming out of it? And then kind of related to that, does the
4% to 7% organic guidance for the full year, is that still intact or did that change?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Sure. So Dan, I'll just speak at a high level. So first of all, Catalent was extremely proactive in our COVID
response really having our teams up and running full starting in February. And so I would say the company
has already been operating over the last 2.5 to 3 months in, I would say, this new way with about 25%
of our employees working from home. And about 75% of our employees going in, all of our sites are
operational. Our number one priority is keeping our employees safe and that's why we've been able to
have the confidence and the resilience of our employees to be able to come in to work and continue to do
the important work for Catalent.

I would say that in our prepared remarks, we discussed the fact that if we look at some of the headwinds
that we face, it's really around the area of slightly decreased productivity that comes from modestly higher
absenteeism levels, some increased costs that we're incurring due to COVID, including many things that
we're doing from a company benefit standpoint to help out our employees in this unprecedented time.
We're also, as I mentioned in my remarks, we'll be seeing -- likely seeing higher inventory levels as we
go out and increase our overall safety stocks. With regards to just talking about the overall business
segments, certainly, we discussed the fact that CSS business had a very strong Q3. We expect that not to
be repeating in Q4. And actually, that's where we would expect to see some.

So overall headwinds until we get some clarity around when there will be a snapback, if you will, on
clinical trials. Again, modest -- we already have that taken into account for our fourth quarter, and we'll
have a much stronger view of that again as we go into fiscal year '21 and set our guidance there.

I would expect our Biologics and drug product to be in balance, if you will, with whatever potential
headwinds that we may have for earlier clinical development, offset by a lot of the COVID-related work
that we have. And then with regards to our Softgel, I would say, OSD business segments, again, this is
where -- in Softgel, we have our largest number of commercialized products. So it just tends to continue
to roll and obviously seeing increased demand, I would say, from our consumer health products in that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

business segment. And then in OSD, where we have a little bit of -- watch out is just on the earlier
development projects, but I think that will be offset by other opportunities in that business segment.

So again, I think Catalent's highly diversified nature across products, in geographies, in product type really
positions us extremely well in this current crisis. And again, I'm happy that we're also in a position to be
able to potentially be a significant contributor in a lot of the vaccines and therapies.

And then I'll ask Wetteny if he wants to, again, at a higher level, add any additional details to what I've
provided.

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. So part of your question was related to our guidance and what would organic growth be for the year.
With the slowest situation related to the pandemic, we've decided to do 2 things with the guidance. One,
maintain a fairly wide range, even with one quarter remaining, we would typically have narrowed our
range with only one quarter where we decided to keep it the same. So that's one thing. And the other
thing we did was we didn't split organic versus inorganic here with, again, the last quarter.

But I will remind you that with the Paragon gene therapy acquisition, be an anniversary, we only have
really one month of inorganic in that. So inorganic becomes a -- relative to the first 3 quarters of the year,
inorganic becomes a smaller element. Again, in relative terms, we still have the BMS acquisition and the
MaSTherCell acquisition, obviously, but those 2 are much smaller than Paragon. So the contributions from
inorganic in the first 3 quarters would be far greater than contribution in the last -- in the fourth quarter.

So that's one reminder. The second one I would give you is we've delivered 8% organic growth so far
through the first 3 quarters, as I mentioned, which positions us well to deliver on the year, again, with the
backdrop of everything we described in terms of the fluid situation to COVID-19. So having delivered 8%
year-to-date, and we gave guidance of 4% to 7% for the year. Clearly, we're well positioned, even though
we're not splitting that for you with this remaining guidance.

One final point I would make is, really, without giving specifics on segment-by-segment, I would give
you directional indicators. We've already discussed what's going on in CSS. But as we look at delivering
the rest of this year and the guidance we've just provided, I would expect our Biologics and our OSD
segments to sort of, in relative terms, leading the way here for the quarter with sort of SOT behind
that. And then lastly, CSS with some some headwinds we already described there in order to deliver the
guidance, and these are all factored in terms of what we've provided already.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Rivka Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. So clearly, you're seeing strong demand. I wanted to drill a little bit deeper into the supply
commentary that you provided in the prepared remarks. So if you can give us some color on where you
might see shortage disruptions, API price environment change. And when you talk about kind of like
the buildup in inventory, maybe you can give us some more color on how much inventory or how many
a month of inventories do you have at hand? And is that enough to manage through a second-surge
scenario? And then the final part of the question is, if we think longer term, beyond the current epidemic,
there have been some discussion on whether we're going to see a shift of API back into the U.S. So any
thoughts that you have on potential kind of structural changes as a result of the environment we're in.

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

I'll actually answer the first, Ricky, I'll answer the last question first and just say that I do think that there
will be some longer-term structural shifts that are going to happen. I think that everybody is rethinking

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

what it means to be a sovereign nation and have the ability to have a safe and secure supply chain. So I
think that there will be some longer-term structural changes.

But again, those are going to take time. I do think that on a go-forward basis, there's certainly going to be
a preference for domestic assets. And when I say domestic, I mean, U.S. and Western European. So this is
certainly not something that's going to be a switch, that's going to be flipped with regards to changing the
structure. But I do think that the preference towards domestic assets and a consideration of what is high-
risk supply chain is going to change over time.

Now backing up with regards to Catalent, I think with regards to specific pressure, first of all, we've noted
that 80% -- I would say that 80% of what Catalent sources directly is non-China, non-India, and that if we
are to see any potential disruptions, those would probably be the first couple of places. And for us that is
in the area of some consumer health products, if you will, and that's where a lot of those APIs are sourced
from.

But again, we have a very strong beat in signals on that, and are proactively going out to increase our
overall safety stocks. A lot of -- also a lot of the -- I would say, the APIs that are again sourced from those
areas of the world are for generics, of which that's a very small portion of the overall Catalent business at
about 7%.

So again, I think we're just kind of well positioned overall from that standpoint. That being said, we're
trying to be incredibly proactive across the board. And we are increasing our safety stocks. Normally,
we're in a mode of somewhere between 3 and 6 months, and we are expanding those across our top
products. And that's also why I'd mentioned that you will likely see a rise in our overall inventory levels,
which we believe is the right trade-off right now to make sure that we continue to have the overall
continuity of supply. So there may be some additional bumps in the road. But what we've experienced so
far and what we have current visibility to believe, we believe that any impact will be modest and likely
offset by a lot of the increasing demand that we're seeing from a lot of these COVID-related projects. And
hopefully, that answered most of your questions, Ricky, and if it didn't rewind and let me know what else
you'd like me to answer.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Juan Avendano with Bank of America.

Juan Esteban Avendano
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Given the margin dilutive impact of recent acquisitions and the investments required to ramp up your
cell and Gene Therapy business, do you still think that you can achieve your fiscal year 2024 target
of adjusted EBITDA margin of 28% plus, which now implies about 300 to 400 basis points of margin
expansion from fiscal year 2020?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

So Juan, this is Wetteny here. Clearly, as we delivered last year roughly 140 basis points of margin
expansion last year, again, largely driven by our shift towards more biologics. We continue to see line of
sight to continue to expand our margins, particularly in our Gene Therapy and Biologics businesses.

As John mentioned in his prepared commentary, we knew once we made those acquisitions, namely
in Anagni and MaSTherCell that they would be margin dilutive initially. These are absolutely the right
strategic assets for Catalent that bring on additional capabilities.

But these are also assets that have either existing [ capacity ] Anagni that is very well suited, particularly
in the reaction for addressing the current pandemic, potential solutions for pandemic. This is a great asset
for them that would potentially accelerate the ramp-up of the utilization of that facility, which would have
significant impact on margins there. And then with MaSTherCell, we continue to invest in that business as
we prepare to open up and have already seen activity, customer activity in our Houston facility for that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

business. So these are all, I would say, according to plan. And as we add capacity, we will see that has
an ebbs-and-flow impact on margin rates in parts of the business. And as we get significantly higher on
the utilization and the capacity, you'll see margins that are well above what we stated as the long term
positive. So we expect that to continue and absolutely be in line with our expectations to get to the -- to
our margin targets by 2024. Absolutely.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of George Hill with Deutsche Bank.

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

A lot's been covered. I guess, Wetteny, I don't know if you would be willing to provide any more
commentary on kind of what you've seen quarter-to-date as it relates to the CSS segment, particularly
in supplies? And I wanted to make sure I understood something correctly, is that if we see a slowdown
in drug R&D spending, does it only hit CSS? Or does it also hit the drug substance part of the Biologics
business as well? And given the outperformance of biologics in the quarter, I guess, can you talk about the
outperformance of like the drug product stuff or the non R&D-related substance stuff versus what we're
seeing kind of quarter-to-date?

Wetteny N. Joseph
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. So with respect to our CSS business, as I've said, we're really pleased with the performance of the
overall company on a year-to-date basis, having delivered 8% organic growth -- 7% in the third quarter,
including CSS, which has been a big part of that. We saw substantial growth in our CSS business in Q3.
Part of that was, we believe, essentially burning backlog faster in the third quarter in advance of potential
disruption in the ability to deliver products to claim.

So we saw a higher storage and -- distribution activities in that segment. We've seen good packaging,
I would say, activity in the business through Q3, and we'll continue to see that in Q4, I would say, good
packaging activity. But the slowdown we're seeing is in the distribution side, again, haven't seen that
accelerate in Q3. So hopefully, that gives you the color you're looking for with respect to CSS.

But in terms of our new business wins, we see those continue at a relatively healthy state even as we
are at this point in the quarter, which bodes well in terms of what we're seeing, what we're hearing from
customers as well in terms of the temporary slowdown in certain activities that would then pick up at a
later day. And one thing I would add is, with respect to our clinical trials run, unless the trial is completely,
I would say, canceled if it takes longer, it actually results in more revenue for us because we would end up
storing those materials for longer periods of time. Those that are biologics that require whole temperature,
et cetera, would be nicely additive to what we'd expect on an individual program that we are working with
the customer on.

So long term, slowing a clinical trial, but still running it tends to result in more revenue for us for that
program. And it's only if it's, again, completely canceled, that will be an issue.

The second part of your question, with respect to R&D spend slowdown and what that would imply, as
I mentioned, on a year-to-date basis, we've seen the Biologics business really delivering 13% top line
growth. And that's across our development programs as well as those that are commercial. Keep in mind,
2/3 of the business are in development with most of those being in mid- to late phases. You've seen our
drug product business over the last couple of years going from an acquisition of Bloomington that was
doing 12 commercial programs now sitting at, I believe, 22.

And so that, I would say, is an indicator of the, I would say, maturity of the development pipeline, where
we have late-phase programs, which we believe, even in cases where there may be a slowdown in
spending mid- to late-phase programs that show significant promise would continue to be funded and
continue to drive revenue for us in our business and potential commercial launches as well.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

So we think that if there is a slowdown, that may impact the very early phase preclinical to Phase I types
programs, we still have a significant portion of our programs that are more mid- to late phase versus early
phase across the company, and we think that would continue to to bode well for us from a development
perspective and overall revenue perspective. [indiscernible]

Operator

And our last question comes from the line of Evan Stover with William W. Baird.

Evan Arthur Stover
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I've got just one so we can get off the call here. On J&J, you already addressed that you've structured the
deal for a return on investment, even if this vaccine is not approved. But can you just talk to the level of
potential drag in the second half of calendar '20 as you ramp?

And I'm just wondering if the tremendous national urgency here and things like the recently announced
operation warped speed, they're maybe going to change how this project would roll through your P&L
versus a normal vaccine fill/finish?

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So what I would say, Evan, is, first of all, we are highly diversified, right, with 7,000 products plus a
number of development programs, as I just described, that are mid-, late-phase programs that continue
to drive volume across our businesses. So I want to just put that out there first in terms of any single
program, not really significantly moving the needle for us overall.

And we've factored into our guidance that we've just given, and we'll continue to factor into, I would say,
guidance next fiscal year when we get to that point.

With respect to the balance of this fiscal year, there's very -- there's not very much that's going to be
impacted by these programs, even with the accelerated development. As we said, we anticipate adding
significant headcount starting in July, which is effectively after our fiscal year.

And I would say between now and through that time, we'll be working with J&J and others around tech-
transfer activities and other things that will also drive revenue into our facilities as we put our scientists
and others to work and quality professionals to work to help develop the program to the point that it
would potentially be commercially launched. So between that time, I would say, generally speaking, this
is not specific to this one program. Generally speaking, we are working with customers on development
programs, up to and including batches that are used for clinical trials. Tech transfers if it's something
that's been developed elsewhere, that all will drive revenue for our businesses. So even with those
investments without giving specificity with investments in head count, we would have some offsetting
revenues to go along with those. And as I said, we don't expect any or any significant impact on the
balance of this year, and to the extent we expect anything, we factored that already in our guidance that
we just gave.

Operator

And this does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to John
Chiminski for closing remarks.

John R. Chiminski
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for your questions and for taking the time to join our call.

I'd like to close by reminding you of a few important points. First, a key strength of Catalent that is even
more evident today is the wide diversity of our business across products, geographies and customers. Due
to our comprehensive capabilities, diverse revenue base, well-funded customers, the increasing need for
complex solutions in our strengthened balance sheet, Catalent is not only very well positioned to weather
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

this crisis, but also play an important role in the development of treatments and vaccines that will allow us
to win the battle against COVID-19.

Second, we're committed to delivering results consistent with our updated financial guidance for this year,
and we're focused on continuing to drive organic revenue and EBITDA growth across all of our segments
over the long term.

Third, it's a top priority to grow our world-class Biologics business and effectively integrate the premier
assets we've acquired and deploy CapEx to further build our capacity and capability to help improve the
lives of patients and meet our customers' demand.

We expect strong revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth from our biologics offerings over time and
target the Biologics segment to make up approximately 50% of our total revenues in fiscal 2024 versus
approximately 1/3 to date.

Finally, operations, quality and regulatory excellence are at the heart of how we run our business and
remain a constant focus and priority.

Our employees' commitment to these areas have enabled us to keep sites open and production running,
even during the worst pandemic of our lifetimes. We support every customer project with deep scientific
expertise and a commitment to putting the patient first in all we do. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

CATALENT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

