Caterpillar Inc. NYSE:CAT
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 29, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.94

2.87

Revenue  (mm)

11087.26

11887.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-28-2021 1:38 PM GMT

47.94

7.21

2.06

8.42

10.99

11687.17

46710.01

51577.71

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.72

1.18

1.49

1.94

1.03

1.34

2.12

2.87

43.06 %

13.56 %

42.28 %

47.94 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Adam William Uhlman
Cleveland Research Company

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Brett Logan Linzey
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Joel Gifford Tiss
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Mircea Dobre
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Ross Paul Gilardi
BofA Securities, Research Division

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the First Quarter 2021 Caterpillar
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being
recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jennifer Driscoll. Thank you. Please
go ahead.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Jason. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Caterpillar's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call.

Joining me this morning are Jim Umpleby, Chairman of the Board and CEO; Andrew Bonfield, Chief
Financial Officer; Kyle Epley, Vice President of the Global Finance Services division; and Rob Rengel, Senior
IR Manager.

During our call today, we'll be discussing the earnings news release we issued earlier this morning. You
can find our slides, the news release and a video recap at investors.caterpillar.com by clicking on Events &
Presentations.

Also please note that we've published a new Caterpillar 2020 data book for investors, which you can also
find today on the homepage of the IR website.

The forward-looking statements we make today are subject to risks and uncertainties. We'll also make
assumptions that could cause our actual results to be different than the information we're sharing with
you on this call. Please refer to our recent SEC filings and the forward-looking statements reminder in the
news release for details on factors that, individually or in aggregate, could cause our actual results to vary
materially from our forecast.

Caterpillar has copyrighted this call, and we prohibit use of any portion of it without the prior written
approval of the company.

Today, we reported profit per share of $2.77 for the first quarter compared with $1.98 in the first quarter
of 2020. We're showing adjusted profit per share in addition to our U.S. GAAP results.

Our adjusted profit per share was $2.87 for the first quarter. That compares with first quarter 2020
adjusted profit per share of $1.65. Adjusted profit per share for both quarters excluded restructuring
costs.

The first quarter of 2020 also excluded a remeasurement gain of $0.38 per share, resulting from the
settlement of a non-U.S. pension obligation.

We provide a non-GAAP reconciliation in the appendix of this morning's news release. You can also find
information on dealer inventory and backlog in our earnings call slides.

Speaking of slides. Before I turn it to Jim, there have been a few questions this morning on Slide 16, key
thoughts on the second quarter, the final bullet. We expect the operating profit margin percentage in the
second quarter of 2021 to be moderately below the margin in the first quarter of 2021.

Now with that, let's flip to Slide 3 and turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Jim Umpleby.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Good morning. Thanks, Jennifer. I'd like to begin by thanking our global team for continuing to safely
provide the essential products and services that enable our customers to support society during the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

pandemic. Our engaged team continues to execute our strategy, which is demonstrated by our first
quarter results. I'll begin with my perspective on the first quarter and our supply chain before discussing
our end markets.

Starting with the top line on Slide 4. We're pleased with the strong sales and profit performance in the
first quarter. Sales increased 12% on better-than-expected growth in end-user demand and the favorable
impact of changes in dealer inventory. The decision to hold extra Caterpillar inventory to prepare for a
potential increase in market demand served us well.

Total sales to users rose about 8%. Sales to users have trended better for the last 3 quarters from a year-
over-year comparative perspective. Machine sales to users increased 13% in the quarter as Construction
Industries and Resource Industries were stronger than we expected. Within Construction Industries, Asia/
Pacific was particularly strong, led by robust growth in China.

Resource Industries sales to users were flat as market conditions continued to improve in mining.

While sales to users for Energy & Transportation declined by 5% for the quarter, these results were
roughly in line with our expectations and reflected industry trends.

Dealer inventory increased about $700 million, which was about the seasonal build we expected. That
compares with an increase of about $100 million in last year's first quarter.

Operating profit in the quarter increased 29% to $1.8 billion, driven primarily by higher volume, effective
cost control and financial products. We delivered an operating margin of 15.3%.

Adjusted operating margin came in at 15.8%, an improvement of 230 basis points versus a year ago and
300 basis points higher than our fourth quarter of last year, which had a lower level of sales.

Operating margins expanded in all 3 primary segments with the largest increase coming from Construction
Industries. Andrew will provide more color concerning our margin performance in a few minutes.

ME&T free cash flow was very strong at approximately $1.7 billion for the quarter.

Our quarterly dividend was unchanged, and share repurchases remained paused in the first quarter.

I'll now provide a few additional comments about the external environment. As Andrew will discuss, we're
not providing annual earnings guidance at this time. We're pleased with our strong start to the year and
there are positive signs in a number of our end markets. However, we're monitoring a variety of external
factors that could moderate the positive impact of continuing improvement in market conditions. These
include the pandemic's recent acceleration in several overseas markets, the potential for supply chain
disruptions and cost pressures. Areas of particular focus include semiconductors, transportation and raw
materials. While none of these has significantly impacted our operations, there remains the potential for
impact later this year. The situation remains very fluid.

Our team has been developing contingency plans, including workarounds in our factories that may lead
to increased costs. We're working very hard to avoid or minimize having supply chain issues lead to
production shortfalls that might impact our ability to fully meet improving customer demand.

And now moving to Slide 5, I'll share some thoughts on our end markets based on what we see today.
Starting with Construction Industries, North America will continue to benefit from strong residential
demand. We see nonresidential construction recovering at a gradual pace with infrastructure recovering
faster than nonresidential building. We expect growth in Asia/Pacific to remain robust through the first
half, driven by China.

Government spending on infrastructure in China has fueled strong excavator demand, including strong
demand for our new GX excavator line. We see improving demand in EAME and continued recovery
in Latin America as well, although we are monitoring the recent acceleration of COVID in some Latin
American countries.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Turning to Resource Industries. We anticipate continued improvement in demand, particularly in mining.
Favorable commodity prices support higher CapEx from mining customers. We continue to feel optimistic
about mining. We have a strong value proposition, particularly in autonomy-enabled products. We also
expect growth in heavy construction and quarry and aggregates off a low base.

In Energy & Transportation, we expect strengthening across a number of applications. Oil and gas should
continue to slowly improve from low levels as customers remain disciplined with their CapEx spend. The
power generation market should benefit from continued strength in data centers. Industrial is expected
to see growth, with activity strengthening across most applications. In transportation, rail and marine
are expected to see slight improvements from the first quarter, although from a low base. We expect the
company's top line to reflect normal seasonality in the second quarter.

Turning to Slide 6. We expect to meet our Investor Day targets for adjusted operating margins in 2021. As
we stated before, our target is 300 to 600 basis points of improvement in our adjusted operating margins
versus the 2010 to 2016 period. We've delivered at this level for 4 straight years now, including during the
pandemic, which is a testament to our talented team and focused execution of our strategy.

Machine, Energy & Transportation's free cash flow was strong in the first quarter. These results
strengthened our confidence that we'll meet our Investor Day target for ME&T free cash flow in 2021. The
target is $4 billion to $8 billion or $1 billion to $2 billion higher than we generated in the 2010 to 2016
period.

We paid annual higher dividends to shareholders for 27 consecutive years, and we're proud of our status
as a dividend aristocrat. We're working with our Board of Directors on decisions concerning the potential
dividend increase later this year.

We're also discussing with our Board the appropriate time to recommence share repurchases. It remains
our intention to return substantially all of our ME&T free cash flow to shareholders through the cycles.

Turning to Slide 7. We remain committed to our strategy, which we launched in 2017. This strategy is
focused on services, expanded offerings and operational excellence to drive long-term profitable growth.
We continue to invest in expanded offerings, new technologies and services as we did throughout 2020.

In February, we closed on our acquisition of the Oil & Gas division of the Weir Group PLC and launched
SPM Oil & Gas. This strategic transaction enhances our ability to serve existing customers by enabling
us to offer a more complete integrated solution from engine to wellhead. In fact, to lower their carbon
footprint, some customers have placed orders for SPM 5000-horsepower pumps, paired with Cat G3520
natural gas power generator sets for use in electrified pumping applications.

We also continued to invest in our digital capabilities to allow us to leverage our more than 1 million
connected assets. We're developing proprietary algorithms called Prioritized Service Events, or PSEs, that
provide qualified services leads to our global dealer network. Our leads range from repair options that are
asset serial number-specific to complete fleet level solutions. We continue to make it easy for customers to
have more predictable maintenance costs through customer value agreements or CVAs.

During the past quarter, we've released our first diversity and inclusion report. The report describes our
journey to build a more globally diverse workforce and inclusive environment to support our employees in
the communities where we live and work. We value diverse perspectives and strive to ensure our global
team reflects the many communities and customers we serve around the world.

We're currently preparing our 2020 sustainability report, which will highlight progress against our 2020
goals and introduce new sustainability goals. We're committed to contributing to a reduced carbon future
by continuing to reduce Caterpillar's greenhouse gas emissions and helping customers achieve their
climate-related objectives.

In summary, I'm pleased with our strong start to the year and proud of the performance by our global
team.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I will start out with an overview of our first quarter results
then I will discuss segment performance and the balance sheet before concluding with some comments on
the second quarter and remainder of 2021.

As we reported this morning and shown on Slide 8, sales of revenues for the first quarter increased by
12% to $11.9 billion on higher volumes. Operating profit of $1.8 billion rose by 29%, reflecting margin
expansion primarily due to higher volumes. First quarter profit per share was $2.77 compared to $1.98 in
2020. Adjusted profit per share was $2.87.

It was a strong quarter. End-user demand was better than our expectations, primarily in Construction
Industries, which also led to higher operating margins than we anticipated.

Our adjusted operating profit margin increased by 230 basis points to 15.8%. The higher operating profit
reflected higher volume, solid execution, good cost management and strength in the financial products
portfolio. These benefits more than offset the impact of reinstating the short-term incentive compensation
program.

Looking more closely at the top line on Slide 9, the 12% increase in reported sales and revenues reflected
strong growth in Asia/Pacific, Latin America and EAME. North America was about flat. In aggregate, sales
to users increased by 8%.

Dealer inventory rose as is seasonally typical led by Construction Industries. It increased by about $700
million versus an increase of about $100 million last year.

Sales for users for Construction Industries increased by 17% versus the prior year as end-user demand,
principally in North America, was better than our expectations. All geographic regions improved. Asia/
Pacific rose 36%, Latin America rose 38% and EAME rose 11%. North America increased 5%, marking its
third straight quarter of sequential improvement in quarter-over-quarter end-user demand.

Resource Industries, which tends to be lumpy, was flat, whereas we had expected modest decline.

Energy & Transportation sales to users decreased by 5%, which is broadly in line with our expectations.

Amid stronger demand, availability remained within our normal ranges for the vast majority of our
products. However, we've had some isolated instances impacting a handful of products, such as 2 compact
product families in their building construction products portfolio. In these cases, we haven't been able to
ramp up production as quickly as we'd like mostly due to isolated issues with a small number of specific
suppliers and/or labor availability. We are working hard to resolve these issues.

Now moving to Slide 10. Operating profit increased to $1.8 billion. The 29% improvement reflected better
volume in our 3 primary segments and higher profits from Financial Products. That was partly offset by the
impact of restoring short-term incentive compensation and some unfavorable price. Excluding the impact
of short-term incentive compensation, manufacturing costs were favorable. We did see some benefit from
lower material and warranty costs. We also had benefits from higher absorption of our manufacturing
costs due to the level of Caterpillar inventory we built ahead of our second quarter selling season.

Obviously, certain spending, such as travel and consulting, is still being impacted by the lingering effects
of COVID-19, which further improves our overall margins.

In total, we delivered an adjusted operating margin of 15.8%.

The effective tax rate is 26%, which is at the lower end of the range we anticipated in January. That
excludes discrete tax benefits of $43 million or $0.08 per share in the first quarter.

Now let me discuss the individual segment's results for the first quarter beginning on Slide 11. For
Construction Industries, sales increased by 27% to $5.5 billion compared to the prior year.

Volume improved due to higher end-user demand and the impact from increases in dealer inventories.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

End-user demand increased across all regions and was especially pronounced in Asia/Pacific. This was led
by China, which was negatively impacted by the pandemic in the first quarter of 2020 while supported in
the first quarter of this year by government infrastructure spend.

In North America, high end-user demand was primarily fueled by residential construction.

In total, dealers increased inventories by more this quarter compared to the prior year, principally in the
Asia/Pacific region, which benefited from a later Chinese New Year.

The segment's first quarter profit increased by 62% to $1.035 billion due to the leverage on higher sales
volume. Unfavorable price realization reflected geographic mix as the mix of sales shifted towards the
Asia/Pacific region. This and the impact of reinstating our short-term incentive plan partly offset the
volume benefits. The segment operating margin increased by 410 basis points to 19%.

As shown on Slide 12, Resource Industries sales increased by 6% versus the prior year to $2.2 billion. The
most significant drivers were changes in dealer inventories and higher end-user demand for equipment
and aftermarket parts.

End-user demand increases were driven by mining. Commodity prices, coupled with increased mine
site activity, were both supportive. Demand in heavy construction and quarrying aggregates remained
subdued. Sales increased in Latin America and EAME, were about flat in Asia/Pacific and decreased in
North America.

The segment's first quarter profit increased by 8% to $328 million. The improvement was mainly due to
lower manufacturing costs and higher sales volumes. Manufacturing costs reflected benefits from cost
absorption, lower warranty cost expense and improvements in efficiency.

Price realization was a partial offset in the quarter due to several large strategic deals. These deals support
a higher fuel population and services growth in the future, making them attractive over the long term.
These benefits were partly offset by the impact of reinstating our short-term incentive plan. The segment's
operating margin rose by 20 basis points to 14.8%.

Now turning to Slide 13. First quarter sales of Energy & Transportation increased by 4% to $4.5 billion.
That included a 6% sales increase in oil and gas, largely due to higher sales of reciprocating engine
aftermarket parts in North America. Power generation sales improved by 13% due to increased sales for
turbines and turbine-related services as well as large reciprocating engine applications as data center
activity remained strong. Industrial sales were about flat. Transportation declined by 12%, mostly due to
lower deliveries of locomotives and related services in North America as well as lower activity in marine.

E&T's first quarter profit increased by 11% to $666 million. The improvement was led by higher sales
volume, including intersegment sales and favorable variable manufacturing costs. That was partially offset
by the impact of short-term incentive compensation expense. The segment's operating margin increased
by 100 basis points to 14.8%.

As Jim mentioned, we closed on our acquisition of SPM Oil & Gas in early February and the integration is
going well. The impact was not material to either sales or earnings for the quarter.

Moving to Slide 14. Financial Products revenue decreased by $53 million or 7% to $761 million. The
decline was due to lower average financing rates and lower average earning assets in North America.

However, segment profit improved on both a year-over-year and a sequential basis. Segment profit of
$244 million increased 132% year-over-year led by the mark-to-market impact on equity securities in our
insurance services portfolio, in addition to a lower provision for credit losses at Cat Financial. The provision
was favorable due to, in part, the absence of forecasted COVID-19-related impacts, which reduced our
allowance for credit losses. Beyond these impacts, Financial Products profit was relatively flat in the
quarter.

Past dues at the end of the first quarter were 2.9%, down 123 basis points year-over-year and down
59 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Credit applications remained strong as well,
up 25% compared with the first quarter of 2020. While credit applications in the first quarter decreased

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

compared to the fourth quarter, the sequential reduction was much smaller than normal seasonality would
suggest, which bodes well for the future. Loan modifications were generally in line with historical trends
aside from a few countries where government -- the government is still mandating modifications due to
COVID-19. We're pleased to see that, overall, our customers remained in good financial health.

Now on Slide 15. As Jim mentioned, we expect to achieve our Investor Day target for Machinery, Energy &
Transportation free cash flow of $4 billion to $8 billion this year. Free cash flow from ME&T was about $1.7
billion in the quarter versus about 0 in the first quarter last year. The increase reflects higher profit, the
absence of a short-term incentive compensation payout and favorable working capital, the latter being due
to higher payables.

In the first quarter, Caterpillar inventory rose about $700 million versus the fourth quarter as we increased
production to meet improving end-user demand. We are happy with our decision to hold higher levels of
inventory as we exited 2020 as this has enabled us to ramp up production in the first quarter to meet our
demand signals.

As Jim said, there is potential for supply chain disruptions and cost pressures on the horizon and we're
working hard to meet those challenges.

We maintained a strong liquidity position and ended the first quarter with $11.3 billion in enterprise cash.

Our balance sheet remained strong. We now have mid-A credit ratings across all of the major rating
agencies as Moody's upgraded its rating on Caterpillar last week.

Our intention continues to return substantially all ME&T free cash flow to shareholders through the cycles
via dividends and share repurchases. In the last 3 years, we have returned 106% of our ME&T free cash
flow to shareholders.

We recently declared our normal quarterly on dividend of $1.03 per share or $560 million per quarter. We
expect the Board will review a potential dividend increase later this year.

We also expect to recommence share repurchases later this year.

We are not providing guidance for 2021, and I'll explain the reason why. At the current time, we are
positive about the improving market conditions. On the other hand, there are some known risks, which are
hard to quantify and the impact of such to the range of possible outcomes for 2021, while still positive, is
actually quite wide at the stage of the year.

Turning to Slide 16. Overall, we expect second quarter sales to follow normal seasonality. We also expect
overall growth in sales to users versus the prior year's quarterly comparative to be a significantly higher
percentage than we saw in the first quarter. That is mainly due to easier comparisons.

A reminder that the second and third quarters saw the biggest impacts from the pandemic on total sales
to users in 2020.

We also don't expect to see a significant change in dealer inventories compared to the end of the first
quarter of this year.

In Construction Industries, we expect sales to users to show continued positive growth as strength in
residential construction in North America continues. Nonresidential construction is expected to recover
at a gradual pace throughout the year. We expect China construction to remain strong, although the
comparators with China become more challenging in the second half of 2021 versus the prior year as
China recovered more quickly from the effects of the pandemic.

We expect strong end-user demand in Resource Industries compared to the prior year's quarter as
demand in both mining and heavy construction and quarry and aggregates are expected to increase
due to supported commodity prices and the restart of investments that were delayed last year. We
expect to see continued improvement in end-user demand over the rest of the year as orders are strong
amidst increasing minor CapEx spend. We also expect the recovery of heavy construction and quarry and
aggregates from their low levels in 2020.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

We expect Energy & Transportation sales to increase versus the second quarter of 2020. We expect oil and
gas sales to have a slight growth, but customers will remain disciplined with CapEx. Solar had a strong
second quarter in 2020 due to the timing of deliveries, which will make the comparisons tougher. Power
generation and industrial are expected to grow versus the prior year. We expect slight improvement in
transportation sales. Marine should improve, but remain at low levels. And rail is expected to be relatively
flat.

Looking ahead to the rest of the year, we expect a modest recovery through the year as sales in E&T
increase across all applications. Recovery in oil and gas should be slower as excess capacity and inventory
overhang could limit upside.

In power generation, data centers should lead in an overall improving industry. Our expectations for solar
have not changed, so we expect a relatively flat year. Industrial should grow moderately. Transportation
should improve on strengthened rail services and international business, while expect marine to remain at
lower levels.

Dealer inventory remains near the low end of the normal range. Changes in dealer inventories going
forward will depend on a number of factors, including their views of future demand as well as supply chain
limitations. At this stage, we do not expect a significant benefit from restocking in 2021.

As I discussed earlier, first quarter adjusted operating margins were particularly strong, improving by 230
basis points despite the impact of reinstating short-term incentive compensation. There are a number of
reasons why we expect the margin improvement to moderate as we go through the second quarter and
the rest of the year.

We saw positive material costs in the first quarter as the benefits of holding more inventory in 2020 flowed
through the P&L. With the supply chain pressures and rising commodity costs, we expect material costs to
become a headwind starting with the second quarter.

Freight costs were negative in the quarter. The constraints on freight are well known and will continue
to impact us as we go through the year. Specific to the second quarter, we do expect absorption to be a
headwind as we built Caterpillar inventory in the first quarter ahead of the selling season.

On the other side of the equation, we expect price to become favorable as we go through the year as
geographic mix improves and the impact of price increases increasingly flow through, particularly in the
second half.

SG&A and R&D expenses increased in the first quarter due to short-term incentive compensation
expense. As we progress through the year, we expect spend in these areas to accelerate. COVID-
related restrictions, on things like travel are impacting spend, and we are also anticipating ramping up
R&D project spending to support our services growth strategy as well as new product development.
Investments in R&D can be comfortably managed within our Investor Day margin targets.

As Jim mentioned, we remain positive, but we're diligently monitoring the risks and their potential impact
going forward. It's a fluid situation in terms of potential supply challenges, raw material cost pressures
and pandemic-related concerns, areas where we have varying levels of control. Our aim is to minimize the
impact of these factors and maximize factory uptime so we can satisfy improving customer demand.

Looking at some of our technical guidance, we had approximately $350 million in restructuring expense
in 2020 and we still expect about $400 million in restructuring expense for 2021. The headwind from
incentive compensation will now be approximately $325 million per quarter versus the $225 million
estimated in January.

We now anticipate a tax rate of 26% for the full year, which is at the lower end of our prior range.

Our estimate for CapEx this year remains about $1.3 billion.

Turning to Slide 17. In summary, we expect to meet our Investor Day targets for adjusted operating
margin and ME&T free cash flow in 2021. We continue to execute our strategy by investing in services and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

expanding offerings. These help us achieve a strong top line growth and solid margin expansion in our 3
primary segments as well as higher profits from Financial Products.

It was a strong start to the year. There are some risks that we have to deal with as move forward,
particularly around the supply chain, but we are positive about the year and our team's ability to meet
improving customer demand.

With that, we're happy to take questions.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations
Thank you. Jason?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

You answered a lot of my question in your last comments there, but I will just go back through it again
for modeling purposes. Could you talk a little bit about the cadence of revenue and earnings through the
rest of the year? I appreciate that margins will be down in Q2 given the absorption you got from inventory
building in Q1.

But of the things you can control, can you talk about them in a little bit more in detail: R&D spend for the
year, SG&A as a percent of sales, maybe -- and how much of your steel is hedged versus not hedged given
the stronger-than-expected demand?

And then your comments about potentially not being able to meet end market demand this year. Are you
confident that, that demand will roll into 2022 and extend the cycle? Or is there any risk that you lose
market share or that demand disappears as end market -- as customers get frustrated?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

I think I'll -- this is Jim. I'll answer your last question first, and I'll turn it back over to Andrew for the rest.

Just on supply chain, as we mentioned, we're working very hard to avoid or minimize allowing supply
chain issues to lead to production shortfalls that would impact our ability to meet what is improving
customer demand. So at this point, we are not saying that we'll definitely have a problem. We want to flag
that. It's a risk that we're managing. But certainly, our goal is to, again, work very hard to minimize or
limit any impact there. So I don't want to speculate on -- go beyond that. That's really where we are.

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Okay, Ann. And then talking about our overall margins, as I indicated a few moments ago, I mean, we
actually saw material cost favorability in the first quarter.

That's for a couple of reasons. Obviously, the inventory we hold at the end of 2020 flowed through the
P&L now. And also, as we do buy steel forward, we have about a 3- to 6-month full contract normally on
steel purchases. So we do expect material cost to move from positive to negative as we move forward.
However, we are pricing accordingly And with geo mix as well becoming favorable, we hope to be able to
offset the two. Obviously, there is continued risk, obviously on material inflation as we look out.

Overall, though, as we always remind you, commodity increases are net positive for us at Caterpillar
because it helps our customers buy more.

On SG&A and R&D, spend was relatively low in Q1. Part of that, obviously -- although, obviously, we did
have short-term incentive comp increases, part of that, obviously, is in the environment we're still working
in. There's still ramping up going on in projects. Obviously, if you've got a new project -- we ended a lot
of projects at the end of last year. Starting them becomes a lot more difficult in an environment where
people aren't all together. We expect that to accelerate as we go through the year, that particularly will
impact R&D spend.

And then obviously, travel will impact SG&A as we get people back out on the road and people want to go
out and meet customers, that will impact us as we go forward. So those are the sort of bits.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

As far as the top line is concerned, I mean, obviously, that's going to depend on, as we talked about, the
ability to meet the demand profile out there and how actually customers feel as we go through the year.
As we indicated, demand signals are improving. And obviously, that's going to be something we'll continue
to monitor and may impact overall how the quarters trend out from a top line perspective.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

[Operator Instructions]

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey from Vertical Research.

Brett Logan Linzey
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Wanted to come back to your comment that you expect to meet your adjusted operating margin targets.
Maybe just a little more context there. Are you suggesting the midpoint is a reasonable expectation? Or
are there particular corridors within that range, upper half, lower half, as a good planning assumption for
the year?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thanks for your question. We're not going to try to go into that level of detail. So what we're saying is that
we'll be within our target range for adjusted operating margins. But again, with all the puts and takes that
we described this morning, we're not going to get into telling you exactly where we are within that range,
but we expect to be within it.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

A nice quarter. My question is with regards to Resource. I think you talked about in your prepared remarks
some strategic deals as you're trying to grow your service business. So I'm just wondering, is this sort
of a one-off thing? Is this something that will happen more often within Resource that you're trying to
grow your service business and implications for margins for your Resource business throughout the cycle
because of these initiatives.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thanks, Jamie. Within Resource Industries and we have in Energy & Transportation occasionally as well,
it's a lumpy business where you can have a large project move quarter-to-quarter, move our margins,
move our price realization. And the comments that we made were in the context of price. And we talked
about the fact that we had large -- some large strategic deals count in the quarter -- booked in the quarter
that impacted price.

So we always -- when we look at a project, we take into account the future services opportunity, we
always do that. And so again, with those lumpy businesses, you should expect things to move around
quarter-to-quarter. And what we're really focused on is that long-term profitable growth that comes from
growing services, seeding the population, growing the aftermarket, but you'll see things move around up
and down. We see that in both E&T and in Resource Industries and I think that will continue.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre from Baird.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Mircea Dobre
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I was wondering if you can maybe provide a little more context around what you're seeing in mining.
Certainly, you're sounding more positive. But I'm kind of curious if you can maybe talk a little bit about
how your orders or backlog have been progressing here? And I mean some of the commodity prices out
there are back to prior highs, 2011 highs. So I'm kind of wondering here, are you actually starting to see a
real replacement cycle on the OE side starting to develop?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Mig, thanks for your question. And as you indicated, certainly, copper, iron -- iron ore and gold, all very,
very strong. And we've been talking about this for the last few quarters that we're having very positive
conversations with our mining customers. Certainly, they're being disciplined in their capital expenditures,
but things are improving. So our orders are improving.

There's a number of projects that we're tendering that are multi-year in nature. We feel very positive
about our competitive position because of our autonomous solution across a number of products.

So again, as I've talked about earlier, we're not expecting a very fast ramp-up or a spike. We're seeing
more of a gradual improvement, and that's continuing. And so again, we're quite encouraged by what we
see.

Now you just have to think about how Caterpillar is positioned from a mining perspective as the energy
transition occurs. With the growth of EVs, with just the amount of demand that will be created by that,
Caterpillar is very well positioned to take advantage of that and to serve our customers, make them more
successful and it will be good for us and our dealers as well.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research.

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

My question is on connected asset, you touched on it briefly. I just wonder if you can detail any more
progress where the opportunities seem to be widening as you look into what you can do for your
customers versus your targets?

And then just in general, we've seen some industrial companies start to partner with tech companies,
maybe for the AI or the machine learning analytics side of it. You've maybe gone a foot down that road
and back again. Does it feel like your strategy is fully fleshed out and what you're going to do with it?
Or are you still learning and might you still partner? Is there something else you need? Just an update,
please.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thanks, Rob. Services is a never-ending journey. So it will never be done. And as I know you're aware,
we've invested heavily in our digital capabilities and we're continuing to do that. We are -- we've got over
1 million connected assets and we are now working to leverage those connected assets to find ways to add
value to our customers. And again, that also adds value to Caterpillar and our dealers.

I mentioned in my prepared remarks about Prioritized Service Events or PSEs, that is something that we're
fleshing out to continue to invest in. So if your question is, are we there yet? No, we're not there. We're
continuing to invest. This is a long journey, but we're pleased by the progress that we've been making
over the last 2 or 3 years.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Your next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America.

Ross Paul Gilardi
BofA Securities, Research Division

I just wanted to go back to a question I asked a few quarters ago, it sort of piggybacks off of Mig's
question on mining. Is there anything structural that's holding you back in your core mining equipment
business to offset some of these positives that you mentioned? I'm not talking heavy construction or
quarry, but just core mining equipment, whether it's your whole exposure. I mean is autonomy, in any
way, cannibalizing new equipment demand? It's just -- it's a bit puzzling that the business is still doing
$2 billion to $2.5 billion of revenue per quarter, which is pretty much where you've been since 2014. And
should we think of RI just sort of long term just range-bound in an $8 billion to $10 billion annual revenue
range through the cycle?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Well, as I mentioned earlier, again, we are optimistic about our mining business. We believe that mining
will benefit from many of the trends that are occurring in terms of the energy transition. We're very
pleased with our competitive position due to autonomy and other capabilities that we have as well, our
dealers, our product support. So actually, we're quite optimistic.

And so quite the opposite, really, of being negative about it. We're quite optimistic about the opportunity
for future profitable growth in mining. And we've been talking for a number of quarters that we don't
expect a rapid peak or a rapid acceleration. We've talked about a gradual improvement, and I think we
talked about the last few quarters. And that's what we're starting to see. So again, things are playing out
very much as we had expected and as we shared with all of you in our previous earnings calls.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Can we just talk a bit about the price/cost environment, in particular? And what you're seeing from a
competitive perspective, your ability to raise price to combat raw material inflation throughout the rest of
the year?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Nicole, it's Andrew. Yes, I mean, obviously, as I indicated in my remarks, we do expect that obviously
raw material inflation is going to have some impact later this year, through the remainder of the year. We
are pricing for that.

We do not see at this stage an issue with that pricing. So we are comfortable increases we're putting
through are not going to have an impact. As you always know, Caterpillar is normally the price leader,
and that helps us in the environment. We put through very modest price increases at the beginning of the
year. So that did enable us to have a little bit more scope to put further price increases through now.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS.

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Wanted to just ask you a little bit more about the mix in Construction and how that will affect margins.
It sounds like you're anticipating a little bit of a shift from residential to perhaps commercial and heavier

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

applications, and maybe there could be a bit of a rotation from Asia to North America? Is that how you're
seeing it?

And maybe about the timing of that shift and sort of what you're counting on to help mitigate the price/
cost dynamics from mix over the course of the year?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

So I don't believe we talked really about a shift from one to the other. What we talked about is that the
fact that the residential is quite strong, and we see some improvement in heavy construction starting to
happen. Asia, there's the normal selling season that occurs in China associated with Chinese New Year.

So I wouldn't talk about it really as a rotation. I would just talk about it as, in some ways, normal seasonal
patterns. But in other ways, again, an improvement in that heavy construction, which has been quite
depressed. So we're starting to see some improvement there. So I'd characterize it that way as opposed
to a rotation.

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. And I think also, Steve, as we always look out, I mean we tend to look at margins and managing
them over many quarters rather than just individual quarters. So obviously, while there may be mix
impacts from quarter-to-quarter, pricing impacts from things like geo mix and so forth, obviously, there
are other things that go the other way. So we're always looking at the overall margin structure making
sure we manage that appropriately.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research.

Adam William Uhlman
Cleveland Research Company

I was wondering if we could expand on the dealer inventory position right now? And if you could share
your thoughts about how you're thinking about that through the rest of the year because I think you
indicated that you thought they'd be stable into the second quarter, but at the same time dealer inventory
is at the low end of your range. And I think you indicated that you're at normal availability for the majority
of your products. I guess why would dealers not build up more to get to kind of the average level of your
targeted ranges?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Well, Adam, thanks for your question. And I always have to remind you, of course, dealers are
independent businesses and they control their own inventory.

What we're really focused on is meeting end-user demand. We talked about the strength in STUs and
the improving situation in a number of markets that we serve. We talked a bit about some of the supply
chain challenges. But our laser focus will be on ensuring that doing our very best to meet that end-user
demand. And all we're saying, again, dealers are independent businesses, all we're trying to predict here
at this point is that we don't anticipate, as we sit here today, a significant increase in dealer inventory in
2021.

So we're producing closer to demand. And of course, dealer inventory will, again, be dependent on a
whole wide variety of factors.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I had a mix question as well, but in Resource. Some of the channel checks seem to suggest that we're
seeing stronger order activity for machines relative to parts, which is a little bit counterintuitive in this part
of the cycle. I'm just curious if you're seeing that as well? And why you think it might be?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Well, I think maybe what we're seeing is just an improvement in OE. Again, as we've mentioned earlier in
the call, we're starting to see some improvement in the heavy construction part of RI off a relatively low
base. But we're also seeing an upturn in mining orders that is gradual, but as you see that, that certainly
could have an impact on mix.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard from Bernstein.

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Just had a question on price/cost and op margins [indiscernible] to clarify a couple of things. So first of all,
with the price costs and assuming commodities stay where they are, do you foresee the price/cost balance
at least being neutral exiting this year? Or it will probably take into like '22 for that to materialize?

And then just on operating margins, am I right in assuming that op margin is going to be the highest in
1Q and drifting down through the rest of the year?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So first of all, on the sort of price/cost, what we're expecting is for the -- overall for the full year to be
about balanced. That's based on plans today -- forecast today. Obviously, one of the things we're pointing
out is supply chain risks are out there, which do mean that includes raw material risks, which may impact
pricing as we go forward, particularly on the cost side, as we go through the balance of the year. So that's
one of the things we'll keep an eye on.

Obviously, what we talked about in where we've -- the only thing we're really saying about operating
margins at this stage is that they will be within the Investor Day target range. And that obviously, in the
first -- from Q1 to Q2, we do expect that, obviously, operating margins will moderate slightly in Q2 mostly
due to the factors I spoke about earlier, absorption rates being one of them, but also obviously, the timing
of price/costs as well as that comes through.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss from BMO.

Joel Gifford Tiss
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Nice quarter. Good free cash flow. Unbelievable. I wonder if you could just give us a little sort of your
editorial on -- between customer commentary and your unique position in this market? Like how durable
do you feel like the customer commentary, like the recovery is going to be for '22, '23? I'm not asking for
forecast, just sort of your color from all the different inputs you guys get.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Okay, Joel, you asked the most difficult question in the morning so far. So certainly, we've talked about --
maybe the way to do this is talk about various markets. We talked about mining and we've talked about

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

the fact that we expect that gradual increase to continue. We have no reason to think that it will stop. But
again, it's very difficult for us to try to judge out what's going to happen 2 or 3 years.

And we put our strategy together in 2017, one of the things we're really focused on is performing better
at all points in the cycle. We talked about having 300 to 600 basis points better on operating margin
regardless of where we were in that cycle compared to the historical past, which we defined as 2010 to
2016; and also producing $1 billion to $2 billion of incremental ME&T free cash flow at all points of the
cycle.

So that's what really -- what we're really focused on. So again, as we sit here today, we are optimistic
about what we see that things are improving in some markets that have been depressed. We've talked
about the strength in mining. But again, it's just very difficult to try to judge what will happen 2 or 3 years
out. There are so many factors that could impact it.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

My question's with the dealer inventory. You know that you ended 2020 at the lower end of the normal
range of months of sales. And if we're not going to see a restock this year of inventory while retail sales
will grow, it does suggest the months of inventory relative to sales is going to be even lower at the end of
the year. And obviously, that sets up a very positive '22 for your machine production even if retail sales
were just flat.

So I was hoping if you can just give us some sense of magnitude of where your scenario plays out on, how
far below normal would you expect dealer inventory to be at the end of the year?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, David. As we've tried to indicate, what we're not expecting this year is a significant increase in dealer
inventory. That doesn't mean there won't be any. So that actually -- because obviously, as you quite
rightly your point, if the demand signal continues to improve, obviously, dealers would normally want to
hold more inventory.

What we're focused on is making sure we can meet demand in the current year and then user demand.
And given some of the, obviously, challenges and risks that are out there, that is really our focus rather
than concentrating on what we think actually year-end inventory will be. Obviously, we'll see how that
pans out for the remainder of the year and see how dealers are thinking about 2022 as we get to the end
of the year at this stage.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

One of the points from your customers on the mining side is they're also setting their long-term CO2
reduction targets. And I'm just wondering if you can talk about the opportunities that they have with your
products to reduce their CO2 levels? And if you care to comment on when hydrogen in mining trucks is
feasible in your view within that equation?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

All right. Well, thanks, Jerry. And certainly, we're working with our customers in mining and in other areas
of our business as well to help them achieve their climate-related objectives. It's a bit early to make any

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

kind of announcements here this morning, but certainly, we're in discussions with our mining customers
and we'll work to help them meet their objectives.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

Okay. With that, we'll turn it back to Jim to make his closing remarks.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

All right. Well, again, appreciate everyone joining us this morning. Couldn't be more proud of the team
and how they performed in the first quarter. A lot of positive signals. We talked about some challenges we
had, but we're managing our way through those. We appreciate everyone's attention this morning. Thank
you.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Jim. Thanks, Andrew, and everybody who joined us on the call today. We appreciate your time
with us.

A replay of our call will be available online later this morning. We'll post a transcript on our Investor
Relations website later today. Our first quarter results video with our CFO and an SEC filing with our sales
to users data, are already posted there as our updated slides and the new Caterpillar 2020 data book that
I mentioned earlier.

To find the diversity and inclusion report that Jim referenced, click on caterpillar.com then Careers, then
Diversity & Inclusion.

If you have any questions, please reach out to Rob or me. You can reach Rob at rengel_rob@cat.com. I'm
at driscoll_jennifer@cat.com. The Investor Relations general phone number is (309) 675-4549.

We hope you enjoy the rest of your day and have a nice weekend. And now I'll turn it back to Jason to
conclude our call.

Operator
That concludes today's conference call. Thank you, everybody, for joining. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

