Caterpillar Inc. NYSE:CAT
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, January 31, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

2.38

2.63

10.50

2.54

10.90

11.06

1.47

10.35

13423.56

13144.00

(2.08 %)

12659.06

54086.34

53800.00

(0.53 %)

52074.44

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-31-2020 1:10 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.86

3.12

2.89

2.38

2.94

2.83

2.66

2.63

2.80 %

(9.29 %)

(7.96 %)

10.50 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Ann P. Duignan
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Ashish Ravi Gupta
Stephens Inc., Research Division

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Joseph O'Dea
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Ross Paul Gilardi
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Seth Robert Weber
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar 4Q 2019 Analyst Conference.
[Operator Instructions]

It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Jennifer Driscoll. Ma'am, the floor is yours.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Caterpillar's fourth quarter earnings call. Joining us
today are Jim Umpleby, Chairman of the Board and CEO; Andrew Bonfield, CFO; Kyle Epley, Vice President
of our Global Finance Services Division; and Rob Rengel, Senior IR Manager.

Our call today expands on our earnings release, which we issued earlier this morning. You'll find slides to
accompany today's presentation, along with the release, in the Investors section of caterpillar.com under
Events & Presentation. For retail stats, look at our 8-K filed a few minutes after that.

As shown on Slide 2, any forward-looking statements we made today are subject to risks and uncertainty.
We also make assumptions that could cause our actual results to be different than the information we
discussed today. Please refer to our recent SEC filings and the forward-looking statements reminder in
today's news release for details on factors that individually or collectively could cause our actual results to
vary materially from our forecast.

Let me remind you that Caterpillar has copyrighted this call. We prohibit use of any portion of it without
our prior written approval.

As previously indicated, today we're reporting adjusted profit per share in addition to our U.S. GAAP
results. Our adjusted profit per share for the fourth quarter excludes a pension and OPEB mark-to-market
adjustment for the remeasurement of pension and other post-employment benefit plans. The adjustment
was $0.65 per share in the fourth quarter or $0.64 per share for the fiscal year. Our adjusted profit per
share for the full year also excludes the $0.31 discrete tax item from the first quarter of '19.

In the 2018 fiscal year, adjusted profit per share excludes restructuring costs, in addition to both tax-
related and pension OPEB mark-to-market adjustments. Our U.S. GAAP-based guidance for 2020 profit
per share includes estimated restructuring costs for the year and continues to exclude pension and OPEB
mark-to-market impacts.

Now let's turn to Slide 3 and turn the call over to Jim for his perspective on 2019 and our outlook for
2020.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thanks, Jennifer. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Caterpillar's fourth quarter earnings call.
I plan to cover 3 topics this morning: First, I'll summarize our fourth quarter and full year 2019 results. I'll
also provide an update on the progress of our enterprise strategy as well as some color on how the year
ended versus our Investor Day targets. I'll finish with our expectations for 2020.

I'm pleased with the way our team is executing, notwithstanding the difficult economic environment,
which led to a decline in sales to users during the fourth quarter. I'll describe the segments later in
the call, but just to give you a brief overview: Sales to users for all 3 segments were lower than our
expectations. In Resource Industries, we continue to see strong quoting activity in mining as most
commodities remain at investable levels, but customers are being cautious due to global economic
conditions. While we experienced a decline in mining sales in the fourth quarter, we continue to believe

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

there will be a gradual recovery in our sales to mining customers. Our mining sales are lumpy, so there
can be significant variation between quarters.

Energy & Transportation was a mixed bag due to the diversity of our end markets. North American
onshore oil and gas activity remained depressed. As we expected, both solar and rail had a solid fourth
quarter. In Construction Industries, end-user demand has softened, particularly in North America. As our
earnings guidance indicates, we see some slowing across all 3 primary segments. We are ready to respond
quickly to positive or negative developments in our end markets.

We're doing what we said we would do at our Investor Day in May by achieving our financial targets,
continuing to invest in services and expanded offerings and returning cash more consistently to
shareholders. Sales and revenues for the fourth quarter declined 8% versus our assumption of down
mid-single digits. Volume, primarily caused by changes in dealer inventory, drove a majority of the
decline. Dealer inventory for the quarter decreased $700 million compared to an increase of $200 million
in the prior year's quarter. End-user demand, which we released this morning, was also softer than
we anticipated, down about 4% versus our assumption of flat end-user demand for the quarter. Price
realization and currency were unfavorable for the quarter as well.

Our fourth quarter operating profit decreased 2% driven primarily by the lower volume. We increased
our operating profit margin percent through disciplined cost control and stronger results from financial
products. For the fourth quarter, adjusted profit per share was $2.63 compared with $2.55 in 2018.

Turning to Slide 4. Sales and revenues for the full year declined about 2% mainly driven by the
movements in dealer inventory. Dealer inventory increased $800 million in 2019 versus an increase of
$2.3 billion in 2018. End-user demand increased about 2% for the year. The other 2 sales drivers, namely
favorable price realization and unfavorable currency, essentially offset each other.

For the full year, operating profit was flat on nearly $1 billion lower sales and revenues. The volume
reduction was offset by strong cost control. Favorable price realization more than offset manufacturing
cost increases.

Turning to profit per share. We ended 2019 at an adjusted profit per share of $11.06 compared with
$11.22 for 2018.

Now I'll summarize our 2019 results versus our Investor Day targets and the progress we made this past
year executing our strategy, as shown on Slide 5. In operational excellence, we're pleased to report we
achieved our best safety performance on record. We delivered a solid operating margin of 15.4% on $53.8
billion of sales and revenues. Our operating margin finished well within the target ranges we set at our
Investor Day last May, which you may recall was an improvement of between 3 and 6 percentage points
above the historical margins we delivered in the 2010 to 2016 period. Our free cash flow of $5.3 billion
was also within our Investor Day target range.

We returned $6.2 billion or about 115% of our 2019 free cash flow to shareholders in dividend and share
repurchases. That includes the 20% dividend increase we announced at Investor Day, which reflected our
confidence in the company's ability to deliver improved cash flows through the cycles and our intention to
return substantially all free cash flow to shareholders. We reduced our quarterly average diluted shares
outstanding by about 9% since the first quarter of 2018.

Our services revenues increased 2% and were around $18 billion in 2019. We indicated during our
Investor Day in May that our path to doubling services revenues to $28 billion from our 2016 baseline
would not be linear. And we continue to invest in services, including expanding our digital capabilities to
meet this target by 2026.

Please turn to Slide 6. At the center of our strategy is profitable growth. We made good progress this year
on all 3 elements of the strategy: operational excellence, expanded offerings and services.

Beginning with operational excellence. As I mentioned earlier, we achieved our best safety performance on
record. Yet even one injury is one too many as we want all of our employees to go home safely every day.
We're proactively managing our production levels, and our lead times are now at targeted levels for the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

majority of our products. This allows us to respond more quickly to both positive or negative changes in
demand. Shorter lead times also allow our dealers to carry less inventory, which helps dampen the overall
impact of economic cycles.

Turning to expanded offerings. One of our most successful areas in our GC line, where we've launched 6
new models in 2019 or 11 new models to date. These new GC products, including excavators, articulated
trucks, motor graders, wheel loaders and paving products, have broadened our product line to provide
customers a full range of choices when determining the best machine for their various applications.

In Energy & Transportation, the team launched large generator sets that burn lean methane created as a
by-product of the mining process. The CAT G3516C uses methane that could otherwise be vented to the
atmosphere, thereby reducing the mine's greenhouse gas emissions. These engines are capable of burning
relatively low concentrations of methane while reliably providing the engines full power at high efficiency.
Customers appreciate the value of uncompromised engine performance over a wide range of gas quality.

Finally, we reached some significant milestones with autonomous solutions in 2019. We continue to believe
we're at a tipping point for adoption of autonomy in mining. In 2019, the number of mining trucks running
Cat's autonomous solutions rose to 275, an increase of 48% over 2018. Our autonomous solutions are
now working for 7 customers across 11 sites on 3 continents. Some customers have reported productivity
benefits of up to 30% and have also reported positive enhancements to safety. Our customers are
focusing on improving performance across their sites, so we expanded our automated solutions to include
a broader portfolio of trucks, drills, tractors and underground mining products.

We know many of you will be in Las Vegas at CONEXPO in March and at MINExpo in September. We look
forward to showcasing many of our new products and services at these exhibitions.

Services are a very important element of our strategy. In 2019, one of our primary goals was to improve
parts availability to minimize customers' downtime. We are helping dealers better forecast customer
demand through advanced analytics, which enables them to improve parts availability. Services are a key
differentiator for many of our businesses, particularly when we help customers avoid unplanned downtime.

In 2019, we achieved our target of connecting 1 million assets by year-end. Thanks to investments
we've made during the past several years, we now have one of the largest fleets of connected assets
in the industries we serve. Connected products, such as Cat and non-Cat assets provide rich data,
including operating hours, location and product health, enabling customers to better manage and plan
their maintenance. Having critical mass and connectivity enables us to work with customers in a very
personalized way. Connecting assets also improves dealer capabilities, such as remote troubleshooting
that can reduce technician time and provide increased customer uptime. We'll continue to connect new
products coming out of our factories.

Turning to Slide 7. Today, we established 2020 profit per share guidance of $8.50 to $10 compared
with our 2019 adjusted profit per share of $11.06. Our planning assumptions for Machinery, Energy
& Transportation are that dealers will reduce their inventories by about $1 billion to $1.5 billion, that
end-user demand will decline by about 4% to 9% compared to 2019 and that services sales will grow
modestly. Global economic conditions are very fluid due to a variety of factors. We will continue to closely
monitor our environment and will be ready to respond quickly to positive or negative changes in demand.

Our 2020 outlook includes normal restructuring as well as a $200 million placeholder for strategic
restructuring actions. We plan to address a small number of products that are not delivering sufficient
OPACC and to ensure we're allocating resources towards those areas with the best opportunity for future
profitable growth.

Meanwhile, we will continue to invest in services and expanded offerings to improve the value Caterpillar
and our dealers provide to our customers. Andrew will provide more details on the outlook assumptions
later in the call.

Our cash flow remains strong. During 2019, we paid dividends of $2.1 billion. As we said at our 2019
Investor Day, we expect to increase our dividend by at least a high single-digit percent during 2020,
continuing our heritage as a dividend aristocrat. We repurchased $4 billion of common stock in 2019. We

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

expect continued strong cash flow in 2020, and share repurchases should be roughly similar to 2018 and
2019 levels. This is in line with our commitment to more consistently return substantially all free cash flow
to shareholders.

In 2020 -- turning to Slide 8. In 2020, we continue to execute our strategy for profitable growth. In the
area of expanded offerings, we plan to roll out 5 additional GC models this year as we continue to invest in
new products. Within operational excellence, we are focused on improving our cost structure with a focus
on back office and procurement costs.

Finally, in services, we will continue to invest in our digital capabilities so we can fully leverage our
connected assets and are investing in other areas such as customer-focused designs.

Now let me close by sharing our industry expectations for 2020 on Slide 9. In Construction Industries, we
expect slowing end-user demand. In North America, while we expect stable spending on state and local
infrastructure, residential and nonresidential construction is expected to decline.

Turning to Asia Pacific. We expect our sales in China to be flat to down 5%. We are actively monitoring
the coronavirus for any potential impact. We expect EAME construction activity will be flat to slightly up,
with growth in Europe slowing and Africa and the Middle East beginning to recover from low levels. The
recovery in Latin America should continue, although from a low base, led by Brazil. As a result of these
conditions, we expect that dealers, particularly in North America, will further reduce their inventories.

For Resource Industries, we expect end-user demand to be roughly flat. In nonresidential construction,
we anticipate lower 2020 end-user demand. In mining, we expect mid- single-digit growth for end-user
demand as quoting activity continues to be positive and commodity prices generally remain supportive
of investment. Customers remain cautious and have more flexibility on order timing due to our improved
lead times.

We continue to believe there will be a gradual recovery in sales to mining customers. We anticipate
Resource Industries sales will be softer in the first half of 2020, with possible upside in the second half as
mining confidence improves. As a result of these conditions, we expect dealers will further reduce their
inventories.

Turning to Energy & Transportation. We expect modestly lower overall demand. In oil and gas, we expect
end-user demand to weaken in North America for well servicing, recip gas compression and drilling.
Oil price volatility and capital discipline by our customers are both contributing factors. Solar sales are
expected to be flat to slightly up in 2020. Industrial demand is expected to decline modestly mainly led by
Europe. We expect power generation and transportation to grow modestly this year.

With that, I will turn the call over to Andrew for a closer look at our financials.

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 10 with total company results for the
fourth quarter. I'll cover the segment results for both the quarter and the full year. Then I'll walk you
through our 2020 guidance and close with some comments on cash flow and capital deployment.

In total, sales and revenues for the fourth quarter declined by 8% to $13.1 billion. Operating profit
decreased less than sales and was down 2% to $1.9 billion. Adjusted profit per share for the quarter
increased by 3% to $2.63, mostly reflecting the benefit of the lower-than-expected tax rate. Note that this
year's adjusted profit per share results include restructuring expense whilst last year's excludes it. Mark-
to-market adjustments were similar in both periods, about $470 million in 2019 and about $500 million in
2018.

As you see on Slide 11, sales decreased by $1.2 billion in the quarter. This result was below our
expectation of a mid-single-digit decrease in sales in the quarter. While price and currency was slightly
unfavorable, the primary factor was a 7% decrease in volume.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

As we've discussed in the third quarter, we expected dealers to reduce their inventories partly due to
our improved lead times, which allow dealers to hold less inventory; and partly due to uncertainty in the
global economy, resulting from trade tensions and other factors.

This morning, we released the quarter's retail sales data, which showed a decrease in retail sales
to users of 4%. We had anticipated that retail sales across all 3 primary segments will be flat. The
Construction Industries sales to users declined by 3%, Resource Industries declined by 10%, and Energy
& Transportation sales to users declined by 3%. This weaker-than-expected end-user demand meant that
whilst we cut back our shipments to dealers, dealer inventories came down by $200 million less than we
expected or around $700 million in the quarter.

This $700 million reduction in dealer inventory compares to a $200 million increase in dealer inventories in
the fourth quarter of 2019. The movement in dealer inventories, together with the reduction in end-user
demand, explain the volume decline in the quarter.

Order backlog was weaker at the end of the year, down $900 million across the segments. I know many
of you focus on backlog. However, I want to remind you that except for our direct businesses, mainly solar
and rail, the backlog represents dealer demand. That means it takes into account dealers' view of what
inventory they need to hold in addition to their expectations of end-user demand. We view our retail sales
data as a better indicator of demand over backlog. And whilst there's a lag, we believe retail sales data
better represents underlying customer behavior.

In addition to sales to users, we have other indicators of customer health. For example, we look at
past dues at Cat Financial, which actually improved in the quarter. That said, we saw a small uptick in
repossessions of equipment in units and in dollars. Auction prices and used prices are seeing downward
pressure. These factors, plus the low retail sales, gives us a very mixed picture. We will, therefore, stay
prepared for an acceleration or deceleration in demand.

Moving to Slide 12. Operating profit for the fourth quarter fell by 2% to $1.85 -- $1.85 billion. These
figures are on a like-for-like basis as both years include restructuring expense.

Let me walk you through the changes in operating profit before discussing the changes in operating
margin. Volume was the largest reason for the decline in operating profit. Price was also negative due to
geographic mix and programs we started to stimulate demand. Favorable material and freight costs were
offset by adverse warranty expenses, which continue to impact us. As we said in October, we had some
targeted product quality issues, which we're continuing to address.

Favorable short-term compensation expense and better cost control had a positive impact on operating
profit in the fourth quarter. Finally, Financial Products had a strong quarter 2. These tailwinds more
than offset the negative impacts on operating margin I mentioned a moment ago. This meant that the
operating margin improved by 100 basis points quarter-over-quarter.

Now let me discuss the individual segment's results for the fourth quarter and full year. First, on Slide
13. Fourth quarter sales of Energy & Transportation declined by 5% driven by weakness in oil and gas
and lower intersegment sales. Slowing demand for reciprocating engines in North America, used to power
gas compression applications, and lower turbine project deliveries contributed to an 11% decrease in
low oil and gas sales. We saw a 5% increase in transportation as marine sales in EAME improved. Power
generation and industrial sales also improved slightly in the quarter.

The segment's fourth quarter profit increased by 8% driven by lower short-term incentive expense and
lower manufacturing costs, which more than offset the impact of the volume decline. Segment operating
margin improved by 240 basis points to 19.6%.

For the year, Energy & Transportation sales decreased by 3%, reflecting slower sales in oil and gas and
lower intersegment sales. However, segment profit remained about flat in 2019 as the lower sales volume
was offset by reduced short-term incentive expense. The segment margin improved to 17.7%, an increase
of 40 basis points versus 2018.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Now turning to Slide 14. In Construction Industries, sales decreased by 12% in the fourth quarter due
to lower volume. Dealers in North America and EAME carried on adjusting their inventories. We continue
to see Latin American sales increase off a low base, while Asia/Pacific remained about flat. Within Asia/
Pacific, unfavorable price was mostly offset by higher volumes in a few countries. Sales in China rose in
the fourth quarter driven by dealers' desires to build inventory ahead of an earlier Chinese New Year.

The segment's fourth quarter profit margin fell by 170 basis points to 13.1%. The volume decrease
and lower price realization were partially offset by savings from material costs and short-term incentive
expense. The unfavorable price realization reflected changes in geographic mix that we had anticipated,
including reductions in dealer inventory in North America and some programs we put in place to stimulate
end-user demand.

On a full year basis, Construction Industries declined by 3%. Margins finished at 17.4%, a healthy
level, yet a decrease of 60 basis points versus 2018. The decline was driven by the impacts of volume,
manufacturing inefficiencies and an unfavorable mix of products partially offset by favorable price
realization.

Changing to Slide 15. Resource Industries sales decreased by 14% in the fourth quarter due to reductions
in dealer inventories and lower end-user demand. Dealers decreased inventories in the fourth quarter of
this year after increasing their inventories in the same period of 2018. The inventory reductions taken in
the fourth quarter were primarily related to nonresidential construction to better align end-to-end user
demand.

Turning to mining. We've seen continued disciplined CapEx spend by miners and have experienced
longer delays between deal signings and the placement of orders. Lower volume was the primary driver
of the 340 basis point decrease in the segment's profit margin to 10.9% for the quarter. For the full
year, Resource Industries sales were about flat. Profit margin improved by 30 basis points to 15.9% as
favorable price realization offset the impact of increased manufacturing costs, including high warranty
expense.

Moving to Slide 16. We were pleased with the results from Financial Products, which increased its
profitability by $181 million in the fourth quarter versus a challenging quarter a year ago. A lower
allowance rate in 2019 was the main driver of the improvement. Past dues were down at the end of 2019
as well. The Financial Products segment's profit rose by $327 million for the full year to $832 million.

Free cash flow for the quarter remained strong at $1.9 billion. We saw a significant reduction in our
inventory levels in the fourth quarter as we reduced production levels in our plants. For the full year, free
cash flow was $5.3 billion, excluding the discretionary pension contribution made in the third quarter.

Now I'll talk about the outlook on Slide 17. I'll share the full year outlook, a few key planning assumptions
and some observations on phasing in 2020. We anticipate profit per share of $8.50 to $10 in 2020
compared with an adjusted $11.06 in 2019. The range reflects current uncertainty in the global economy,
which is causing customers to delay or defer purchases of large capital goods. We no longer give sales
guidance, but I would like to share a few of our planning assumptions which we have used to drive our
profit per share guidance for 2020.

First, we're assuming low end-user demand of between 4% and 9%. We expect ME&T services revenues
to increase modestly as we continue our journey towards $28 billion in 2026. The full year guidance we
put together also assumes that pricing is about flat and that dealers would decrease their inventories by
between $1 billion and $1.5 billion in 2020. Keep in mind that dealers are independent entities and control
their own inventories. Given the slowdown in customer demand and the increased availability of product
due to lower lead times, we do expect dealers will reduce their inventory levels further. This reduction is
expected to be led by Construction Industries but will also impact Resource Industries. I will talk a little bit
more on how we expect dealer buying patterns to impact our phasing in 2020 in a moment.

As Jim has said, we will make sure production is scaled to meet demand, and we are ready to respond
to signals from the market positively or negatively. The top and bottom ends of the profit range roughly
correspond to the top and bottom of the ranges for declines in sales to users and dealer inventories. We

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

expect material costs to decline this year, including the impact of lower steel prices, procurement savings
and lower freight. We also expect increases in warranty costs to moderate in 2020. We're committed
to doing all we can to maintain a competitive and flexible cost structure, and we're tightly controlling
discretionary spending.

As part of that, we're moving toward the outsourcing of some of our back-office functions, which is
expected to produce run rate savings beginning in the fall. We're also working to improve our procurement
processes as a way to reduce direct and indirect spending. These changes are not immediate as we realize
benefits after new contracts begin and better prices flow through into inventory.

Last year, restructuring expense was $236 million, slightly above our expectation. This year, we expect
normalized level of restructuring expense. In addition, we're looking at taking strategic restructuring
actions relating to certain products that are not realizing sufficient OPACC. We put a $200 million
placeholder for that in our guidance, and we'll keep you updated through the year as we gain more
certainty around the actual costs. Keep in mind that we also expect a headwind from normalized incentive
compensation expense in 2020.

We're committed to delivering our Investor Day targets of improving operating margins by between 3 and
6 percentage points throughout the cycle compared with as our historical performance in 2010 to 2016.
We believe that our 2020 plan will enable us to deliver this, while at the same time, continuing to invest in
the greatest opportunities to drive long-term profitable growth. Based on the lower tax rate in 2019, we
now expect the effective tax rate for 2020 to be around 25%.

As you build your quarterly earnings models for 2020, I want to remind you of a few things that may
impact our normal seasonable patterns. Overall, dealers increased their inventory by $1.8 billion in the
first half of 2019. This occurred principally in Construction Industries and Resource Industries. We expect
a modest increase in dealer inventory in Construction Industries in the first quarter ahead of the normal
selling season. That will be worked down by the end of the first half. In Resource Industries, dealer
inventories rose in the first half of 2019, but we expect a modest reduction in the first half of 2020.

Energy & Transportation has a different seasonable pattern with sales and revenues in solar and rail being
more back-end loaded. We expect oil and gas sales to be impacted in the first half as we had a significant
backlog of orders at the beginning of 2019, which is different from the current situation. As a reminder,
reduced volume also impacts leverage so that will be a factor in the first half of the year.

Moving on to cash flow and capital structure on Slide 18. Working capital improved in the fourth quarter
as we reduced levels of inventory held by the company. We expect working capital to be neutral to
positive in 2020. The reductions in Caterpillar inventory, together with an expected lower payout of short-
term incentive compensation, should help offset the lower operating profit. Recall that the 2019 payout
was against the results for 2018, which was a record year. We also do not anticipate any U.S. pension
contributions in 2020.

CapEx in 2019 was $1.1 billion. We expect CapEx in 2020 to be around $1.2 billion. Our commitment
at the Investor Day was to improve our free cash flow by between $1 billion and $2 billion through the
cycle versus our historical performance in 2010 to 2016. This, together with a strong cash position, which
was $8.3 billion at year-end, has enabled us to increase the quarterly dividend by 20% this year and
be in the market more consistently for share repurchases. As Jim noted, we've returned $6.2 billion of
cash to shareholders in 2019 through dividends and share buybacks. We remain committed to returning
substantially all of our free cash flow to shareholders through the cycles. As we look ahead, we expect
to increase the dividend by high single digits in 2020 and the next 3 years after that, and based on our
expected strong cash flow, to repurchase a similar level of shares in 2020 as we had done in 2018 to
2019.

So finally, let's turn to Slide 19 and recap today's key points. 2019 sales and revenues declined by 2% to
$53.8 billion. Operating profit was down 2%, and profit per share totaled $10.74 or $11.06 on an adjusted
basis. We've established a 2020 outlook range of $8.50 to $10 profit per share based on expectations for
end-user demand to decline between 4% and 9%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Our top line modeling assumption reflects $1 billion to $1.5 billion of low inventory -- low revenue from
dealers further reducing their inventory levels. We're keeping a close eye on production so we can respond
quickly. We're working on the competitiveness of our cost structure, and our operating and execution
model remains at the center of everything we do.

We will continue to invest in services and expanded offerings. Our overall financial position remains
strong, and we expect strong cash flow in 2020 as well. We remain committed to our strategy of profitable
growth and deployment of capital back to shareholders through a growing dividend and consistent share
repurchases.

With that, I'll hand the call back to Jennifer.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations
Thank you, Andrew. We will now move to the Q&A portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] Paul, please
begin the Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And the first question is coming from Ann Duignan of JPMorgan Securities.

Ann P. Duignan
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So many questions. I don't know how to pick one. But I think I'll focus on pricing. If you could just
expand on your flat pricing guidance for 2020, where are you seeing pricing improvement versus pricing
degradation? And then you said you increased your marketing programs in Q4 to stimulate demand, but it
doesn't look like it's happened. So if you could just talk about pricing across the businesses and across the
regions, I'd appreciate it.

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thank you. It's Andrew. Yes. So a couple of factors within Q4. As I mentioned, one, geographic mix
was a factor as well. So obviously, if you think about the way we price, and particularly North America is a
stronger pricing region, and so that geographic mix, given the reduction in inventory, came through on the
price line. We expect that to continue as we do reduce deal inventory through 2020. That -- so that will
have an impact on pricing, particularly as you look at that mix through the year. So probably, actually, in
first half, pricing will be a little bit weaker than we see -- expected for the second half.

We have put modest prices increases through. Obviously, we need to see how much of that sticks again,
and how much we have to put back into programs. Yes, your point about we didn't see much demand
being stimulated, yes, because we did see a reduction in sales to users in the fourth quarter. We believe
that had we not actually put that pricing behind, they may have actually been a little bit worse than that.
So that was part of the programs being put in place.

Ann P. Duignan
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'm sorry. I didn't fully understand your North America question -- answer. You said pricing is stronger in
North America or price reductions are greater in North America.

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

No. It's the geographic mix. So we have -- as you go through and if you look what's in our pricing line, it
includes changes in geographic mix. We base it on a rate per unit. And obviously, North American units
tend to have a higher price and prices are because they're higher specced than prices across the rest of
the world. So therefore, you do tend to then see a negative price variance coming through as a result of
that with low North American sales.

Ann P. Duignan
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And just so I'm clear, China pricing is down year-over-year? Is that the expectation going forward? And is
it contained to China?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

I don't think we've said anything about China pricing. We're talking about China sales. We said we expect
China sales to be down to -- flat to slightly down in 2020. We haven't talked about pricing by territory or
market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Operator

And the next question is coming from Joe O'Dea of Vertical Research Partners.

Joseph O'Dea
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

I wanted to ask about retail sales. And when we look at the trends, it looked like a rather sharp sequential
slowing from 3Q into 4Q. And you commented that it was a bigger step-down than you expected. But
just in terms of how you interpret those trends and based on conversations you're having with customers
and dealers, the degree to which you're able to parse out how much of that is a bit of a spend freeze at
the end of the year, the degree to which you have any insight based on January versus noting kind of
December demand levels is something that we should be extrapolating going forward.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

So really, you have to look at it by our various industries. There's no kind of one answer that covers all
of those. And we talked about the fact that in mining, that business can be quite lumpy, and that can be
reflected in both our sales and our retail stats as well. Activity in mining continues to be strong, lot of
discussions with customers, lots of quotes. But our customers are being cautious, as we mentioned earlier,
but we do expect that slow gradual increase to occur in mining. And we're expecting a stronger 6 months
than -- the last 6 months of the year to be stronger than the first 6.

In oil and gas, we do anticipate the depressed market conditions in North American onshore production to
continue in well servicing, recip gas compression and drilling. We do expect that to continue.

CI is a bit of a mixed bag. Again, we talked about our expectations there for CI. I really don't have
anything to add on top of that.

Operator

And the next question is coming from Ross Gilardi of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Ross Paul Gilardi
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Jim, you know this oil and gas business that Caterpillar has a bit better than anybody. And I'm just
wondering how your spare parts and service for E&T, both upstream recips and turbines, how they're
behaving? I mean were they stable in the fourth quarter? And are you expecting them to be stable within
your outlook? I mean, clearly, the new equipment outlook is very soft. But solar has traditionally been able
to weather a lot of these downturns. And I'm wondering if you expect the parts and service components of
your oil and gas business to remain resilient, particularly in an oversupplied natural gas market.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. Starting with solar. As we indicated, solar had a solid fourth quarter, both on the OE and on the
service side. And we do expect their service sales going forward to remain resilient. That's been proved
many, many times. So we do expect that to be the case.

We had mentioned a number of times over the last year that there's a bit of a pent-up demand for oil and
gas parts for rebuilds that resulted in increased sales in 2017 and 2018. So with the pressure on North
American oil and gas, that business will remain challenged through 2020.

Operator

And the next question is coming from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

I'm wondering if you could just expand on your decremental margin assumptions. It looks like you're
embedding 35% decrementals, give or take, in the '20 outlook. And when we look at your decrementals
in the last sales downturn, they were generally in the 20% range. So I'm just wondering if you could just
bridge that. Is that to give yourselves room to execute in a challenging environment? Can you just share
the pieces just to bridge us between the historical decremental margin performance versus the target for
'20?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Great question, Jerry. It's Andrew. Thank you very much for it. The -- this is exactly why we don't talk
about incrementals and decrementals anymore. What we have done obviously through the last downturn,
the company took out a significant amount of structural cost. And as we've gone through the last couple
of years, where we've seen an up-cycle, we have not put that cost back in the business. What that meant,
obviously, as margins improve, absolute margins improve over time, which is why we gave the Investor
Day targets of improving margins by 3% to 6% against historical performance.

On the way down, obviously, you are -- because we are not -- we don't -- haven't put a lot of structural
cost back in, there's not a lot of structural cost to cut. So you will see obviously higher deleverage as
you go down. Also because we're expecting this relatively to be a pause rather than some fundamental
change in the market, we are continuing to invest in both services and in R&D, particularly for new NPI,
new product introductions. That is important for us because that drives long-term growth. So we maintain
the flexibility.

How we are managing it is we are managing against those margin targets. We look at the absolute margin
to make sure we stay within that 3% to 6% range against the level of sales and revenues we're expecting
next year. And we do believe the plan we've got does do that.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

And Andrew, can you just expand maybe a little bit on the variable cost structure part of that discussion?
Because more variable cost structure would suggest lower incremental and decremental margins. So I
appreciate the comment on we have less restructuring opportunities now. But maybe you can expand on
that point because that would sound like it would reduce the cyclicality in operating leverage?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So obviously, volume is going to have a major impact next year as we go through. Obviously, that is
the biggest single factor. And obviously, operating leverage is a factor in the margin.

With regards to the other parts, so -- I mean, obviously, we're expecting pricing to be about flat next year.
We are expecting some favorability in material costs, as I mentioned, particularly around steel and also
because of some of our programs we put in place. How much of that feeds through into margins next year
will depend about how quickly we get those programs through out of inventory and actually into sales.

We're also expecting lower freight next year. Freight costs have been high for the last couple of years, and
partly because of obviously trying to meet end-user demand. But now with lead times being in a better
place, we don't expect as much premium freight to occur.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

And maybe just to expand on that answer just a bit. One of the things that Andrew mentioned earlier is
we're really paying a lot of attention to end-user demand. And our dealers are independent businesses,
but we're working with them to ensure that we don't have too much dealer inventory. And in the past,
I'd argue that some of our cyclicality has been exacerbated by movements in dealer inventory. So by
shortening our lead times, having dealer inventory that is appropriate for market demand, we believe that
we will have a dampening effect on our cyclicality, which is part of what we're trying to accomplish.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Operator

And the next question is coming from Seth Weber of RBC Capital Markets.

Seth Robert Weber
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I wanted to ask about the China construction market. I know you mentioned your expectations for the
market to be kind of flat to down. Cat has been picking up share there recently over the last few months.
I'm just -- can you speak to your expectations for Cat, particularly what's been driving the market share
gains? Have you sort of changed tack with some of your marketing programs? Is there a new product
that's kind of gaining good acceptance? And can you just talk broadly about your expectations relative to
the market?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes, Seth. What we indicated, I believe, is that we expect our sales to be flat to slightly down in 2020.
We talked earlier about the fact that we're continually introducing new products as part of our expanded
offering strategies, GC products. And certainly, a big part of that targeted customer audience is in
China. We continue to build out our dealer network, continue to build out our footprint there, along with
connected assets and all the other things we're doing. We believe that we're well positioned to compete in
China moving forward.

Seth Robert Weber
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. Sorry. So Cat is flat to down. Is that better than what you're seeing for the market then? I thought
that was a market commentary.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

I believe it's roughly similar.

Operator

And the next question is coming from David Raso of Evercore ISI.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

My question is about EPS guidance, but can I go about it related to the dealer inventory swings? So the
inventory reduction this year, you're targeting midpoint, $1.25 billion. But the headwind for you is actually
greater on a year-over-year basis, right, because the inventory went up $700 million last year. So we're
looking at a $1.95 billion drag year-over-year. But the way you spoke to the inventory sequentially, it
appeared, and correct me if I'm wrong, almost all of that $1.95 billion, a very large majority of it, that
year-over-year drag is really concentrated in the first half of the year. Is that correct?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

David, it's Andrew. Yes, that is correct.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

So when I think about the EPS cadence, right, pricing a bit of a struggle to start the year, the big inventory
swing for the full year is really focused on the first half. That sort of sets you up for the inset. I'm just
trying to figure out then -- I mean, normally, the first quarter, the last, whatever, 20 years, the median,
it's up a little bit from the fourth quarter. Your fourth quarter was on the high side. So is it fair to say it's --

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

that's not the case this year? We start low in the first half. The first quarter's below 4Q and then it climbs
from there? I'm just trying to get a sense of how much is the main and...

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So part of the reason why I tried to talk a little bit about the phasing for next year is, yes, do not
expect the historic trends to prevail. Yes, as you know, normally, first quarter is a relatively strong quarter,
always a strong quarter from a margin perspective as we build inventory heading into selling season. And
then, obviously, the second half is slightly weaker than the first half. But that is the normal pattern, both
from the sales and revenue and also from a profitability perspective.

Your assumptions you're making are fairly accurate based on what we're seeing. We do expect deal
inventory to have an impact on the first half. As I said, CI will see some build in Q1, but that should be
broadly flat by Q2. RI will see a steady decline through the first half of the year versus a build last year. So
that is the likely outcome as we move. And so yes, you can't just -- you won't be able -- just to be able to
use the seasonal trends as a plug-in new model, I'm afraid.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And just to be clear, Jim, last year, obviously, the inventory reduction was a little disappointing. The
management's commitment to take care of this inventory in the first half of the year, I just want to be
clear. I know they're independent dealers, but are we looking to take out the year-over-year swing,
right? Completely avoid the normal seasonal build, you're not looking to build inventory at all in the first
half of the year, and that's that big year-over-year drag. I'm just making sure from the prior, let's say,
disappointments on the inventory the last couple of quarters, is there a firm commitment to address this
in the first half and not let this linger into the back half?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. David, I mean, obviously, always, as we work with our dealers, but they are managing their
businesses themselves. So we are -- we can't manage their inventory for them. However, based on our
expectations on order patterns we're seeing from dealers, we do expect that they will be working hard to
reduce their inventory in the first half of the year. We can't make it a 100% commitment. But obviously,
we do expect the vast majority of that to happen in the first half.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

And one of the reasons that our fourth quarter inventory didn't decline as much as we anticipated is
because end-user sales were lower than our expectations. So obviously, end-user sales has an impact on
inventory in the quarter.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your next question is coming from Rob Wertheimer of Melius Research.

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Let's see if this works. Just a quick clarification on North American construction. You have residential
and nonresidential construction to decline. Is that industry dollars spent on construction? Or is that
construction equipment for the industry? And if I can, my question is really, I mean, the reduction in lead
time is a fantastic thing for Cat, and reduction in volatility would be a great thing for Cat. Any color around
just the work you've done to achieve that? And if dealers are starting to recognize it and wanting to hold
structurally lower inventory.

Andrew R. J. Bonfield

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Chief Financial Officer

So with regards to residential and nonresidential, there's construction equipment relating to that is what
we're expecting to see the decline in.

And then as regards the inventory, let me hand it back to Jim.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. In terms of lead times, we've been working on this lean journey for a long time. And obviously,
if we can find ways to reduce our lead times, it helps us both in the up-cycle to respond more quickly
to increases and changes in demand and also allows us to cut back more quickly so we don't have an
overhang, which helps to dampen the impact of the cycles.

And that, again, we've got our total team focused on reducing cycle times, all part of that lean journey
and really trying to synchronize across the value chain. I think we're doing a better job of that than we
have in the past. But it's a never-ending journey.

Operator

And the next question is coming from Ashish Gupta from Stephens.

Ashish Ravi Gupta
Stephens Inc., Research Division

I was wondering if you could expand on your GC comments related to China. Maybe you can give us a
sense of what went right or where you're looking for incremental improvement in 2020. I guess I'm just
referring to sort of the market share losses through most of the year, although it did improve in the end.
Just kind of trying to think about, how much of a contributor that could be in 2020 and beyond? Where the
successes were? And where you could see some incremental improvement?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. Whether it's China or any other part of the world, the competitive landscape is continually changing.
As we introduce new products, our competitors introduce new products, so that's nothing new. And so
we -- again, you look at anywhere in the world over time, we see changes in the competitive situation.
I mean we have demonstrated our ability to successfully compete in China. We've localized. We have a
local leadership team. We have dozens of factories. We have localized our supply chain, and we continue
to build out our dealer network and increase services and connectivity and introduce new products.

So again, it's -- competitive situation in China or anywhere in the world that's fluid. But we're very
committed to be successful in that market, and I believe it demonstrated we can be successful
competitively.

Operator

And the next question is coming from Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse Securities.

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

If you could -- a clarification, if you could just elaborate. You talked about the normal restructuring of
$200 million. And then the -- I'm sorry, normal restructuring, which I assume is $200 million, and then
the strategic stuff you're reviewing, another $200 million. I'm just trying to understand what's in the
EPS guide that you're not adjusting out. And then I guess my question is, are there -- you talked about
reviewing products. You talked about some cost cutting, realizing it's not what we had and there's not the
opportunity in prior cycles. But as we get to the back half of the year, I'm just trying to understand, are
there any savings associated with these measures? Or does that play more into 2021?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Okay, Jamie. So we have said that we would -- this year, we expected -- beginning of the year, we
said for 2019 that we expect the restructuring costs now to normalize between $100 million and $200
million a year. We were slightly above that. You will have heard me say, we were at $236 million for 2019.
We expect a normal level in 2020. So between the $100 million to $200 million is the sort of normal level
we would have.

The $200 million, actually, yes, you're correct. It does relate to some products, which aren't delivering
OPACC. They will -- some action we've got to go through. We're doing the evaluation of the actions we
can do. And at the moment, our guidance does not take into account that there would be any savings
associated with these measures in 2020. We think most -- more likely that will be in 2021 anyway.

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

And is there any way to think about a savings associated with that or just too early? And to confirm,
repurchase is in your EPS guide, right?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Yes, repurchase is in the EPS guide. And yes, we will keep you updated on this. Because I think as
the charges come through, we'll pick it up. And then we'll talk to you about what we're expecting from a
benefit perspective.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

And we're also -- just give me -- to add in there, we're also continuing looking at ways to reduce our
structural costs, particularly in the areas of back office and procurement and all the rest. And we do
expect again, over time, to have improved performance as a result of that. Again, relatively limited impact
in 2020, but we're really trying to take the right steps in 2020 to set ourselves up for the future with a
lower structural cost.

Operator

And your final question is coming from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies & Company.

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Andrew, thank you for all the comments relative to sort of the EPS cadence. But I'm wondering, Jim,
if I can ask how you're thinking about the markets. You talked about this earlier. I think you sort of
characterized it as a pause. So the down 4% to 9% in end-user demand, is that sort of significantly lower
in the first half and then maybe kind of closer to breakeven in the second half? Or just do you think this
kind of runs its course, and the fourth quarter run rate could actually be kind of back to growth again? Or
are you just sort of predicting kind of steady, continuous weakness in end-user demand?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. I think you really have to look at it by segment. So in Resource Industries, in mining, in particular,
we believe that the second half will be stronger than the first half. Again, we are -- we feel there's a slow,
gradual recovery occurring in mining. Our customers are cautious. But just based on the quoting activity
and the amount that's going on, we do anticipate that there'll be a stronger last half of the year than first
half.

In construction, don't anticipate any dramatic changes first half to second half. In oil and gas onshore,
we expect that to be remain depressed throughout the year. Solar and rail typically have strong fourth

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

quarters. That's -- it's that way almost every year, and we -- no reason to think that wouldn't happen
again.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

Okay. With that, let me turn it back to Jim for his closing remarks.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

All right. Well, thank you all for joining the call and appreciate your questions. Cat faced several challenges
in 2019, and I'm very proud of our team of employees, how they met those challenges with determination.
They've allowed us to meet our operating margin targets that we set at our Investor Day and do the
other things we said we would do. And we continue to advance our strategy for profitable growth. We are
investing significantly in services, expanded offerings and working on that operational excellence, record
safety year, shortening lead times, working on the cost structure. And certainly, 2020 will bring its own
set of challenges and opportunities, but we remain focused on delivering additional value to our customers
and our shareholders. And we'll continue to execute our strategy for profitable growth. Thanks for your
time.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

Thanks, Jim. Thanks, everybody, who joined us for our call today. If you missed any portion of the call,
you can catch it by replay online later this morning. We will post a transcript on the Investor Relations
site within 1 business day. If you have any follow-up questions, please reach out to Rob or me. Rob is
at rengel_rob@cat.com. I'm at driscoll_jennifer@cat.com. And the general phone number and Investor
Relations is +1 (309) 675-4549.

And now let me ask Paul to conclude our call.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your
phone lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

