Caterpillar Inc. NYSE:CAT
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, July 30, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.41

2.60

Revenue  (mm)

12528.45

12889.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-28-2021 3:13 PM GMT

7.88

2.88

2.27

9.93

12.13

11950.87

48942.23

54528.52

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.18

1.49

1.94

2.41

1.34

2.12

2.87

2.60

13.56 %

42.28 %

47.94 %

7.88 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CATERPILLAR INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jairam Nathan
Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd.,
Research Division

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Joel Gifford Tiss
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Kristen E. Owen
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Mircea Dobre
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Ross Paul Gilardi
BofA Securities, Research Division

Stanley Stoker Elliott
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Second Quarter 2021 Caterpillar Earnings Conference Call. Please be advised that today's
conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jennifer
Driscoll. Thank you. Please go ahead.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Whitney. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Caterpillar's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings
Call. With me here today are Jim Umpleby, Chairman of the Board and CEO; Andrew Bonfield, Chief
Financial Officer; Kyle Epley, Vice President of the Global Finance Services Division; and Rob Rengel,
Senior IR Manager.

During our call this morning, we'll be discussing the earnings news release we issued earlier today. You
may find our slides in the news release and a video recap at investors.caterpillar.com. Simply click on
Events and Presentations.

Moving to Slide 2. The forward-looking statements we make today are subject to risks and uncertainties.
We'll also make assumptions that could cause our actual results to be different than the information we're
sharing with you on this call. Please refer to the recent SEC filings and the forward-looking statements
reminder in the news release for details on factors that individually or in aggregate could cause our actual
results to vary materially from our forecast. Caterpillar has copyrighted this call, and we prohibit use of
any portion of it without our prior written approval.

Today, we reported profit per share of $2.56 for the second quarter of '21 compared with $0.84 sorry
-- not $84, of profit per share in the second quarter of 2020. We're showing adjusted profit per share
in addition to our U.S. GAAP results. Our adjusted profit per share was $2.60 for the second quarter
compared with second quarter 2020 adjusted profit per share of $1.27. Adjusted profit per share for
both quarters exclude restructuring costs. The second quarter of 2020 also excluded a remeasurement
loss of $0.19 per share, resulting from the settlement of pension obligations. We provide a non-GAAP
reconciliation in the appendix to this morning's news release. You also can find information on dealer
inventory and backlog in our slides. Now let's flip to Slide 3 as we turn the call over to our Chairman and
CEO, Jim Umpleby.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thanks, Jennifer. Good morning, everyone. As we close out the first half of 2021, I'd like to thank our
global team for their strong performance in a challenging dynamic environment. We continue to execute
our strategy for profitable growth and remain focused on the safety of our employees. We're encouraged
by higher end year demand in the majority of our end markets.

Before turning over the call to Andrew for a detailed review of our results, I'll briefly cover 3 topics
this morning. I'll share my perspectives on Caterpillar's second quarter results. I'll then review our end
markets before discussing the sustainability report, including our new climate and energy statement that
we published during the second quarter.

On Slide 4, we're pleased with the strong sales and profit performance during the second quarter. Sales
and revenues increased 29% primarily due to higher sales volume. The 2 main drivers of our top line were
strong end-user demand and the impact of changes in dealer inventory. Compared to the second quarter
of last year, sales to users rose roughly 15% and changes in dealer inventories provided about a $1 billion
tailwind.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

During our first quarter call, we mentioned that growth in sales to users would be significantly higher than
the 8% we saw in the first quarter. Sales to users rose about 15% versus the second quarter of last year
and trended better for the fourth consecutive quarter. We had gains in all 3 of our primary segments.

Machines rose 20% with similar increases in both Construction Industries and Resource Industries
with improved improvement in all regions. Demand from residential construction remained strong and
demand related to nonresidential improved. Mining was also up. Quotation activity for miners remain
strong, and we've seen a significant improvement in orders through the first 2 quarters. We were also
pleased that heavy construction and aggregate strengthened as did several end markets within Energy &
Transportation.

Energy & Transportation sales to users turned positive, rising 1%. The Keep in mind that the slowdown in
end user demand in 2020 affected Energy & Transportation later than the other segments as some of the
applications are impacted by timing of large products.

From a geographic perspective, we had strength in sales across all regions. North America was quite
strong as expected. EMEA and Latin America also showed double-digit sales growth. Asia Pacific saw good
growth in most areas outside of China. China declined modestly in the quarter after rebounding strongly
beginning in the second quarter of 2020, leading to a tougher comparison. We also had modest benefits to
sales this quarter from currency and price.

As we noted in our first quarter call, second quarter 2020 saw a decline in dealer inventory of $1.4 billion.
but we did not expect a significant change during 2021. Dealer inventory declined $400 million during the
second quarter. Similar to the first quarter of this year, dealer inventory remains near the low end of the
normal range.

I'll now provide an update on Caterpillar's supply chain. In spite of the unprecedented challenges
impacting the industrial sector, I'm proud of the work by our team to minimize disruptions, which were
relatively modest during the second quarter. For the majority of our products, availability remains within
our normal ranges. We mentioned on the last earnings call that the supply chain situation, including
transportation, was challenging and that our team was preparing contingency plans such as alternative
assembly processes at our facilities. During the quarter, our team implemented some of those plans and
continued to work closely with our suppliers to mitigate supply chain impacts on production. We still
anticipate that supply chain challenges will remain throughout the year, and our goal is to minimize the
impact on our ability to meet improving customer demand. In addition, as we mentioned during our last
earnings call, we do not expect a significant benefit from dealer restocking during 2021.

Operating profit in the second quarter increased 128% to $1.8 billion. Volume growth, price realization
and strong results from Financial Products drove the improvement. We did have some favorable price
flow-through this quarter, mostly in Construction Industries. We also saw higher short-term incentive
compensation expense and some higher material costs including steel and other commodities as expected.
Andrew will discuss margins in more detail.

The adjusted operating profit margin improved to 14.1% versus 9.3% in the second quarter of 2020, as
we expected. Operating margins increased in both Construction Industries and Resource Industries despite
headwinds from short-term incentive compensation and supply chain challenges. Profit per share was
$2.56 versus $0.84 in the second quarter of 2020. Adjusted profit per share was $2.60 versus $1.27 in
the second quarter of 2020.

Moving to Slide 5. Free cash flow from Machinery, Energy & Transportation was another highlight of the
quarter. We generated $1.7 billion of ME&T free cash flow with higher profit partly offset by an increase in
Caterpillar inventory.

We resumed share repurchases in the second quarter. We also announced we are increasing our quarterly
dividend by 8% to $1.11 per share. We paid a higher dividend annually for 27 consecutive years. We
returned about $800 million to shareholders in the second quarter via the dividend and share repurchases.
We expect to repurchase sufficient shares between now and the end of the year to at least offset absolute
dilution from shares issued this year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

In light of the highly fluid environment, we will continue our practice of not providing profit per share
guidance. However, we'll share some high-level assumptions for the upcoming quarter and the full year.
For 2021, as we said on the last earnings call, we expect to achieve the targets for adjusted operating
profit margin that we set out at our 2019 Investor Day of 300 to 600 basis points of improvement versus
our performance during the 2010 to 2016 period at similar sales -- similar levels of sales and revenues.
We also expect to achieve the free cash flow targets we set for ME&T at Investor Day of an incremental $1
billion to $2 billion at all points in the cycle. Andrew will elaborate with a few of our assumptions for the
upcoming quarter in a few moments.

Please turn to Slide 6, and I'll walk through our expectations by end market. Overall, we're becoming
more optimistic about our end markets since our last earnings call. We're pleased that many end markets
continue to improve and demand continues to strengthen. Global demand is strong and the outlook is
positive.

In Construction Industries, for example, we're optimistic about the industry as we expect end market
demand to show continued positive growth. Residential and nonresidential construction demand is
expected to remain strong led by North America. In China, we expect the industry for excavators above 10
tons to be about flat in 2021 compared to a very strong 2020. Please keep in mind that demand was very
strong in this market during the first quarter. Our newly introduced GX models continue to perform well,
and we're still receiving positive customer feedback. In the balance of Asia Pacific, we believe stronger-
than-expected commodity prices, housing strength and government infrastructure expenditures will
support continued sales growth. In the EAME, we see end market demand regaining momentum on strong
construction activity, higher commodity prices and improved confidence. Latin America should also show
continued strengthening due to increased construction activity.

Switching to Resource Industries. In mining, we continue to expect improvement in minor CapEx as
commodity prices remain supportive of growth. Parked large mining trucks decreased in the quarter and
remain at relatively low levels in all regions as utilization increases. Customer interest in Caterpillar's
autonomous mining solution remains high and customers now autonomously operate or are deploying CAT
machines on 18 sites around the world. While our mining customers continue to display capital discipline,
we expect mining to continue to improve over the long term as the energy transition drives higher demand
for commodities. In heavy construction and quarry and aggregates, we've seen improvement in the
second quarter, particularly in North America and the EAME. We expect continued strengthening in this
part of the portfolio.

Finally, in Energy & Transportation, we expect oil and gas to continue to strengthen gradually. We expect
customers to continue to demonstrate capital discipline, and pockets of excess capacity remain. In power
generation, strength in data center should continue. Industrial demand is expected to improve along
with the global economic recovery. Transportation should see strength in rail services and growth in
international deliveries for locomotives. In, marine demand is projected to grow modestly, while remaining
at low levels.

Now on Slide 7. Since our last quarterly earnings call, we published our 2020 sustainability report to
establish and report progress against our environmental, social and governance goals. We also released
a new climate and energy statement. Caterpillar shares the concerns of governments and the public
about the risks of climate change and supports global efforts to mitigate its impact. We are committed to
contributing to a reduced carbon future.

This commitment is reflected in our sustainability vision to improve the quality of the environment and
our communities. Some of the ways we do this are by further reducing greenhouse gas emissions from
our operations and helping customers meet their climate-related objectives by investing in innovative new
products, technologies and services.

Our 2020 sustainability report highlights 7 new environmental, social and governance goals we've
set to achieve by 2030. These goals, which address issues most relevant to our customers and other
stakeholders, are focused on the climate and environment in addition to safety. One of these goals is to
ensure that 100% of Caterpillar's new products through 2030 will be more sustainable than the previous
generation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

It's an inspiring time to be a Caterpillar employee. I'm pleased with all the good work already underway
across the company. We're developing products and services that facilitate fuel transition, increased
operational efficiency and reduced emissions to help communities thrive and to help our customers
achieve their environmental goals. By establishing and reporting progress on our ESG targets, we provide
transparency about our progress and innovation. In order to further increase transparency, we will strive
to provide an update, for example, during our earnings calls.

This quarter, I'll close with an example. Recently, Nouveau Monde Graphite, or NMG, announced a
collaboration with us to fully power their Matawinie graphite mine with zero-emissions machines by 2028.
Caterpillar will be the exclusive equipment, technology and service provider for NMG. We'll be developing,
testing and producing CAT zero-emission machines for the project in Saint-Michel-des-Saints in Quebec,
Canada.

In conclusion, we continue to execute our strategy for long-term profitable growth by investing in services,
expanding our offerings and improving operational excellence. It was a strong quarter from a financial and
operational perspective and a good first half. Looking forward, we're optimistic about our ability to mitigate
supply chain challenges and are encouraged by customer demand that's strengthening and is broad-based
across all regions. Now I'll turn the call over to Andrew.

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I'll start by walking you through second quarter results,
including some color on the segment performance. Then I'll turn to the balance sheet and our thoughts for
the third quarter.

Beginning on Slide 8. As Jim noted, sales for the second quarter increased by 29% to $12.9 billion due to
higher volumes. Operating profit of $1.8 billion increased by 128%, reflecting margin expansion primarily
due to higher volumes. Second quarter profit per share was $2.56 compared with $0.84 in 2020. Adjusted
profit per share more than doubled to $2.60 compared with $1.27 last year.

I'll start with the top line on Slide 9, where we continue to see strong volume gains. Sales and revenue
growth was in the double digits percent for all 3 of our primary segments and on a consolidated basis
for every region. Growth in North America, our largest region, is up 30%, reflecting strong results in
Construction Industries and Resource Industries. Growth in the EAME was also robust, up 33%. Latin
America rose by 67%, albeit off a low base, and Asia Pacific sales grew by 12%.

Overall, sales to users increased by 15%. The acceleration from the 8% rate of growth in the first quarter
was in line with our expectations of a significantly higher percentage as we discussed last quarter. Sales to
users in Construction Industries rose by 20% led by North America. Residential construction continued to
be strong in North America and EAME. Nonresidential construction in North America is recovering well as
well. Latin America showed very good growth in sales to users off a low base. Asia Pacific was lower due to
a modest decline in China. As Jim mentioned, the Chinese market started to recover earlier in 2020 than
other countries, leading to a tougher comparative. Overall, we still expect China to have another strong
year with the industry in the above 10 tonne excavator market about flat retaining last year's large gain.

Sales to users in Resource Industries increased by 21%, reflecting growth from heavy construction
and quarrying aggregates. Demand for equipment and mining also improved this quarter. And as Jim
mentioned, we remain encouraged about the upside potential in mining. In Energy & Transportation, sales
to users rose by 1%, in positive territory, despite the fact that E&T sales to users were impacted to a
lesser extent than other segments in the second quarter of last year due to the timing of large deals.

Now turning to Slide 10. Operating profit increased to $1.8 billion. The 128% improvement reflected
higher volume in our 3 primary segments, favorable price and higher profits from financial products. That
was partly offset by the impact of restoring short-term incentive compensation.

The assumption for short-term incentive compensation in the quarter was also raised by about $100
million compared to the first quarter to reflect our strengthening results. We now expect our full year
charge to be about $1.5 billion. This quarter, we had $25 million in restructuring expense, over $100

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

million lower than a year ago. We now expect around $250 million in restructuring expenses this year. We
also had a full quarter impact of SPM Oil & Gas, including some M&A-related costs, which I'll cover in a bit
more detail when we discuss Energy & Transportation.

The adjusted operating profit margin rose 480 basis points to 14.1%. As we expected, research and
development and selling, general and administrative expenses rose. These increases reflected not only
the impact of incentive compensation but also investments in key priorities such as growing services and
investing in product development to help our customers achieve their climate objectives.

As we explained in April, we did expect a sequential decline in margins versus the first quarter. Margins
were broadly in line with our expectations. As we said, price realization turned positive in the quarter,
while material and freight costs were a negative. We did see a lower margin reduction than expected from
absorption as production rates remain strong. However, the increase in short-term incentive compensation
more than offset that.

The global tax rate remains about 26%. Adjusted profit per share of $2.60 excludes $0.04 of restructuring
expense versus $0.24 of restructuring expense as well as $0.19 for the settlement of pension obligations
that occurred in the second quarter of last year.

Moving to Slide 11. Let's take a look at segment performance, starting with Construction Industry. Sales
increased by 40% to $5.7 billion, primarily driven by higher sales volume and favorable price realization.
The improvement in volume was due to higher end-user demand and the impact from changes in dealer
inventories. As I mentioned earlier, the increase in end-user demand was led by North America, where
residential construction remained strong and nonresidential construction strengthened. Overall, dealers
reduced their construction equipment inventories less than the second quarter of 2021 than in the second
quarter of 2020.

The segment's second quarter profit increased by 98% to $1 billion. The near doubling came from higher
sales volume and favorable price realization, including geographic mix. Cost absorption and efficiencies
were positive in the quarter. That was partly offset by 2 items: the impact to short-term incentive
compensation, and we started to see the impact of unfavorable material costs, although this was modest
in the quarter. The segment operating margin increased by 530 basis points to 18.1%.

Turning to Slide 12, Resource Industries sales increased by 41% in the second quarter to $2.6 billion. The
increase was mostly due to higher end-user demand for equipment and aftermarket parts and changes in
dealer inventories. As we expected, heavy construction and quarry and aggregates began to improve, and
we expect continued improvement from here. End user demand and mining also continued to improve.
Sales were up in all regions. Second quarter profit for Resource Industries more than doubled, increasing
by 138% to $361 million. The increase was mainly due to higher sales volume partially offset by the
impact of our short-term incentive compensation expense.

Price was slightly negative mostly due to changes in prices for Australian dollar-denominated aftermarket
parts. These were reduced to reflect currency movements versus the U.S. dollar. The operating margin
increased by 570 basis points to 14%.

Now on Slide 13. Energy & Transportation sales increased by 20% to $5 billion. That included an 11%
sales increase in oil and gas, largely due to higher sales of reciprocating engine aftermarket parts, driven
in part by the addition of SPM Oil & Gas. Power generation sales improved by 18%, reflecting increased
sales for large reciprocating engine applications primarily for data centers. Industrial sales increased by
33% with demand across all regions. Transportation rose by 10% on higher rail services and marine sales.

Profit for E&T increased by 17% to $731 million. The improvement was due to the higher sales volume.
That was partially offset by a couple of factors, including the impact of short-term incentive compensation
and acquisition-related expenses primarily for SPM Oil & Gas. Higher freight costs were offset by
manufacturing efficiencies. The segment's operating margin declined by 30 basis points to 14.7%. With
regards to SPM Oil and gas, we do expect this to be a modest drag on margins for E&T for the remainder
of the year. This was the first full quarter since the acquisition, and it will take some time for the synergies

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

to be realized. We're very pleased with the acquisition and expect to see the full benefits of the acquisition
as we move forward.

On Slide 14, Financial Products revenue increased by 1% to $774 million as the portfolio remained
relatively constant. Segment profit remained strong, increasing by 64% year-over-year to $243 million,
which was about flat compared to the first quarter of 2021. The year-over-year profit increase was due to
a lower provision for credit losses at Cat Financial compared to the year ago quarter, which reflected the
absence of forecast of COVID-19-related impacts.

In addition, we had a higher net yield on average earning assets due to a favorable change in weighted
average interest rates and a favorable impact from returned or repossessed equipment benefiting from
higher demand for used equipment.

Our credit portfolio remains in good shape as indicators of customer health are all positive. Past dues
continued to improve to 2.58%, down 116 basis points year-on-year and down 32 basis points compared
to the first quarter. Credit applications remained strong as well, up 5% compared to the second quarter of
2020 and up 9% compared to the first quarter. New business volume continues to trend up, led by North
America. Requests for loan modifications have returned to historical trends.

Moving to Slide 15. We're confident that, in 2021, we'll achieve our Investor Day target for ME&T free cash
flow of $4 billion to $8 billion. ME&T free cash flow was $1.7 billion in the second quarter compared to
$500 million last year. The increase in ME&T free cash flow reflected higher profit, offset in part by a $500
million sequential increase in Caterpillar inventory in the second quarter of 2021. The inventory increase is
primarily in components and work-in-process inventory and reflects strengthening end-user demand and
our response to supply chain challenges.

ME&T free cash flow has been $3.4 billion year-to-date, benefiting from higher profits as well as the
absence of paying short-term incentive compensation in the first quarter. We continue to maintain a solid
liquidity position in support of our strong mid-day credit rating. The company ended the period with $10.8
billion of enterprise cash.

We've said that we intend to return substantially all of our ME&T free cash flow to shareholders through
the cycles. We've said that we will do it through a combination of dividends and share repurchases,
preserving our balance sheet to fund additional growth initiatives and mergers and acquisitions.

In the past 3 years, we've returned on average 106% of our ME&T free cash flow to shareholders. This
quarter, we announced we'll increase our quarterly dividend by 8% to $1.11 per share, which is about
$600 million a quarter. I'm happy to say we expect to extend our status as a dividend aristocrat for
another year.

We repurchased about $250 million of our common shares this quarter. We have about $4.6 billion
remaining under the current share repurchase authorization. We expect to continue to repurchase shares
in the second half and intend to at least offset absolute dilution from shares issued during the year.

As Jim mentioned, there's no change to our current practice relating to guidance. However, as we've been
doing, we are providing color on the upcoming quarter to give you a sense of what we're expecting to
happen.

Moving to Slide 16. Again, we expect to achieve our Investor Day targets for adjusted operating profit
margins in 2021 despite reinstating the short-term incentive compensation program. That's now projected
to be a headwind of $1.5 billion for the year or about 300 basis points of pressure on margins. We expect
stronger sales than normal seasonality would imply. The growth rate in sales to users should continue to
accelerate in the third quarter when compared to the prior year and should be significantly higher than the
15% rate we saw in the current quarter.

In Construction Industries, we expect improvement in residential and nonresidential construction demand
to continue. As we discussed last quarter, we see tougher comparisons in China. Resource Industries end
user demand should see support from both mining and heavy construction and quarry and aggregates.
We also expect Energy & Transportation sales to increase on stronger underlying demand. All of this

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

is expected to lead to good volume growth in the third quarter, even while we manage supply chain
challenges. As we told you last quarter, and as Jim mentioned today, whilst dealers are independent
businesses and make their own decisions about their inventory, we don't expect a significant benefit from
restocking in 2021.

Third quarter margins are expected to be stronger than the prior year with leverage from strong volume
more than offsetting the impact of green stating short-term incentive compensation. However, we
anticipate third quarter margins to moderate versus the second quarter as we see some cost headwinds
in the second half of the year. Within machines, we currently expect price to offset higher manufacturing
costs in 2021.

In the second quarter, price was strongly positive, reflecting strong geographic mix benefits and higher
price realization. We did put through price increases from machines at the end of the second quarter,
which will be positive, but geographic mix will be less of a benefit. Although we did take pricing actions,
we do expect higher manufacturing costs, which means that our gross margin percentage will be
moderately lower in the second half of the year versus the first half.

We should also see accelerated spend in SG&A and R&D in the back half of the year as business gets back
to normal. Specifically within Energy & Transportation, we expect some margin headwinds in the second
half of the year. As E&T is a lumpy business with varying margin structures across these applications, we
expect variability in both price and mix, particularly as larger deals were recognized into revenue.

In addition, as many of the E&T applications are expecting -- experiencing different levels of demand, we
did not put through additional price increases in the second half -- second quarter. So this means material
and freight cost increases will be a headwind for that segment.

In summary, on Slide 17. Demand continued to strengthen in the quarter, leading to strong volume
growth. Adjusted operating profit margins improved by 480 basis points driven by higher volumes, which
more than offset the nearly 300 basis headwind of short-term incentive compensation and the small
headwinds of supply chain disruption and material cost inflation.
Adjusted profit per share more than doubled in the quarter. We are confident in the outlook for our own
markets and expect to achieve our Investor Day margin and free cash flow targets. And with that, we'll
take your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse.
[Operator Instructions]

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I guess my first question, Jim, if you could just provide some more color on what you're seeing on the
supply chain side and when you expect some of the supply chain issues to ease. And I guess, to what
degree is your 2021 top line limited by supply chain or the inability to get product out the door?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thanks, Jamie. And first, we really appreciate the efforts of our employees to manage the challenges in
the supply chain. And one of the things that we're seeing, of course, is improving end-user demand is
adding pressure in the supply chain and on freight as well. And some of the supply chain challenges are
more broad-based that occurs in a normal upturn. I mean you think about the last upturn, we had casting
issues and some other individual component issues. This time, it's more broad-based than is typical.

Having said that, again, as we said in the last call, our team is working very hard to avoid or minimize
those supply chain challenges that would impact our ability to meet -- to fully meet improving customer
demand. We think that the impact to the second quarter was modest. And again, we're working very hard
to try to limit them. We haven't had some of the large factory shutdowns for weeks that you've read about
with some other industrial companies.

We've also taken some actions to do things like, with resins, we changed our material spec due to
shortages that were out there, and that helped us keep production going. Again, the majority of our
products for end users are delivered within the normal range of availability. Some of the bigger challenges
have been on the smaller products, BCP. A lot of those products are used in residential in North America.
So those are some of the bigger challenges we're having in terms of availability. But again, the majority
of our products for our end users are within the normal ranges. And we're working very closely with our
dealers to try to ensure that we meet actual customer demand.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. .

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Jim, Andrew, I'm wondering if we could just dig into the environmental goal targets that you just updated
us on in terms of when we look at just quantifying the mix of orders today that's either your autonomous
solutions and mining or zero emissions products in -- across the portfolio. Can you just help us quantify
where we stand now in terms of actually driving orders for those types of products for you folks today that
also improve and hit the environmental bills for your customers?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Jerry. You mentioned autonomy and the demand for autonomous products continues to be
quite strong, a lot of quotation activity going on. As I mentioned earlier, we currently are deploying
autonomous mining equipment in 18 different sites, 10 customers, 3 continents, for a whole variety of
commodities, iron ore, copper, oil sands, gold, coal mines. And so again, we believe that will continue to
grow at a rapid pace. We're also expanding our autonomous solutions to other support equipment like
dozers, drills, underground equipment and water trucks as well.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

In terms of zero emissions products, we're very focused and working closely with our customers to meet
their needs. We talked about the NMG announcement during the call here already this morning. That's
a great example of one where a customer has a need. They have a date, they have to meet, and we're
working very closely with them as their exclusive supplier with product and technologies to make it
happen. So again, we're working very closely to develop products to meet customer demand. And as you
can imagine, it's a big topic of discussion and focus by our leadership team and something we'll continue
to do moving forward.

And yet some of the goals we put out in our sustainability report, we talked about 100% of our new
products through 2030 will be more sustainable than the previous generation in some manner, and we're
very focused on doing that. So again, if you look at our Climate and Energy statement, it talks more
about some of our approaches and our specific goals for reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our own
operations. So again, our strategy here will work on greenhouse gas emissions and be more sustainable in
our own operations and are very focused on helping our customers meet their goals as well.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research.

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

I actually have a question on autonomy as well. The expansion of 18 sites is momentum for sure. You've
talked in the past about examples of where sites have saved 20% or 30% -- I think 30% productivity, so
not just a driver but mining more with less cost less time, less waste, et cetera. I wonder if you have any
update on just as you've expanded, is that consistent? Are you seeing that -- you mentioned a bunch of
different sites you're at, different minerals. Is that consistent across sites? And then is there a potential
at least for CAT to share in some of those savings? Do you sell in hardware at this point? Or do you have
developing revenue models with customers where you can promise greater productivity and share in some
of the benefit?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. Thank you, Rob. So that 30% productivity increase is actually something that was stated by a
customer not us. And so in our view, our customers are, in fact, seeing productivity gains, which is one of
the reasons that adoption continues to move forward. So I believe it's also -- it's really accelerating. So
it's clear that our customers are seeing the benefit or they wouldn't be continuing to put an autonomous
operation.

There's a variety of models that we have that we use with our customers. Typically, there's a monthly kind
of fee that we received. Of course, we sell the equipment to them as well. But again, commercial models
are very dependent upon individual customer negotiations.

Operator

Next question is from the line of David Raso with Evercore ISI.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just kind of near-term question. The supply chain issues, when we think of your normal, this historical
normal sequential revenue, 2Q-3Q, 3Q-4Q, given the supply constraints but balance, of course, demand
is strong. how should we expect the revenue cadence to be versus the historical norm of third quarter is
down about 5% and then the fourth quarter was back about 10%?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Yes. Thanks, David, and hi. Yes, obviously, what we are seeing, though, is this is an atypical year. And as
we've indicated, we don't necessarily expect a normal seasonable pattern between Q2 and Q3. Obviously,
underlying volumes, we do believe -- and particularly in end users -- we do expect to grow significantly
and that rate of growth to be higher than the 15% we saw in Q2. So that will mean that probably we don't
expect that normal pattern, and that's a factor which we have to look at. And obviously, at the moment,
we haven't updated about the fourth quarter, but we'll give you an update probably in October.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies.

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

My question is on Resource Industries, and I'm curious if you can give us any color in terms of the growing
backlog there on kind of machines relative to parts. And I'm just trying to think about sort of the mix of
that business going forward.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. Thank you, Stephen. So as we've mentioned over the last few quarters, we're bullish on the trend
in mining. We're seeing the robust quotation activity. We are seeing increased orders. We talked about
autonomy already this morning. We have seen certainly strength in aftermarket for mining, but we
also see strength in OE as well. So again, as utilization improves, as the energy transition drives higher
commodity prices, that is driving activity for us in both parts and OE.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Ross Gilardi with Bank of America.

Ross Paul Gilardi
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jim, I just had a question just on pipeline activity in general. I mean there seems to be pretty limited new
pipeline activity despite the run-up in energy prices. Would you agree with that? And are you seeing that
across your business? I mean maybe just talk about what you're seeing with solar and with construction
equipment and anything else as it relates to pipeline activity and then just comment on the choice not
to raise prices in E&T despite the cost pressure. Is there just too much excess capacity out there to risk
losing market share in the second half?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you. Thank you, Ross. As mentioned earlier, we do expect our -- our customers are displaying
capital discipline, and we expect that to continue. In terms of pipeline activity, our business, I believe, was
actually up in the second quarter. So that is one data point. Again, it's -- we'll see how the future unfolds
here in terms of oil and gas. We are -- we do feel good about a gradual turn in that business. Oil prices
are supportive of investment. But again, our customers are displaying that capital discipline.

There was a lot of strength in natural gas pipelines for a few years, and that tends to be a cyclical
business. I mean if you look back over the last 30 years, just in my experience, you go through periods of
very strong activity that followed by periods of lower activity. So again, it's a cyclical business. It goes up
and down. But for our business, we did see an improvement in the second quarter in pipeline versus the
first.

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

And on -- specifically on the price increase side, just given that the nature of the recovery within E&T is
slightly different from what we're seeing in CI and RI, where there's obviously a much stronger underlying

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

demand signals that you saw in the quarter, machines, STUs, end-user sales were up 20%, E&T was up
1%, they are in slightly different places. And therefore, it is a very logical decision to actually take the
view that, obviously, you don't want to put at risk recovery within the E&T market. So we'll take a little bit
of pain on price in the short term. However, obviously, within our construction businesses and then with
RI, we do expect overall price to more than offset manufacturing cost increases. And just remind you, in
manufacturing costs, significant amount of that is actually a step increase, which we would not price for as
well. And some of that is also going to impact E&T.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Mig Dobre with Baird.

Mircea Dobre
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Just looking at -- yes. Just looking to make sure that I have this straight. It sounds to me that you expect
revenues to be up sequentially in the third quarter relative to the second based on your end-user demand
commentary. In terms of the margin moderating sequentially, it's pretty clear that this is going to be the
case with Energy & Transportation. But will the other segment see a similar dynamic? And if so, can you
help us understand kind of moving pieces and why?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So overall, as we've indicated, we do expect the third quarter to be strong. And obviously, that will --
and effectively, STUs will be higher. The rate of growth in STUs will be higher in Q3 than Q2. We don't give
specific guidance on absolute revenue numbers, but obviously, we're giving you a little bit of color there.

As far as the margin, yes, E&T will moderate. That's an impact, as we said, of not putting price through.
Within CI and RI within the machines businesses, obviously, we've seen price benefit. Part of that price
benefit is geo-mix. Geo mix will come off a little bit. So there will be an offset between geo mix and price,
and that's really due to the mix of sales between the different geographies, which impacts geo-mix. So
price won't improve, but obviously, you will start seeing some material cost increases and probably some
increasing freight costs based on what we're seeing in the market today. That will be where the margin
pressure is on the machine side, both CI and RI.

Also, in addition, obviously, as I said, we do expect some increases in the underlying SG&A and R&D
spend as the return to work normalizes and some of the things like travel start opening up and we start
seeing some of those expenses come back.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Jairam Nathan with Daiwa.

Jairam Nathan
Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division

I just wanted to try to get your strategy on batteries and fuel cells. Recently, Wabtec announced an
agreement with GM, where they will be sourcing GM's fuel cells. So I just wanted to understand what your
strategy is on that. Would it be more internal? Or would you be open to external sources?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Well, thank you, Jairam, for your question. So you may recall that we introduced last year the first zero-
emission switch locomotive. And we sold that to a couple of customers, something we're excited about.
But we're very flexible, and we will do certain things ourselves, we'll do certain things with partners and
suppliers. But again, we're -- those discussions are ongoing, and we'll come up with -- as we do with all of
our products, some things, we'll make ourselves. Some things, we'll get from suppliers. Some things, we'll
get from partners, and we're working our way through that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Stanley Elliott with Stifel.

Stanley Stoker Elliott
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

A quick question around infrastructure and the timing of when you always see that. Certainly, lots of
discussion here in the U.S. But really elsewhere, those monies take some time to flow through the system.
Do you end up seeing end market demand pick up ahead of that and more concurrent with it? Just trying
to get a frame from when we could see that benefit.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Well, thank you for your question. And we already are seeing stronger heavy construction activity.
It's something we saw in the second quarter, and we expect that improvement to continue. So that is
irrespective of an infrastructure bill in the United States being passed. We're seeing improvement in
that business. It's being driven by a whole variety of things. If, in fact, there is an infrastructure deal,
always difficult to estimate timing. Typically, that helps the confidence of our customers, which helps our
business, but we are already seeing an improvement in our heavy construction activity. And as again, we
expect that strength to continue moving forward regardless of the dealer lot.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan..

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Maybe just back to your comments on the geographic mix in CI and RI being negative. I don't maybe fully
understand the CI comment, given the strength you're talking about in North America, in particular, just
your comment on the non-res sector; RI, maybe geographic mix, I can appreciate that. But maybe you
could just walk us through a comment on the negative mix in both of those segments as we go forward.

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Sorry, Ann, if I had to confuse you. It's actually not -- it's not negative, but it's sequentially lower, the
benefit of geo-mix. And most of that is obviously -- if you remember last year, when we looked at geo-
mix, there was a big move between -- obviously, China in the second half of the year was very strong
recovery. The U.S., we saw inventory reductions and softer demand. So there was a negative drag on geo-
mix.

First quarter, obviously, China was very strong in CI. The U.S. is slightly weaker. Obviously, now in the
second quarter, we've seen that turn around quite significantly, and that gave us a big benefit of geo-mix
in Q2. That will moderate because the relative gap of North America versus the other geographies will
actually diminish. So that's how it works, and that's why we think it will actually still be a benefit but will
be less positive than it was in Q2. However, we do expect the price increases we put through to offset
that. So we'll see other price realization mitigate that impact.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Can we just talk a little bit more about what's going on in China construction? And I guess what's driving
your confidence in a flat outcome for the year given the tough comps throughout the rest of the year? And
also if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing from a pricing perspective in that market?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

You bet. So just as a reminder, last year was a very strong market in China, very strong, and we saw a
very strong first quarter this year as well. We did see the industry decline modestly in the second quarter,
and that's, again, as we expected, and it's -- some policy normalization there drove that weakness. But
just based on everything we see, we are expecting the full year to be roughly flat to last year. But as a
reminder, that's a very healthy level because last year was so strong. So that's what we see.

I mentioned earlier about the fact that our GX models have been well received. We're very pleased at that
product introduction. It is a competitive market. You asked about pricing. It's a competitive market. But
again, by introducing new products, by continuing to build out our dealer network, we're confident in our
ability to continue to be able to compete in China.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Joel Tiss with BMO.

Joel Gifford Tiss
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Can you give us an idea how much dealer inventory is needed to get back to more normalized levels? I
know it's a moving target. And also, is that more of a catching up in 2022 or the way things look today,
that some of that might leak into 2023?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Joel, thanks. This is Andrew. I mean, obviously, as we said, we expect this year not to see any significant
benefit from dealer restocking. Obviously, and our prioritization given some of the supply chain challenges
is absolutely meeting end-user demand. Obviously, we need to see how things pan out in 2022. Again,
we will always prioritize making sure that we are meeting end-user demand over increasing inventory in
the dealer channel. Obviously, that will be something we will continue to work with our dealers on, making
sure that they do it. So it's way too early to predict whether -- when dealer inventory will rise. Obviously,
we will continue to monitor that, and we'll update you as we go through every quarter.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. .

Kristen E. Owen
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

This is Kristen on for Noah. I wanted to follow up on the mining activity and some of the quoting that you
talked about. You indicated that it's driving that strength more than mining. Just given commodity basket
near historic highs, the high utilization that you talked about, conditions seem really right for a significant
mining up cycle. So as you talk to our customers, what's holding the end market back at this point? And
when do you think that spending breaks loose?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Good morning, Kristen. Thanks for your question. Well, as we've been discussing for several quarters,
mining, we've been bullish on the long-term trend in mining. And we are seeing an improvement in that
business. It does tend to be lumpy, but again, the trend is quite positive. So I wouldn't say anything is
holding it back. It's really manifesting itself much as we've been predicting for the last 3 or 4 earnings
calls, a steady improvement in mining, and it's continuing to happen. So again, a lot of quotation activity.
It's a -- our customers are always very focused on capital discipline. But having said that, utilization is
high. Parked trucks are low across all regions. Commodity prices, as you indicated, are quite strong. So
it's turning out as we expected, which is a steady, gradual improvement in mining, and we're very pleased

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

with that. Honestly, that kind of a profile, I think, is better for everybody than a spike-ups and then a drop
and a spike-up and a drop. So we'd love to see that steady improvement.

Operator

And your final question for today comes from Chad Dillard with Bernstein.

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

So a couple of questions for you, first, more near term. Can you quantify the material and freight costs
for the second half and then 2021? And then longer term, can you just talk about your conversations with
the mining customers on electric drive equipment? By when do you think there's broader adoption? What
are you thinking in terms of like parts intensity versus internal combustion? And what, if any, new revenue
streams could there be from that transition?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So obviously, we do not give a guidance on what we think the cost will be. As we said, we do think
they will be higher in the second half. Again, just to remind you, price will be about the same. We expect
for the full year for machines for price to more than offset increases in manufacturing costs, and the
increases in manufacturing costs also include short-term incentive compensation, which, again, is not
only higher versus last year but it was also above our baseline level given the results we have. So it is
a moving part. There's lots of bits of moving parts within there. Absorption rates have an impact and so
forth as well. So overall, though, yes, they are increasing. They are pressured. However, probably, we
don't see -- it's more that we saw such strong favorability. Remember, Q1, we actually had material costs
-- manufacturing costs were favorable. And also, we saw very minimal price. We saw stronger price in
Q2, and the small increase in manufacturing costs. That just means that the manufacturing cost will get
greater and more sort of mitigate, offset some of that price we've seen. So that gives you a sort of range
to work to.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

And in answer to your mining question, we're working very closely with our customers to help them
achieve their sustainability goals. There's a wide variety of different approaches, as you can imagine,
between -- from customer to customer but also from geography to geography as well. And so there's no
one answer to that. And we're working very closely with our customers. Announcements will be made
at the appropriate time. We had one in NMG this quarter. It's just an example of some of the things that
we're doing to support our customers. So again, it will -- those adoption rates will vary geographically and
by customer.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

Okay. And with that, we'll conclude our Q&A session. Now let me turn the call back over to Jim Umpleby.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Well, thanks, everyone. Really appreciate you joining the call this morning. And thank you for all your
questions. We continue to focus on executing our strategy for long-term profitable growth, which, as you'll
recall, will include services, expanded offerings and operational excellence. Congratulations to our team.
We had a strong quarter. We're pleased that there's strengthening demand coming from all regions, and
we're optimistic about our ability to solve the challenges that arise and also to continue supporting our
customers as they move forward. Thank you again.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Thanks, Jim. We'll close with a few final reminders. A replay of our call will be available online later this
morning. We'll also post a transcript on the Investor Relations website later today. If you look there
now, you'll find the second quarter results video with our CFO and an SEC filing with our sales to users
data, click on investors.caterpillar.com and then click on Financials to view those materials. If you have
any questions, please reach out to Rob or me. You can reach Rob at rengel_rob@cat.com and we have
driscoll_jennifer@cat.com. The Investor Relations general phone number is (309) 675-4549. We hope you
enjoy the rest of your day, and have a fun weekend. Now I'll turn it back to Whitney to conclude the call. .

Operator
That does conclude today's conference call. Thank you, everybody, for joining.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

