CDW Corporation NasdaqGS:CDW
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, November 02, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.51

1.83

Revenue  (mm)

4573.66

4756.40

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-01-2020 5:10 PM GMT

21.19

4.00

1.37

5.82

6.37

4277.42

17617.95

18457.44

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.48

1.38

1.38

1.51

1.57

1.38

1.56

1.83

6.08 %

0.00 %

13.04 %

21.19 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brittany A. Smith
Vice President of Investor
Relations, Financial Planning &
Analysis

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Zhen Yang
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Paul Coster
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the CDW Third Quarter 2020 Earnings
Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Brittany Smith, VP of IR and FP&A.
Please go ahead.

Brittany A. Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations, Financial Planning & Analysis

Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me remotely today to review our third quarter financial
results are Chris Leahy, our Chief Executive Officer; and Collin Kebo, our Chief Financial Officer.

Our third quarter earnings release was distributed this morning and is available on our website,
investor.cdw.com, along with supplemental slides that you can use to follow along during the call.

I'd like to remind you that certain comments made in this presentation are considered forward-looking
statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements are subject
to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information
concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in the earnings release and Form 8-K we furnished to
the SEC today and in the company's other filings with the SEC. CDW assumes no obligation to update the
information presented during this webcast.

Our presentation also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP operating income
and non-GAAP earnings per share. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the most directly
comparable GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts in the slides for
today's webcast and in our earnings release and Form 8-K we furnished to the SEC today.

Please note that all references to growth rates or dollar amount increases in our remarks today are versus
the comparable period in 2019, unless otherwise indicated. In addition, all references to growth rates for
hardware, software and services today represent U.S. net sales only and do not include the results from
CDW U.K. or Canada.

Replay of this webcast will be posted to our website later today. I also want to remind you that this
conference call is a property of CDW and may not be recorded or rebroadcast about specific written
permission from the company.

With that, let me turn the call over to Chris.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Brittany. I'll begin this morning with an overview of third quarter results and drivers of
performance. I'll provide our perspectives on the current macro environment, its impact on our customer
end markets and how we are responding. Collin will then take you through a more detailed look at our
third quarter financials as well as our liquidity position and capital allocation strategy. We'll move quickly
through the prepared remarks to ensure we have plenty of time for questions.

For the third quarter, net sales were $4.8 billion, 3.1% below last year and down 3.3% in constant
currency. Non-GAAP operating income was $386 million, an increase of 1.5%. Non-GAAP net income per
share was $1.83, 8% above last year on a reported basis and up 7.7% in constant currency.

The quarter demonstrated the balance and strength of CDW's business model. The diversity of our
customer end markets served us well. For our most impacted customer end markets, the rate of decline
stabilized and generally improved in the quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Trends for our more resilient customer end markets continue to be strong. Our value proposition really
resonated with customers this quarter. There was a flight to quality as customers sought to derisk projects
and their technology investments. Our teams are trusted strategic partners to our customers. We compete
on value and advice, not only price.

We help customers this quarter across a spectrum of IT priorities. Customers were focused on remote
enablement, optimization, cost reduction, security and leveraging technology for better customer and
employee engagement through digital transformation, with an increasing focus on cloud.

Customer demand for Software as a Service increased almost 50% quarter-over-quarter. Customers
leveraged our cloud solutions capabilities, further bolstered by our acquisition of IGNW at the beginning of
the quarter.

Our solutions business strengthened this quarter, as some customers resumed projects that had been put
on hold earlier in the year, and others started new projects.

During the third quarter, we continued to leverage our distribution centers, extensive logistics capabilities,
deep vendor partner relationships and strong balance sheet and liquidity position to navigate supply
challenges. We successfully procured supply in high-demand categories and managed through longer lead
times for others.

Now let's take a deeper look at the customer and market performance. Corporate declined 13%, markedly
better than May and June. Solutions strengthened, increasing low single digits year-over-year. The
significant quarter-over-quarter improvement in solutions reflected customers restarting infrastructure and
project engagement. Transactional projects were down double digits, as spending on remote enablement
moderated.

Small Business also declined 13%, a considerable improvement versus the second quarter. Most
product categories declined less this quarter as Small Business customers remained focused on remote
enablement, security, cost management and optimization.

The Government team increased net sales high single digits. Federal delivered another strong quarter, with
net sales up mid-single digits.

During the quarter, our Device as a Service solution for the U.S. Census Bureau contributed less
incremental growth than other quarters since the majority of last year's revenue was recognized in the
third quarter. We are in the final phase of the project. Data collection has ended, and devices are returning
to us for decommissioning. Our team has done an excellent job navigating the complexity of this program
from the very start.

Outside of Defense's project, the federal team continued to help civilian agencies with remote enablement
and device refresh. Some Department of Defense solution projects got pushed to future quarters,
dampening performance.

The state and local teams delivered high single-digit growth. IT investments continued to be a priority for
public safety. In some cases, budget was reallocated to support technology initiative. Our team helped
customers enable remote capabilities, enhance security and optimize technology assets.

Education increased over 30%, with excellent growth in both K-12 and higher ed. In K-12, customers
continue to focus on equity and access for students. K-12 growth was driven by strong notebook results
and related accessories, security and software as well as cloud solutions to support remote learning.
Higher ed performance strengthened this quarter as schools turned to us to leverage our extensive
logistics capabilities and optimize technology to teach a new format.

Healthcare declined about 25% as budget pressures continue to impact spending. Customers are spending
where they have to, in areas like security and software. Otherwise, projects were still on hold during this
quarter.

Other, which represents our U.K. and Canadian operations, decreased 8% on a reported basis. U.K. net
sales declined high single digits in constant currency. U.K.'s corporate and public channels declined as

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

government support programs ramped down during the quarter. Canada net sales decreased low double
digits in constant currency, an improvement compared to second quarter performance, as some corporate
projects came off hold and education remained strong driven by remote learning needs.

As you can see, our third quarter performance benefited from the diversity of our customer base. It
also benefited from our deep and broad product portfolio. We were able to meet the varied and shifting
demands of our customers.

U.S. hardware was down low to mid-single digits, with client devices declining 2% due to desktop
performance. Notebook growth was still strong driven by our public sector.

Software increased low single digits, and software gross profit increased strong double digits, reflecting
the impact of mixing into Software as a Service.

Services grew high single digits driven by strong professional services. Transactions were down slightly on
top of last year's mid-teens growth.

Solutions declined low single digits, a significant improvement from last quarter's double-digit decline, as
some customers restarted infrastructure and larger project engagement.

We again delivered strong growth in our cloud practice. Cloud customer spend increased double digits
across all customer end markets driven by robust growth in security, collaboration, Infrastructure as a
Service and productivity. We expect strong customer demand for cloud solutions to continue.

Security also continues to be a top priority for customers. Security customer spend grew strong double
digits this quarter, as customers improve their security frameworks to respond to increasing threats.

Our third quarter operating and financial performance reflected the combined impact of our balanced
portfolio of customer end markets, our full suite of solutions and services across the IT landscape and
our ongoing success executing our 3-part strategy for growth. They are important drivers of our past and
future performance. Let me review each.

As you know, we have 5 U.S. sales channels: Corporate; Small Business; Government; Education;
and Healthcare. This scale enables us to further align sales teams into vertical customer end markets,
including federal government, state and local government, K-12 and higher education, providing us deep
industry knowledge and insights into our customers' objectives and goals and positioning us as a trusted
partner.

In addition, we have our U.K. and Canadian operations. The diversity of our customer end markets serve
us well when macro or other external challenges impact various industries and customers differently.

Next, our offerings are broad and deep. With over 100,000 products, services and solutions from more
than 1,000 vendor partners, we are well positioned to meet our customers' total needs across the
spectrum of IT and can pivot quickly to trends in customer demand. As I shared, the balance of our
customer end markets and our offerings are especially relevant in the current environment.

And the final driver of our performance to our 3-part strategy for growth, which is: first, to acquire new
customers and capture share; second, to enhance our solutions capabilities; and third, to expand our
services capabilities. Each pillar is crucial to our ability to profitably assess, design, deploy and manage
the integrated technology solutions our customers want and need today and in the future.

Today's environment strengthens our commitment to executing our strategy, so we will emerge stronger
than ever after this crisis.

Let me share a few examples of our strategy and action in how we helped customers this quarter. Our
K-12 team was extraordinarily busy this quarter. One reason was the award of a contract from the
Mississippi Department of Education to support its equity and distance learning program.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

This is one of the largest education technology initiative in the United States in the last decade funded via
the CARES Act. It will help close the technology gap and support all public school districts in the state by
providing students and teachers with secure devices and accessories backed by our services.

The team leveraged our logistical excellence, our broad services capabilities and our strong vendor partner
relationships to procure and deploy the devices in a supply-constrained environment, all done within a
very compressed time frame given the urgency. This is a great example of how our teams align with their
customers' missions and deliver creative solutions and differentiated value.

Digital transformation, in particular cloud adoption and integration, is a top priority for many of our
customers. Cloud creates complexity, especially if customers integrate their infrastructure, balancing
applications on-prem and in the cloud. Our team worked with a large retailer to develop its future state
business strategy for its on-premise and cloud platforms to operate as one. This is a great example of
where our services and products and solutions portfolio combine for the best outcome for our customers.
It also demonstrates the value IGNW brings to CDW and how we are leveraging its cloud-native service
expertise.

Another customer in our corporate channel had a problem with its incumbent primary IT partner, which
was exacerbated due to the pandemic. The IT Director urgently turned to his CDW account manager to
help move the company's employees to work from home when the other partner failed to deliver. The
account manager responded quickly and exceeded expectations, which has since resulted in the customer
moving all of its IT business to CDW.

Our team has also helped the customer develop a strong collaboration platform and is helping with a
variety of initiatives, including lowering IT costs, increasing flexibility of its on-premise backup storage,
evaluating cloud options, shoring up its security and augmenting its IT staff with CDW resources. Our
work here represents another example of how customers turn to us for a high level of customer service,
expertise across the full IT life cycle and thought leadership.

These examples highlight CDW's 3-part strategy for growth and how IT is crucial to achieving our
customers' objective. This quarter demonstrated the importance of our competitive advantages, the
success of past investments in cloud and security and our trusted partner relationships with customers. I
am proud of the way our teams continue to execute and deliver.

Let me now update you on our efforts to manage COVID-19's impact on our business. We remain focused
on 3 key principles: safeguard the health and well being of our coworkers; serve the mission-driven needs
of our customers; and support our communities. Our office coworkers are still working from home, and
the team has settled well into the new way of working. We expect most coworkers will be working from
home until the start of next summer. Coworker engagement, productivity and collaboration are strong, a
testament to the strength and resiliency of our culture.

We are planning for when and how to return to the office and where and how our coworkers will work
in the future. We will remain agile in this unpredictable environment. All distribution and configuration
centers are operational, and we maintain precautionary measures as advised by public health authorities.
These teams have done an exceptional job maintaining the high level of customer service we are known
for, while taking the necessary precautions.

Let's now turn to the fourth quarter. The macroeconomic outlook for the near term and for the foreseeable
future remains uncertain. Wildcards include the duration and severity of COVID-19, tomorrow's U.S.
elections, additional stimulus programs, supply disruptions and U.K. EU trade negotiations. Therefore,
we are not providing 2020 target. Q4-to-date writings trends for our corporate channel are in line with
Q3. Writings trends have improved for our Small Business channel. Public strength continues to be driven
by education and governance, offset by Healthcare. We are encouraged about our performance and how
our teams are executing. That said, we are also cautious about the macro environment. There are a lot
of unknowns and factors that we do not control. This is just a time of unprecedented uncertainty. Our
customers continue to be in various phases of responding to the macro environment. Some customers
remain focused on remote enablement and operational continuity. Others are moving forward with

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

organizational efficiency and optimization, and other customers are investing behind digital transformation
and on cloud.

It's important to remember that cloud is not an endpoint. Cloud is an element of our customers' IT
environment, and it adds complexity, which is a core to our value proposition. Our teams help our
customers with a full IT solution stack and full IT life cycle. We will continue to be trusted partners to
help our customers smartly deploy their IT resources, adopt modern software and infrastructure paternity
practices and solve some of their toughest challenges. We believe that technology will be more essential
to all sectors of the economy and will play an increasingly important role in the years to come. We have
confidence that we have the right strategy in place. The increase to our dividend and restarting of our
share buybacks that we announced today demonstrate the confidence that our Board of Directors and I
have in CDW's strategy and future performance. The investments we have made, including investments to
support our cloud and security practices, will enable us to continue to meet our customers' needs. We will
help our customers navigate the complex IT landscape and adopt new technologies.

While there is uncertainty in the near term, we believe we are making the right moves for long-term
success. We are committed to investing in our 3-part growth strategy, including the capabilities that will
position us to best serve our customers, optimize our productivity and enhance our competitive position.
Our role as a trusted strategic partner to our customers is more important now than ever. We will continue
to do what we do best: leverage our competitive advantages to help our customers address their IT
priorities and achieve their strategic objectives and out execute our competition.

Now Collin will share more details on our financial performance. Collin?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to provide more detail on our third quarter results,
liquidity position and capital allocation priorities.

Turning to our third quarter P&L on Slide 9. Consolidated net sales were $4.8 billion, down 3.1% on a
reported and average daily sales basis. In constant currency, consolidated net sales declined by 3.3%. On
an average daily sales basis, sequential sales increased 8.9% versus the second quarter. This was higher
than historical seasonality primarily due to the adverse impact of COVID-19 on second quarter results.

Our customer channels generally performed consistent with the demand and writing's commentary shared
on our last earnings call. Pockets of supply dislocation continued in the quarter, and we leveraged our
distribution capabilities and strong vendor partner relationships to procure the IT products and solutions
our customers needed for remote enablement, operations continuity and resource optimization.

Gross profit for the quarter was $826 million, an increase of 1.1%. Gross margin was 17.4%, up 80 basis
points over last year. The better-than-expected gross margin expansion was driven by product margin and
mixing into netted down revenues, primarily Software as a Service, which more than offset mixing into
public.

Turning to SG&A on Slide 10. Our non-GAAP SG&A increased 0.7%. The increase was primarily driven by
higher payroll costs from the acquisitions of Aptris and IGNW, and COVID-19 expenses to safeguard and
compensate frontline coworkers, partially offset by continued savings measures, including decreased travel
and entertainment and hiring restrictions.

In September, to ensure the alignment of our cost structure and resources to best position CDW for future
growth, we reduced our workforce by approximately 2%. Our realignment measures enable us to continue
to evolve with customers' most important priorities, ensuring capacity in high-demand areas to support
future growth and to continue investing in the business to emerge stronger from the crisis. We recorded a
charge of $8.5 million, which you can see in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation on Slide 10.

Coworker count at the end of the quarter was 9,980, down 68 from the second quarter, reflecting the
realignment measures and restrictions on hiring and backfills, partially offset by IGNW. Year-over-year
coworker count increased to 137 primarily driven by the Aptris and IGNW acquisitions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

GAAP operating income was $318 million, down 0.9%. Our non-GAAP operating income, which better
reflects operating performance, was $386 million, up 1.5%. Non-GAAP operating income margin was
8.1%.

Moving to Slide 11. Interest expense was $40 million, down 5.1%. The decrease was primarily due to a
lower LIBOR rate on the term loan.

Our GAAP effective tax rate, shown on Slide 12, was 22.7% for both the third quarter 2020 and 2019. This
resulted in third quarter tax expense of $57 million compared to $59 million last year. To get to our non-
GAAP effective tax rate, we adjust taxes consistent with non-GAAP net income add-backs, including excess
tax benefits associated with equity-based compensation, which is shown on Slide 13. For the quarter, our
non-GAAP effective tax rate was 23.3%, down 250 basis points versus last year's rate. The rate decrease
is primarily related to a onetime impact of state tax refunds and reduced global intangible low tax income
and nondeductible expenses due to recent IRS regulations.

As you can see on Slide 14, with third quarter weighted average diluted shares outstanding of 145 million,
GAAP net income per share was $1.33, down 2.6%. Our non-GAAP net income was $265 million in the
quarter, up 6.2% compared to last year. Non-GAAP net income per share was $1.83, up 8% from last year.

Turning to year-to-date results on Slides 15 through 20. Revenue was $13.5 billion, an increase of 0.1%
on a reported basis and down 0.4% on an average daily sales basis, as we had one extra selling day in
the first quarter of 2020. The extra selling day will reverse in Q4 when we have one fewer selling day
compared to prior year. On a constant currency average daily sales basis, year-to-date consolidated net
sales were down 0.3% from prior year.

Gross profit was $2.3 billion, up 3%, and gross profit margin was 17.2%, up 40 basis points.

Operating income was $847 million, and non-GAAP operating income was $1 billion, up 0.2%. Net income
was $550 million and non-GAAP net income was $691 million, up 2.6%. Non-GAAP net income per share
was $4.77, up 5.2%.

Turning to the balance sheet on Slide 21. As of September 30, cash and cash equivalents were $1.25
billion and net debt was $2.7 billion. Liquidity continues to be strong with cash plus revolver availability of
approximately $2.2 billion.

Year-to-date, free cash flow was $837 million, as shown on Slide 22. This is higher-than-normal
seasonality, and above last year's $590 million primarily due to higher cash profit and lower investment in
working capital this year. A portion of the better-than-normal seasonality is working capital timing that we
expect to reverse over the next few quarters.

Moving to Slide 23. The 3-month average cash conversion cycle was 16 days, down 1 day from last year's
third quarter. While cash collections were solid in the quarter, DSO increased 5 days driven by the strength
of netted down items such as Software as a Service, mixing into some larger public customers who can
take longer to pay and certain commercial customers extending payments. DPO increased 6 days driven
by the strength in netted down items and mixing into vendors with extended payment terms.

In the quarter, we returned $54 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and did not repurchase
any stock.

Turning to capital allocation priorities on Slide 24. As Chris noted, we announced earlier today that the
Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.40 per share to be paid on December 10 to all
shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 25. This represents a 5.3% increase over
the current dividend.

We also announced that we will be resuming share repurchases this quarter. The dividend and share
repurchase actions reflect our strong liquidity position, net leverage below the target range and the free
cash flow generation capability of the business. The decision to return capital to shareholders is consistent
with our capital allocation priorities, which are: first, increase the dividend in line with non-GAAP net
income. The annual dividend of $1.60 is approximately 25% of trailing 12-month non-GAAP net income

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

through September. The Q4 2020 dividend marks the seventh consecutive year of increases since our
initial public offering in 2013, with the dividend growing at a compound annual growth rate of 38% from
its initial level. We will continue targeting a 25% payout ratio going forward, growing the dividend in line
with earnings.

Second, ensure we have the right capital structure in place with a targeted net leverage ratio of 2.5 to 3x.
We ended the quarter at 1.8x, below the low end of the range.

Our third capital allocation priority is to supplement organic growth with strategic acquisitions. We closed
on IGNW at the beginning of the third quarter and remain active in evaluating targets and will seek to be
opportunistic in this environment. Any decision to deploy capital for acquisitions will be a function of our
usual screens, strategic rationale, operating and cultural fit and financial return.

Fourth, as I've previously mentioned, we are resuming our share repurchase program. Going forward, we
expect to move closer to our target net leverage range through a combination of organic investments,
M&A and/or returning greater than 100% of free cash flow to shareholders. As we always do, and
particularly in this uncertain environment, we'll closely monitor the macroeconomic environment, our
liquidity, working capital and leverage and adjust as needed.

Lastly, on the topic of capital, we intend to continue capital expenditure investments in the business. We
believe it's important to continue prudently investing in the capabilities that will allow us to better serve
customers, drive productivity and ultimately emerge from this crisis in a stronger competitive position.

We previously withdrew our 2020 targets and will not be providing an updated financial outlook. But
consistent with the last 2 quarters, I wanted to provide insights into what we're seeing roughly one month
into the fourth quarter from a demand, supply and operating perspective.

On the demand side, activity continues to be mixed across customer end markets. In Corporate, October
writings declined in line with the level of Q3 writing declines. In Small Business, October writings improved
from Q3 levels. And in Public, October writings were up year-over-year driven by continued strength
in Education and Government, partially offset by declines in Healthcare. While encouraging, as Chris
mentioned, we believe it's premature to extrapolate October writings over the balance of the quarter
given the wildcards of COVID-19, the election, stimulus and supply. We expect commercial customers to
continue to be cautious.

As I previously mentioned, we have one fewer selling day in the fourth quarter, which adversely impacts
quarterly profit growth by approximately 200 basis points. On the supply side, we continue to navigate
through a fluid environment with pockets of dislocation, extending lead times in certain categories.
Notebook supply, particularly lower-end devices, such as Chromebooks is tight. Also freight challenges
may develop as we get closer to the holidays. On the operating front, all distribution centers continue to
be operational.

Finally, I want to provide an update on the Device as a Service solution to the U.S. Census Bureau. The
contribution to third quarter net sales was in line with expectations as we had deployed all the devices into
the field. The contribution to incremental growth was less than preceding quarters, since the majority of
last year's revenue was recognized in the third quarter. As Chris mentioned, data collection for the U.S.
Census has ended, and we are in the final phases of the project.

Devices are returning to us for decommissioning. From a financial perspective, this year, we now expect
the Census to contribute up to approximately 180 basis points of incremental net sales growth over 2019.
On an absolute basis, we currently expect the Census to contribute over 230 basis points of net sales in
2020. The collection and decommissioning timing remain fluid, so we could see some net sales shift into
the first quarter of 2021.
That concludes the financial summary. With that, I'll ask Jacqueline to open it up for questions. [Operator
Instructions] Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Tim Yang from Citi.

Zhen Yang
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

In the past 3 years, your Q4 gross margin was higher than Q3. When we think about Q4 this year, I think
your mix should be better on a quarter-over-quarter basis given the recovery, so your gross margin should
be better sequentially. Is that the right way to think about your gross margin for Q4 this year?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Tim, thanks for joining the call. We're not going to provide guidance on the Q4 outlook. I guess, what
I would just share on your observation is that, historically, Q3 has been a seasonally high sales quarter
driven by strength in Education and Government, which tend to have lower gross margin. So I think
what's happening historically is coming off of that seasonally high quarter where we mix into Government
and Education, you come off of that into Q4, and that's why you had seen the gross margin tick up
historically.

I think even what's happening in the marketplace right now, particularly in Education, all bets are off on
normal seasonality. So I would just offer those thoughts.

Zhen Yang
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got you. And then regarding your Q4 corporate and SMB writing commentaries, I think you mentioned the
decline similar to last quarter. And then last quarter, I think the decline was roughly mid-teens -- down
mid-teens on a year-over-year basis.

We have seen many supply chain companies mentioned that projects are coming back. I was wondering
like why you're not seeing that improvements in your SMB and Corporate business. Is that more just a
conservatism or just like your visibility is not quite improving compared to last quarter?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Tim, it's Chris. And yes, I would say that we saw a nice increase in our solutions project-based business.
We had mentioned on the last call that customers had continued to pause on moving forward. They were
in planning stages. We did see more customers, both in our corporate space and small business space
start to move forward on infrastructure projects, for example, in larger projects.

I would say on the Corporate side, there's still caution, and they're not quite as nimble as small business
organizations generally have a lot more kind of bureaucracy and approvals to get through, so that seems
to be going a little slower. But certainly, we're seeing some pickup in both of those segments.

Operator

Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani from Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I just have 2 as well. Just first to just clarify the writings discussion. I think the way you guys
characterized this is on the Corporate side, things are about stable or they were about what they were
in the June -- in the September quarter so far. And then SMB starting to improve. The pace of clients are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

starting to ease up. I want to make sure I got that right. And then any sense on how transactional versus
solutions is trending from a writings basis so far?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Amit, it's Chris. Yes, you read that right. You got that exactly right on the writings the way we described it,
but we're not splitting out writings for solutions versus transactions.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. I guess, maybe I would ask you a different one then. If you could talk about what percent of your
gross profit dollars today in the September quarter are agency based or reoccurring in nature. And as you
think longer term, it would be really helpful to understand what does the growth rate look like for that
gross profit dollar bucket versus the overall company. And then what are the key components within this
agency and vehicle revenue stream that you have?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Amit, yes, netted down items were approximately 30% of total gross profit dollars in the quarter, which
is one of the higher numbers we've seen, and that really reflects the strong mix into cloud, specifically
Software as a Service that both Chris and I talked about in our prepared comments. Included in that
bucket is cloud, security software and other software offerings that net down warranties. Those would be
the primary things that you would see in that bucket.

In terms of how that trends over time, I think we would expect customers to continue moving into cloud
and to -- we expect strong demand for security software, so I think we would expect solid growth in that
bucket.

I think the wildcard, again, in terms of where it goes is what happens to the hardware part of the
business. Obviously, that's been a little bit more challenged in the COVID environment. In the preceding
3 years, it was very strong. So I think exactly where that mix goes is probably more a function of how
hardware gross profit trends over the next couple of quarters and years.

Operator

your next question comes from Adam Tindle from Raymond James.

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Chris, I just wanted to start on the decision to resume share repurchases and how we should read into
that. You still have over $2 billion of liquidity. You're well below your optimal leverage levels. And previous
discussions before COVID, you were not precluding yourself from a larger-size acquisition, $1 billion-plus
type of an acquisition. So I guess, the question would be wondering if you could maybe share your latest
thoughts on the M&A, its landscape and how that's evolved.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes, yes. Sure, Adam. Well, the decision to restart our buybacks is a real reflection on both our confidence
in our strategy and performance of views going forward, in addition, obviously, to our strong free cash
flow and liquidity position.

On M&A, in particular, I'll repeat what I've said over the last few quarters. We are actively looking to invest
prudently to supplement high-growth technology areas. You've seen us do a couple of acquisitions recently
in ServiceNow capabilities and cloud-native capabilities, both of which have been taken up very well by our
sales organization and really solidifying our adviser position with our customers. Those are the types of
acquisitions we'll continue to look at and do look at.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

I would tell you, Adam, that there -- that the market itself feels a little more buoy. Organizations are
out -- open to discussion now more than I'd say they were a couple of months ago. But as you know our
lenders, we look for those that fit our capabilities, our strategic capabilities, our culture and operating
model and then ultimately make financial sense.

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. Maybe just as a follow-up, I wanted to ask on OpEx. I think if I have it right, you
previously talked about letting attrition run its course. Looks like demand is kind of turning the corner a
little bit. EBITDA margin was very healthy in the quarter. So I just wanted some more color on why reduce
the workforce. I know it's not a significant number in and of itself, but a little bit unusual for CDW to do
that. So maybe more color. Did expectations for future growth change? Why would you undertake that?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Adam, it's a great question, and you're right. Those are hard decisions for CDW, in particular. It's just
the second time in our history that we've reduced the workforce and reduced it by a bit, about 2%. But
really, this was all about ensuring alignment of our cost structure and resources to best position us for the
future.

So we really need to ensure we've got the resources to continue to evolve with customers in their most
important priorities. We wanted to make sure that there's capacity in high-demand areas to support
the future growth and continue investing in those more emerging areas. So while we have cut back in
positions, we also are hiring in those areas that we think are critical to our future growth.

Operator

Your next question comes from Matt Cabral from Crédit Suisse.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Chris, you mentioned a lot of moving pieces out there from a macro standpoint in your prepared remarks.
And clearly, your spend this year is below trend from an IT spending point of view.

I guess, just thinking about looking forward, curious if you think customers are sitting now at this point
with a meaningful amount of pent-up demand as we head into next year as you maybe help turn things
around or if there's risk that this more sluggish demand environment continues as we start getting into
next year.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Matt, look, I think, if it's possible to have both, I would say, yes,to both. Why do I say that? Because I
think until this medical problem is resolved, it's going to -- it'll be very difficult to have a clear trajectory of
the economic environment, and that has an impact, obviously, uncertainty and actions that our customers
are taking. So it's just murky, and that murkiness makes it very difficult to predict.

I certainly think that we have 2 things. We have pent-up demand, and we have customers who are,
frankly, pressing advantage, who are buying technology and implementing technology at a higher pace
to press their advantage. But as far as pent-up demand, I think the real question becomes when are
customers feeling -- when are they feeling comfortable enough to make larger investments, and I just
think that's incredibly difficult to predict.

What we're doing is staying close with the customers. You heard us talk about the complete spectrum
of IT that we're providing, and we're just making sure that they get what they need, when they need it
better than anyone else in the industry can do it. But it's hard for me to predict the future given the murky
nature of the current outlook.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. And then looking by vertical, Education was clearly the standout in the quarter. I wonder if you
could talk a little bit more about just what you're seeing there and how sustainable you think those
tailwinds are just particularly relative to the ability to actually get enough supply to meet demand going
forward.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes, it's a great question. The supply has been an issue, but we've been doing very well with our suppliers
to get more than our fair share to help education institutions. This is -- it's unfortunate when we can't
get the supply to the schools at the very start of the school year, but we have been moving a very large
amount of product through our configuration center and out to the schools.

I think what you're going to see, Matt, is demand in Q3 will continue to see Q4 because of the supply
chain constraints and because of the carryover from Q3. We might see a little bit flow into next year, but
it feels like that -- this is really a 2020 pull-forward, if you will. A lot of organizations have been looking at
equity and access needed in the plans that they were making over a couple of year period, and it feels like
it literally got pulled into 2020 this year.

Yes, that said, Matt, I would tell you that there will be opportunities, obviously, going forward around
things like collaboration and other areas to fortify the remote work requirements as we think forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America.

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just wanted to ask a high-level question first. As we've seen new restrictions and lockdown measures in
Europe, can you just give us your thoughts on that? And also how many -- what percent of your workforce
is now working from home? And do you think CDW is in a better position to handle if there's a resurgence
in COVID and lockdowns?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Ruplu, thank you. Yes, I think that we have to be cautious in all the locations where we start to see more
restrictions and lockdown, and for a couple of reasons and for a couple of segments. I think in the U.K.,
as you know, we have some government stimulus money that is rolling off, and that is tending to have
an impact that we're seeing. Add to that lockdowns and the economic commercial impact that has, we do
worry about that.

That said, we still have customers, as I said before, who are digitally advanced and really pressing their
advantage and absolutely moving forward with some larger projects.

Across the U.S., I would also say that, cautiously, as you look over the last week or so, and the trajectory
and uptick in cases is worrisome as different states potentially are moving backwards in their restrictions
and lockdown.

So look, as I said, I'm so encouraged by the team and the execution and the performance of this team,
but I'm highly cautious about the exogenous factors that we can't impact. As far as work from home, look,
the team settled in. This is a performance-oriented organization, and they -- everybody went home. We
got ourselves set up, and we are off to the races.

I give our coworker services and sales leadership a huge kudos for figuring out very quickly creative ways
to drive productivity, connectivity and human touch, both across our sales organizations and with our
customers, and they've been doing just great.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. I appreciate all the color there. Chris, I wanted to ask you also on the Device as a Service project.
Now that the Census project is coming to an end, what's the plan for those devices? And can you reuse
them in some other program? And how do you see the Device as a Service business growing over the next
couple of years?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Ruplu, I'm going to take that one. Yes, so we are winding up the Device as a Service offering to Census.
Those devices are coming back to CDW for decommissioning, and what we will do then is turn around and
resell those to a remarketer. And we have plans in place to go ahead and execute against that.

In terms of Devices as a Services and offering, I think that will continue to be an opportunity for CDW.
Clearly, we have competitive advantages and our ability to bundle integrated solutions across multiple
vendors, integrating services as well as our logistics capabilities. And I think what we're doing for the
state of Mississippi Department of Education is just another flavor of our ability to deliver that value to
customers. And in a world where being able to work productively remotely from anywhere is becoming
increasingly important, I think that's going to be an important part of our growth drivers going forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from Shannon Cross from Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

I'm wondering about the customer demand for staff. And specifically -- or actually just netted down
revenue in general, how much of this revenue is coming from sort of applications versus utilization of the
cloud for data storage and processing? I'm just trying to figure out where customers are in their cloud
progression. And then I have a follow-up.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Shannon, I guess, let me start where customers are in their cloud progression, and I would say that
it's the full spectrum. We don't break out application versus consumption usage in those numbers. But
I would just tell you that we have customers that are across the full spectrum, small customers fully
on cloud, high consumption medium and large customers who are dealing with heavily cloud-oriented
applications, but on-prem legacy applications that just don't work in the cloud, and we're working with
them in terms of modernizing their data center infrastructure to create one cloud environment, if you will,
between their public on-prem private and on-prem legacy work.

So it's really hard, I think, to say where customers stand because they're on quite a spectrum. What I
can say is they are all moving to some form of a cloud environment. And when I say cloud environment, I
don't mean landing in the cloud because the cloud is not a place, that it's more an operating system. It's a
pattern, not a place. And it delivers an experience, not a destination.

So what we see ourselves involved in is that planning and design accelerated by this accelerated digital
environment to determine what best cloud environment works for a customer, taking into consideration
not just the benefit of a cloud-like environment, agility, flexibility, scalability, but also the cost issues and
the legacy technology that they have to deal with.

So I'm sorry, that's a long-winded answer, but we're selling the spectrum. We're helping customers with
the spectrum, and our comprehensive fleet of capabilities allows us to do that wherever a customer is on
their cloud journey.

Shannon Siemsen Cross

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Cross Research LLC

Okay. And then maybe on a segment basis, can you talk about where customers are versus like new
projects versus continuing to work on remote enablement and continuity? I know you mentioned with
Education, you think it's going to kind of lined up by the end of this year and then -- or at least hopefully
get -- be done pretty much by then.

But SMB and maybe enterprise, are you seeing customers still really focused on just making sure their
employees have end devices and connectivity? Or do you feel like that's kind of done and now people are
moving back to, I don't know, prior investments or new opportunities?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Shannon, it's a mix across segments. If you look at Corporate, for example, we have seen the
work from home moderate a bit. And what I mean by that is the notebook devices and the rush to get
everybody working from home. I suspect in that segment, for example, we're going to have to see what
work in the future looks like and when and how customers start going back to the office. And when they
make those decisions, you'd expect to tick up then in terms of things that help optimize, either the work
from home or the work the office now or the hybrid place that they land. But it has moderated a bit in the
Corporate state.

Small business, we continue to see strength in work from home. Now that could be some part because
small businesses were a little later to get their devices than maybe the larger businesses.

And so it's really different across segments. Healthcare really rushed to the front end. They were obviously
a high priority from an allocation perspective for us and others, and so that's moderated in the Healthcare
space as well.

So we're really seeing Education, K-12, higher ed as the primary drivers of continuing work from home as
well as federal. I would say, the government space as well has been continuing to be fairly robust in work-
from-home support.

Operator

Your next question comes from Katy Huberty from Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Collin, as we think about the Census project wrapping up over the next quarter and one less selling day,
is it possible that the revenue decline doesn't improve in the fourth quarter? Or do the improved SMB
writings create a tailwind that we continue to see a lesser decline trajectory, like what you saw in the third
quarter?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Katy, we're not going to give a specific guide on fourth quarter sales. So what I would say is we do
have one fewer day. We report sales on an average daily sales basis, so that would normalize for that. The
200 basis points is really a comment about the impact it has on the bottom half of the P&L as we get a
little bit of deleverage year-over-year.

As it relates to the Census, I would expect the Census to provide solid contribution to the fourth quarter.
It is going to provide a benefit. Again, as we look at last year's overlap, most of it was in the third quarter,
so it will contribute incrementally year-over-year.

And then I think as it relates to the comments on writing, we are back to the wild cards and, I think,
particularly on the commercial side of the business, how those customers choose to react to the election
and what impact the virus and potential additional shutdown has on their spending plans as we come into
the end of the year.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. And then just on third quarter margins, you mentioned that product margins were better in the
quarter, in addition to the mix shift to netted down revenue. Can you just talk about what drove the better
product margins? Is that a mix shift away from client and starting to see some growth again in some of
the infrastructure areas, like servers and compute?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Katy, I would say it was a combination of things. There was some mix within products. So for
example, desktops were pretty soft as notebook has become the form factor of choice. Desktops tend to
have low margins, so that helped the product margin a little bit.

But I would say that this pandemic and economic shock is a little bit unique compared to other recessions
or slowdowns that we've been through. I think one thing that's different is you have supply-demand
imbalance occurring at the same time. And so that supply imbalance, I think, has provided a bit of cushion
on the margin.

And then I think the second thing that's unique is just how important technology is to being a part of the
solution here and customers focus on getting things done with partners they trust, and that can manifest
itself in speed, level of service, logistics capabilities. But I think what we're seeing is customers just want
it done. They want it done quickly and they want it done right. And maybe we're not going to go through
another round of bids through the procurement department or whatever it is. And that has played into,
I think, some of the product margin durability that we saw in what you might think would be a period of
compression on the product margin.

Operator

Your next question comes from Matthew Sheerin from Stifel.

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Chris, in your commentary, you mentioned some customer engagements, including some new customer
wins due to your capabilities. Can you just talk about that competitive environment? Are you seeing
acceleration of new customer wins due to that and due to the fact that customers need more help?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Matt, I won't repeat everything that Collin just said. But when I think about what customers feel
today, technology is more critical, technology is more complex, and they need a comprehensive solutions
to the issues they're trying to solve.

And so with a value trusted partner like CDW, they're more inclined to start leaning into CDW versus, for
example, local VARs. So what we're seeing out there is while it's a competitive environment, certainly
from a pricing perspective, the value that CDW brings to their -- to customers have become more
important.

I mentioned they're derisking their investments. They want to ensure that they are getting the full suite, a
comprehensive suite of advice because of the complexity of choice that they're facing. And the stakes are
high that when they want to get technology right and get it to work for them.

So the value that CDW brings is resonating very well in this environment. We are seeing new customers
and winning new customers and growing those customers, frankly, pretty quickly. And we're also seeing
vendor -- a move -- a quicker move to vendor consolidation. That's always been a value we've brought
to customers, but it's -- that's ticked up significantly in the environment that we're in across all of our
segments, frankly.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then I just wanted to ask again on the client devices, particularly on the commercial side,
where you talked about it being down. You did have some commentary about trends you're seeing, but I
just wanted to see if -- are you just seeing basically that upgrade cycle we saw last year and, obviously,
prepped into this year due to the work from home? Are you just seeing signs that, that's sort of ending
and you're going to be facing some tough year-over-year comps in the next couple of quarters on the
client device side?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Matt, what I'd say is, look, we've got -- when we were coming into this year, we thought we were in
the late innings of a client device refresh, and growth is moderating. Now what picked it up early this year,
work for home, obviously, learn from home. We're seeing new use cases in the digital world, think of retail
organizations, et cetera. And certainly, we might start to see some more pickup in refresh from the 2017
period.

But yes, you're right, the overlaps that we're facing from the growth of last year and that pull forward
at the beginning of this year and the Education, et cetera, as I said, and then you layer on that just the
economic environment, employment, it's hard to say what to expect going into next year.

That said, work from home does have a lot of requirements to make it work effectively. So we continue to
help customers even in the mid-large space with their security needs, for example, with their collaboration
needs, with their productivity suites that they're working through. So even if we don't see notebooks as
robust right now, it's the whole solution -- work-from-home solution, including the accessories and the
services and the collaboration, et cetera.

Operator

Your next question comes from Keith Housum from Northcoast Research.

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

I want to explore the supply constraints challenges in the quarter. I think it's well-known, the challenges
getting the Chromebooks in the door. But perhaps, you provided in the commentary, did you see that
easing at all during the end of the quarter? And then are there other areas of the technologies that you
see having also some supply constraints that can help out in the fourth quarter?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Keith, yes. I think the constraints within Chromebooks are well documented. I don't know that I would say
it eased as we exited the quarter. I think it's going to be tight for a while here. Now obviously, our scale
and the fact that we work with multiple OEMs will hopefully help us manage through that and get at least
our fair share, as Chris has talked about earlier.

In terms of notebooks, in general, I would say, again, high demand and we're just seeing longer lead
times than normal. We are hearing about component shortages for things that go into Chromebooks and
notebooks, things like panels.

In terms of other parts of the market, I would say, on the solutions side of the business, the supply
environment is maybe a little bit better than it was a quarter or 2 ago. And other areas where we see
pockets of dislocation or delays would be other remote work mission-critical categories like collaboration,
hardware, headsets and webcams.

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Got you. And is it possible to quantify, I guess, what the supply shortage is perhaps costing the business
in the third quarter?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Boy, it would be really difficult to put a number on that. I mean, I could say our backlog is up meaningfully
in the notebook category over where it's running -- where it's run historically.

Operator

And your last question comes from Paul Coster from JPMorgan.

Paul Coster
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'm wondering, Chris, if you could just elaborate a little bit on the uncertainty you're seeing. I think we
will understand the where and when part of it. But I'm wondering if the how is part of the uncertainty as
well. Given that COVID seems to have been an accelerant, as you've described, of change in digitization,
in particular, how many of your customers just feel unsure what to invest in given the change to the
processes and sort of infrastructure paradigm?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes, that's a great question. I think here's how I would answer it. There are projects that many customers
had in queue. They're rethinking what those look like now, infrastructure projects, for example, in
particular. The good news is we've got the capability to sit down and work through that design with them.

And in last quarter's earnings call, I mentioned that, that had picked up. We were starting to sit down and
help customers design for a new world. Every customer understands the criticality of technology and the
need to get it right and how different it is today than it was literally just 12 months ago, the acceleration
of digital, not a new trend, but an acceleration?

So we see that as an opportunity to help our customers get the other side of this stronger than ever. So
yes, we have lots of customers who are just wondering what to do, how to do it and making sure that they
are optimizing for their future. That's a consistent drumbeat with customers, certainly surviving through
this pandemic. But absolutely, the notion of competitive advantage and how do we come out the other
side better and faster and leaner and more agile is what we're talking to them about.

Paul Coster
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got you. And one quick follow-up for Collin. The -- can you sort of quantify the revenue headwind
associated with the netting down effects of the cloud revenue -- of the cloud contracts?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, Paul, what I would say is we have historically seen netted down items growing faster than full
revenue items. So in normal periods of time, I would say that impact has a couple of hundred basis points
impact, so a little bit more than that given the acceleration of it.

Operator

There are no further questions. I will turn the call back over to Christine Leahy, CEO. Please go ahead.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Jacqueline. I want to take a moment to acknowledge the continued challenges due to the
COVID-19 pandemic. I want to recognize the remarkable dedication of all of our coworkers around the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

globe and their extraordinary commitment to serving our customers, our partners and all of our CDW
stakeholders. They continuously impress me and reaffirm my conviction that we will emerge stronger from
this. Thank you.

And thank you to our customers for the privilege and opportunity to serve you.

To our investors and analysts participating in this call, we appreciate you and your continued interest in
and support of CDW. Collin and I look forward to talking with you again next quarter. Take care.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CDW CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

