CDW Corporation NasdaqGS:CDW
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 06, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.48

1.57

6.08

1.35

6.02

6.10

1.33

6.56

4403.56

4536.90

3.03

4241.23

17899.38

18032.40

0.74

18871.00

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-06-2020 1:25 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.11

1.52

1.58

1.48

1.24

1.60

1.70

1.57

11.71 %

5.26 %

7.59 %

6.08 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brittany A. Smith
Vice President of Investor
Relations, Financial Planning &
Analysis

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Collin E. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Paul Coster
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the CDW Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings
Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Chris Leahy, Chief Executive Officer of
CDW. Thank you. Please go ahead, ma'am.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Shannon, and good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you. Joining me in the room
today are Collin Kebo, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brittany Smith, our VP, Investor Relations and
Financial Planning and Analysis. I'll begin with an overview of the full year and fourth quarter financial
and strategic performance and share some thoughts on 2020. Then Collin will take you through a more
detailed look at the results, capital strategy and priorities and targets. We'll move quickly through our
prepared remarks to ensure we have plenty of time for Q&A.

But before we begin, Brittany will present the company's safe harbor disclosure statement.

Brittany A. Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations, Financial Planning & Analysis

Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter earnings release was distributed this
morning and is available on our website, investor.cdw.com, along with supplemental slides that you can
use to follow along during the call.

I'd like to remind you that certain comments made in this presentation are considered forward-looking
statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially.
Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in the earnings release and
Form 8-K we furnished to the SEC today and the company's other filings with the SEC. CDW assumes no
obligation to update the information presented during this webcast.

Our presentation also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP operating income
and non-GAAP earnings per share. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the most directly
comparable GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts in the slides for
today's webcast and our earnings release and Form 8-K we furnished to the SEC today.

Please note that all references to growth rates are dollar amount. Increases in our remarks today are
versus the comparable period in 2018, unless otherwise indicated. In addition, all references to growth
rates for hardware, software and services today represent U.S. net sales only and do not include the
results from CDW U.K. or Canada. There were the same number of selling days in the fourth quarter and
the full year as compared to 2018.

Replay of this webcast will be posted to our website later today. I also want to remind you that this
conference call is a property of CDW and may not be recorded or rebroadcast without specific written
permission from the company.

With that, let me turn the call back over to Chris.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Thanks, Brittany. 2019 was a year of both excellent financial performance and progress against our 3-part
strategy for growth. Once again, we delivered record quarterly results and both strong sales growth and
profitability.

In the fourth quarter, net sales were up 11.3% on both a reported and constant currency basis to $4.5
billion. Gross profit increased 12.1% to $778 million, non-GAAP operating income increased 14.3% to
$342 million and non-GAAP net income per share was $1.57, increasing 18.4% on both a reported and
constant currency basis.

For the year, net sales were $18 billion, up almost $1.8 billion year-over-year or 11% on a reported basis
and 11.5% in constant currency. Gross profit increased 12.3% to $3 billion. Non-GAAP operating income
increased 12.5% to $1.4 billion, and non-GAAP net income per share increased 18% to $6.10. On a
constant currency basis, non-GAAP net income per share increased 18.5%.

Our excellent performance reflects the combined power of our balanced portfolio of customer end markets,
our full suite of solutions and services that address customer priorities across the IT landscape and our
ongoing success executing our 3-part strategy for growth.

I'll walk you through each of these and how they contributed. First, the balance across our customer end
markets. As you know, we have 5 U.S. sales channels: Corporate, Small Business, Government, Education
and Healthcare. Each of these channels are meaningful businesses, generating annual sales of more
than $1.5 billion. This scale enables us to further align sales teams into vertical customer end markets,
including federal government, state and local government, K-12 and higher education.

In addition, we have our U.K. and Canadian operations, which together, delivered over $2 billion of net
sales in 2019. These unique sales organizations serve us well when end markets behave differently from
each other. Sometimes that occurs because markets are disrupted by macro or external challenges,
sometimes it occurs when customer behaviors differ due to different priorities.

In 2019, the teams did an outstanding job helping customers address their IT priorities and achieve their
strategic objectives, delivering exceptional results. I am really proud of our team's accomplishments.

Our 2019 double-digit sales increase was driven by excellent results with strong underlying performance
as well as some incremental drivers. The U.S. and U.K. both increased almost 11% in local currency. Our
competitive advantages drove outsized growth in a market that played to our strength. Our scale, scope
and robust distribution capabilities helped minimize the impact from tariffs and supply constraints and
helped us gain market share.

Our Device as a Service solution to the U.S. Census Bureau also contributed to our excellent net sales
growth. The success of the Census depends on everyone's participation, and that is what our mobile
solution is enabling, confirming addresses in 2019, and this year, collecting Census data from households
that do not respond otherwise. The Census project will be complete at the end of 2020. Collin will talk
more about the expected impact of Census on our financials.

And lastly, the acquisition of Scalar. Recall, Scalar brought capabilities in security, cloud, infrastructure and
digital transformation to our Canadian business, bolstering past solutions investments. Those investments
also paid off last year, delivering double-digit organic gross profit growth. I'm excited to share that
both Scalar and Aptris are now operating in market as CDW. We are 1 company, 1 CDW, leveraging our
integrated capabilities to deliver a seamless experience to customers. In short, 2019 was a terrific year.

Turning to the fourth quarter, you also see the benefit of our diverse customer end markets. So let's take
a deeper dive. In Corporate, the team delivered 7% growth with balanced transactional and solutions
growth, as they successfully addressed ongoing customer demand for client devices, while driving solid
solution results, in particular, double-digit growth in servers and enterprise storage hardware.

The Small Business team delivered nearly 8% growth, driven by client device strength. Both channels
lapped double-digit growth rates. Customer activity and purchasing remains strong as Corporate and
Small Business customers continue to move ahead with technology investments, highlighting the
importance of technology to achieve business goals.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

The Government team increased sales over 20%. Federal had another excellent quarter, with sales up over
20%, driven by very healthy client device performance as the team helped civilian departments move to
Win 10.

The State & Local team delivered high teens growth, driven by double-digit solutions results. The team
continued to leverage expanded contracts, helping customers secure their environment and modernize
their infrastructure, with strong growth in enterprise storage and server hardware.

Education increased 1%, with low single-digit growth in Higher Ed and flat K-12 results. Higher Ed
continued to leverage our sector expertise and broad portfolio to help campuses enhance student and
teacher experiences through client device upgrades and collaboration tools. For K-12, strengthened
NetComm hardware and desktops was offset by a decline in notebook due to Chromebook performance.

The Healthcare team delivered excellent performance, up almost 14%, with double-digit growth in client
devices as well as enterprise storage hardware and software. Healthcare demand continued to be driven
by infrastructure refresh and a heightened focus on patient experience and clinical mobility.

Other, which represents our U.K. and Canadian operations, increased to 27% on a reported basis. The
U.K. team delivered excellent double-digit growth in local currency. The team continued to help customers
transform their infrastructures and gain efficiencies, which drove double-digit solution growth.

Canadian growth was driven by Scalar. Integration is nearing completion, and we are providing expanded
portfolio options to both legacy to users in Canada and Scalar customers. So as you can see, our results
demonstrate the power of our balanced portfolio of customer end markets. Our results also demonstrate
the power of our second driver of performance, the breadth of our portfolio, with over 100,000 products,
services and solutions. For more than 1,000 vendor partners, we are well positioned to meet our
customers' total needs across the IT spectrum.

For the quarter, U.S. transactions increased low double digits, led by 16% growth in client devices. U.S.
solutions increased mid-single digits. Sales performance was balanced, with U.S. hardware and software
increasing high single digits and services increasing 15%.

Let's take a deeper look. Hardware increased 9%, fueled by double-digit growth in client devices and data
center hardware. Client device growth was broad-based and driven by continued customer refresh and
market gains. For data center hardware, we saw customers move forward with larger projects driving the
strong growth.

As we've discussed before, our solutions business can be lumpy with the variability, driven by the
timing of when projects come to fruition and also the mix of hardware and software in the solution.
Customers continue to be focused on optimizing their data center infrastructure with economical yet high-
performing solutions. They are leveraging on-premise and off-premise solutions as well as software-based
technologies that create efficiencies.

Total software grew 8%, with strong double-digit growth in storage management, operating system
software and network management. We continue to work closely with our customers to maximize the
return on their IT investment, whether it be hardware, software or services.

Which leads me to our services category. Services' strong growth was led by configurations and
professional services. Our services business had a tremendous 2019 with high teens growth, reflecting
our services-led go-to-market approach. Cloud also contributed to this quarter's results with double-
digit increases in customer spend and gross profit. Growth was driven by productivity, security and
collaboration as well as public cloud infrastructure as a service. As you can see, we had excellent, well-
balanced performance in the quarter, and we were able to help our customers across a broad spectrum of
IT needs.

That leads me to the final driver of our performance, the impact of investments we are making in our 3-
part strategy for growth, investments made to ensure we continue to serve our customers' IT needs in this
evolving market, whether in a physical, virtual or cloud-based environment in the U.S. or internationally.
Our 3-part strategy for growth is to: first, acquire new customers and capture share; second, enhance

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

our solutions capabilities; and third, expand our services capabilities. Importantly, these 3 pillars work
in tandem, each is crucial to our ability to profitably assess, design, deliver and manage the integrated
technology solutions our customers want and need, today and in the future. These pillars help us stay in
front of our customers' emerging and ongoing priorities.

Let me share a couple of examples of our strategy in action. Last October, one of our customers, a medical
technology company, with over 1 million patients, had a cyber attack. The attacker locked the company's
on-premise data centers and public cloud access and proliferated through its entire IT environment.
A few months prior, members of CDW sales and technical teams had presented to the company on
CDW's approach to information and network security. Historically, this customer had primarily purchased
transactional products from us, not fully leveraging our solutions and services capabilities. The company's
IT director called CDW to utilize our expertise in this critical situation due to our team's presentation.

CDW's security incident response team was engaged and immediately helped to assess in one of the
attack. It was crucial to maintain patient safety and protect sensitive information. Ultimately, in the
coming days and weeks, CDW helped to assess, contain and remediate the attack. Then we advised and
installed security technology to ward off future attacks and rebuild customers' data center infrastructure to
get the business' operations running again with enhanced security. CDW had a well-orchestrated response,
providing deep technical knowledge and services in addition to our full suite of product capabilities.

This is not a unique example. In today's environment, a cyber attack is a question of when, not if. Security
is a top priority for our customers. We have made investments in this capability from a coworker and
vendor partner perspective to provide the right services and solutions to increase our customers' readiness
and protection from future attacks.

Another important IT priority that CDW is helping customers address is the upgrade of IT infrastructure
to utilize Internet of Things and data analytics. Customers are pursuing these investments to increase
automation, improve safety and efficiency, manage quality control and drive growth and higher profits.

One of our manufacturing customers has positioned itself at the forefront of advanced manufacturing in
recent years, by upgrading its IT infrastructure to enable Internet of Things technology and enhancing
automation throughout its plans. Several years ago, the customer began modernizing all 47 of its
manufacturing plants in North America.

At the start of the customer's modernization journey, the Executive Director of IT turned to CDW as its
trusted strategic IT partner given our past track record to successfully completing turnkey projects. To
take advantage of the data it wanted to collect, CDW developed and deployed solutions to upgrade the
customer's centralized IT capabilities and infrastructure as well as each plant's network infrastructure.
In each plant, CDW designed and deployed, high-speed, state of the heart -- state-of-the-art secured
network with redundancy and plenty of bandwidth and scalability to serve as the foundation for the
customers' advanced manufacturing push. On top of the secure and reliable high-speed network that
CDW created, the customer deployed scales, sensors and robots, modernizing its manufacturing and
operating processes. The customer is now reaping the benefits of its upgraded IT capabilities, including
automating tasks, which significantly reduce costs, making more informed business decisions at a quicker
pace based on the new data, and lastly, improving security due to the protocols and protections put in
place, supporting the customer's focus on safety.

CDW is an integral partner for each step of this initiative, and we continue to work on other projects to
support our customers' goals. These examples highlight CDW's 3-part strategy for growth, including how
well CDW is positioned for important IT trends and how IT is crucial to achieving our customers' objective.
CDW has a proven track record of evolving with IT trends.

These examples also underscore the importance of one of CDW's competitive advantages, our coworkers.
They get IT and make meeting and exceeding the needs of our customers their top priority. We continue
to invest thoughtfully in customer-facing coworkers and ended the year up 223, excluding Scalar and
Aptris.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

As our services business has grown, the composition of customer-facing coworkers has changed to a
mix of demand generating coworkers and service delivery coworkers. Additionally, other factors such
as leveraging third-parties for service delivery have made this metric less meaningful. Therefore, going
forward, we plan to share stats on our customer-facing coworkers periodically rather than quarterly. Know
that we will continue to invest prudently in coworkers, and as always, adjust our hiring plans based on
market conditions.

And that leads me to our expectations for 2020 financial performance. In 2020, we currently expect the
U.S. IT market to grow between 2.5% to 3%, which is below 2019 U.S. IT market growth, reflecting a
lower 2020 GDP growth forecast. We expect our top line to grow faster than the U.S. IT market, slightly
above our 200 to 300 bps range in constant currency. The Census project is expected to partially offset
moderating client device growth in 2020, which drives our expectations slightly above our target range.

For 2020, we expect non-GAAP earnings per share growth of approximately 10% on a constant currency
basis. We will, of course, continue to keep a watchful eye on the macro environment, including wildcards
like supply constraints, the U.K.-EU trade deal, tariffs, coronavirus and the U.S. presidential election. In
the meantime, the team will continue to do what they do best, out execute the competition and leverage
our competitive advantages to help our customers address their IT priorities and achieve their strategic
objectives.

I hope you can tell from my comments that 2019's outstanding performance reinforced our confidence
that we have the right strategy in place. We want to continue to evolve with the market, continue to
capitalize on technology trends and continue to invest in fast-growing areas of the business. We do this by
performing a rigorous, detailed strategic plan every 3 years and executing against it.

We recently kicked off the planning process for our next cycle. Also, we recently made 2 important
leadership announcements, Chris Corley named Chief Commercial and Operating Officer, and the addition
of Sona Chawla in the newly formed role of Chief Growth and Innovation Officer. Chris is known for her
strong sales and operating leadership, cultivating talent, delivering for our customers and delivering
results. Sona joins CDW with a track record of success, shaping omni-channel sales operations, building
e-commerce businesses, developing digital platforms and driving innovation. They will work with
CDW's outstanding executive committee and teams across the organization to enhance our competitive
advantages and to continue to drive differentiated performance, generating superior returns and serving
our stakeholders.

Now let me turn it over to Collin to share more details on the financial performance.

Collin E. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone. As Chris indicated, our fourth quarter and full year results
reflect the combined power of our balanced portfolio of channels, broad product offerings and ongoing
execution of our 3-part strategy. They also reflect successful investments in our business that build on our
long-term financial strategy to drive strong cash flow, deliver sustained profitable growth and return cash
to shareholders.

Turning to our fourth quarter P&L on Slide 8. Consolidated net sales were $4.5 billion, up 11.3% on a
reported and an average daily sales basis. Currency was neutral in the quarter. On an average daily sales
basis, sequential sales decreased 6.1% versus the third quarter of 2019. As expected, the sequential
average daily sales decline was greater than historical seasonality, given the strength in the third quarter,
but better than expected, driven by: one, strong client device growth in 4 of 5 U.S. channels, as we
continue to leverage our competitive advantages to gain market share and help customers refresh their
devices; and two, over 20% local currency year-over-year growth in the U.K., where we saw solutions
projects come to fruition.

Gross profit for the quarter was $778 million, an increase of 12.1%. Gross margin was 17.1%, up 10
basis points over last year, driven by product margin, partially offset by netted down revenue streams not
growing as fast as net sales.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Turning to SG&A on Slide 9. Our non-GAAP SG&A, including advertising, increased 10.4%. The increase
was primarily driven by sales compensation, which moves in line with gross profit growth. Coworker count
of 9,896 was up over 870 coworkers from December 2018, with roughly 50% of the increase from our
2019 acquisitions and the remaining from organic coworker investments.

GAAP operating income was $284 million, up 16.8%. Our non-GAAP operating income, which better
reflects operating performance, was $342 million, an increase of 14.3%. Non-GAAP operating income
margin was 7.5%.

Moving to Slide 10. Interest expense was $38 million, up 3.2%. The increase was primarily due to paying
a rate on the term loan in 2019 that exceeded the capped rate in 2018. Our GAAP effective tax rate,
shown on Slide 11, was 21.4% in the quarter, down 150 basis points compared to last year. This resulted
in fourth quarter tax expense of $50 million.

To get to our non-GAAP effective tax rate, we adjust taxes consistent with non-GAAP net income add-
backs, including excess tax benefits associated with equity-based compensation, which is shown on Slide
12. For the quarter, our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 23.7%, flat with last year's rate. Our full year
2019 tax rate was favorably impacted by a benefit from research and development tax credits.

As you can see on Slide 13, with fourth quarter weighted average diluted shares outstanding of $146
million, GAAP net income per share was $1.27, up 21%. Our non-GAAP net income was $229 million in the
quarter, up 14.2% over last year. Non-GAAP net income per share was $1.57, up 18.4% from last year.

Turning to full year results on Slides 14 through 19. Revenue was $18 billion, an increase of 11% on a
reported and an average daily sales basis. On a constant currency basis, consolidated net sales were
11.5% higher than the prior year.

As Chris mentioned, 2019 was a terrific year, reflecting great execution against the right strategy and
our balanced portfolio. Additionally, 2019 net sales growth benefited from several extra drivers: one, the
Scalar acquisition, which contributed just over 100 basis points; two, our Device as a Service solution
for the U.S. Census, which contributed approximately 60 basis points; and three, a backlog flush in
certain categories, such as netcomm. You will recall that lead times extended in 2018 and then returned
to more normal levels in 2019, creating a onetime positive flush. Collectively, these 3 items contributed
approximately 250 basis points of net sales growth in 2019.

While difficult to quantify, we believe our competitive advantages of scale and distribution centers helped
us navigate chip shortages and gain additional share in client devices. Gross profit was $3 billion, up
12.3%. And gross profit margin was 16.9%, up approximately 20 basis points, due to product margin and
an increase in the mix of netted down revenue streams, partially offset by year-over-year net sales growth
outpacing the year-over-year growth in partner funding.

GAAP operating income was $1.1 billion, up 14.8%. Our non-GAAP operating income was $1.4 billion for
the year, up 12.5%. Non-GAAP operating income margin was 7.6%. Net income was $737 million, and
non-GAAP net income was $902 million, up 13.6%. Non-GAAP net income per share was $6.10, up 18%.

Turning to the balance sheet on Slide 20. At December 31, cash and cash equivalents were $154 million,
and net debt was $3.2 billion. Our cash plus revolver availability was $1.3 billion.

As shown on Slide 21, we maintained strong rolling 3-month working capital metrics during the quarter.
Our 3-month average cash conversion cycle was 18 days, down 1 day from last year's fourth quarter. Full
year free cash flow was $789 million, which is 4.4% of net sales and slightly above the high end of our
free cash flow rule of thumb of 3.75% to 4.25% of net sales. The $37 million year-over-year increase
in free cash flow primarily reflects higher cash profit, partially offset by higher inventory. 2019 capital
expenditures totaled $236 million or 1.3% of net sales. This higher level reflects CapEx for the 2020 phase
of the Census Device as a Service offering, which I'll discuss in more detail in a moment.

As expected, we returned more than 100% of free cash flow to shareholders in 2019. We deployed
$840 million of cash to shareholders, which included $183 million of dividends and $657 million of share
repurchases, at an average price of approximately $108 per share.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Turning to capital allocation priorities on Slide 22. Our priorities remain the same from the previous
quarter, and continue to reflect our intent to drive shareholder value through returns of capital and
strategic investments.

In order of priority, first, increase dividends annually. To guide these increases, we will target the
annualized fourth quarter dividend at approximately 25% of non-GAAP net income and to grow in line
with earnings going forward. Second, ensure we have the right capital structure in place with a targeted
net leverage ratio in the range of 2.5 to 3x. We ended the quarter at 2.2x, slightly below the low end of
this range. Our third capital allocation priority is to supplement organic growth with strategic acquisitions.
Our acquisitions of Scalar and Aptris are great examples of this. And fourth, return excess cash after
dividends and M&A to shareholders through share repurchases. At the end of December, we had $679
million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization.

Given our current leverage, we expect to once again return more than 100% of free cash flow to
shareholders in 2020. Our capital allocation priorities support our 2020 targets, which you see on Slide 23.

Before I review our annual targets, let me first provide some comments on the Device as a Service
solution for the United States Census Bureau. As you've heard us discuss, the rollout consists of 2 phases,
the address canvasing phase, which was completed in 2019 and contributed approximately 60 basis points
to 2019 growth, the majority of which was recognized in the third quarter.

In the 2020 phase, or the Census collection phase, hundreds of thousands of smartphones and tablets
are being deployed into the field to take the Census. We currently expect the 2020 phase to contribute
approximately 110 basis points of incremental net sales growth in 2020. As a reminder, CDW is the lessor
for the Census Device as a Service offering. Therefore, we will recognize lease revenue over the period
that devices are used in the field. Depreciation from the Capex, most of which was spent in the fourth
quarter of 2019, will be matched to the lease revenue. As Chris mentioned, the Census project will be
completed at the end of this year.

To summarize, the Census really showcases how CDW helps customers achieve their objectives by
leveraging CDW's differentiated capabilities, integrated solutions from multiple vendor partners,
professional and configuration services, logistics and distribution capabilities, all delivered as a service.

Turning to our 2020 targets. We expect U.S. IT market growth of 2.5% to 3%. This modest deceleration,
compared to 2019, reflects lower GDP forecasts, strong client device comparisons and moving past some
end of support dates. We expect CDW net sales growth slightly above the high end of our 200 to 300 basis
point range of our U.S. IT market growth. The incremental contribution from the Census helps us overlap
2019's strong outperformance, including some of the extra drivers I previously mentioned. Currency is
expected to be neutral, assuming foreign exchange rates of $1.28 to the British pound and $0.75 to the
Canadian dollar.

We expect non-GAAP operating income margin to be in the mid-7% range and non-GAAP earnings per
share growth to be approximately 10%, on both a reported and constant currency basis. Please remember
that we hold ourselves accountable for delivering financial targets on an annual constant currency basis.

Slide 24 provides additional modeling thoughts for full year 2020. We expect net sales in the first half of
the year to be in line with our historical norm of 48% to 49% of full year net sales. Keep in mind that the
normal rhythm of our business is for first quarter net sales to typically be the lowest dollar amount and
sequentially below our fourth quarter. Over the past 5 years, on an average daily sales basis, the Q4 to
Q1 sequential decline has averaged down approximately 7%. We expect this year's first quarter sequential
decline to be generally in line with historical seasonality.

Moving down the P&L. Non-GAAP operating income margin is expected to be in the mid-7% range. Total
annual depreciation and amortization is expected to be in the range of $390 million to $400 million. This
includes approximately $160 million of amortization expense for acquisition-related intangible assets and
approximately $145 million of cost of goods sold depreciation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Depreciation and amortization expense and SG&A, excluding the amortization of acquisition-related
intangibles, is expected to be around $90 million. Equity-based compensation is expected to be several
million dollars higher than 2019.

Interest expense is expected to be in the range of $156 million to $158 million, with the year-over-
year decrease driven by expected lower short-term interest rates. Our 2020 non-GAAP effective tax rate
is anticipated to be in the range of 25.5% to 26.5%. We expect share repurchases to drive non-GAAP
earnings per share growth, 200 to 300 basis points faster than non-GAAP net income growth. Currency is
expected to be neutral for the full year to non-GAAP earnings per share growth.

We expect constant currency non-GAAP earnings per share growth in the first half of the year to be higher
than our full year constant currency target as we have 1 additional selling day and 1 more -- and more
incremental contribution from the Census project. In the fourth quarter, we will have 1 fewer selling day
and the contribution from the Census winds down. One selling day difference impacts quarterly profit
growth by approximately 200 basis points.

Additional modeling thoughts on the components of cash flow can be found on Slide 25. Our free cash
flow rule of thumb remains unchanged at 3.75% to 4.25% of net sales. We expect capital expenditures
to be roughly 0.7% of net sales, slightly above the normal 0.5 point of sales, primarily reflecting gross
capital investments related to our downtown Chicago office move. To be clear, this slight increase does
not change our free cash flow rule of thumb. We expect the cash tax rate to be in the range of 25.25%
to 26.25% of pretax income, adjusted for amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. We expect to
deliver a cash conversion cycle within the annual target range of high teens to low 20s.
That concludes the financial summary. With that, I'll ask Shannon to open it up for questions. [Operator
Instructions] Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt Cabral with Crédit Suisse.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Just starting off on the downtick in the wider IT spending environment that you talked about. Wondering
if you could touch on just what you're hearing in terms of customer budget plans heading into 2020? And
what's driving your expectation for a return to a more normalized 2 to 3 points of share gain this year?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Matt, it's Chris. We -- customers, as we turn the corner in 2019, customers were clear that IT continues
to be a priority. So we saw some good momentum, and they're buying and in our business. They're
continuing to hire, they're continuing to focus on investing in IT. So that felt good coming out of the year.
The downtick is based on what we see in front of us. We've got GDP forecasts that have come down.
We've got uncertainties out there. I ticked through those wildcards in our prepared remarks. And so when
we take a look at what's out there, that's how we think about it. We also, frankly, from an IT growth
perspective, take a look at a wide variety of data, both internal data that's proprietary as well as external
factors and try to land on a solid expectation for the upcoming year.

In terms of our premium, you know us, we're always going to be focused on outgrowing the market by
that 200 to 300 basis points. But we're confident this year in guiding slightly above that 300 because
we feel good that the Census work that we're doing will contribute and will offset some of the client
moderating growth that we expect to see.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. And on that point about client growth monitoring, yes, PC is definitely top of mind, given cross
currents around Win 7 and the CPU shortages. Can you just talk a little bit more about what you've baked
into your current plans for PCs in 2020? And just how we should think about the cadence of that through
the year?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Well, as we anticipated last year, we expected client device to grow, but at a moderated rate, because
we've got a couple of years of strong, strong growth from refresh. We have -- the end of service, that's
already happened now in January, and our expectation was that we see some growth in the first half
of the year. Because based on past experience, when there's end of service, you still get some flow
through into the quarter or a little bit beyond. There's more wildcards out there. Right now, you look
at coronavirus, for example, and it's too early to tell how that's going to impact. But that could impact
supply chain and add to some delays. We are still looking at Intel shortages. Of course, we leverage our
competitive advantages to take inventory, but there are a couple more factors now that we weren't looking
at 6 months ago, that make it more difficult to understand where those client purchases will be taking
place throughout the course of the year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Two questions from me as well. I guess, maybe to start with the 2020 guide, Chris. Could you just help
clarify, you're basically saying it's IT spend at 2.5% to 3%, plus share gains of 200 to 300 basis points,
and then plus $200 million of revenues from Census Bureau. Is that the right way to think about your
2020 guide? And then just on the Census Bureau contribution, is it going to be fairly linear through
calendar '20? Or is it going to be more H1 heavy, given the way that's going to ramp up?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Amit, let me back up and get that right. So we're looking at -- there are 2 components. 2.5% to 3%
is what we expect the U.S. IT market rate of growth to be. And we're saying that our typical target of
premium above that 200 to 300 basis points, you should expect us to come in slightly higher than that
300 basis points as a premium over it. It's not a premium plus additional bps. Does that make sense?

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That makes perfect sense.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Okay. And in terms of the sequencing, I'll let Collin give you the details.

Collin E. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Amit, we would expect more contribution from the Census and, let's say, the first half or first 3
quarters of the year. As I said in my prepared comments, we expect it to wind down by the time we get to
the fourth quarter.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. And then, I guess, just calling as a follow-up, your net leverage target, at least based on the
math we're doing, will be well under 2x by the end of the year. As you know, there's no deals done, you
maintain the buyback dividends that we've talked about. If that's really the case, are you comfortable with
leverage going under 2x? Or should we start thinking about 2020 being a year where perhaps buybacks
will be more larger to get you back in the 2.5, 3x target range?

Collin E. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Amit, so we ended the year at 2.2x. In my prepared comments, I did say that we, again, intend to
return more than 100% of free cash flow to shareholders. Obviously, we're mindful that we're sub the 2.5
to 3x target.

Operator

Our next question comes from Adam Tindle with Raymond James.

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Chris, I just want to revisit the goal to expand capabilities that you talked about on the slides. I
think the leverage math would suggest that you have about $2 billion in liquidity to still stay within your
leverage target, and probably even more, if you want to temporarily sit above it, like you have in the
past. I know you've done some smaller tuck-ins, but just first question would be wondering if you would
consider something more elephant-sized to borrow above the term? And what would be the key items
you'd look for in that potential asset?

Christine A. Leahy
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Yes. And thanks for the question. Elephant-sized, I don't know how big that means. But I would say this.
Look, you know that we are actively looking for potential companies that can supplement our solutions
and services capabilities. And we're looking at different kinds of organizations, small tuck-ins, frankly, are
-- can be more simple to do and very easy to get -- gain traction quickly. Larger organizations, we need to
think about a lot of factors, including the ease of integration and the way that we can operationally bring
onboard a large organization.

You know the filters that we look at. We look at, is it a strategic fit for our customers? That's first and
foremost. Is it going to create more relevance to our customers? We don't get that through that filter, we
don't get even further than that.

Operational alignment is the second one. And then obviously, cultural fit and financial return. I will tell you
on cultural fit, when I think about Kelway several years ago, and Scalar and Aptris, the cultural fit in those
firms has been really terrific. And I think that's been a very large portion of why we've been successful.
The teams have done a great job integrating and becoming CDW, one company, and going to market as a
seamless team to our customers, who have really appreciated that. And that actually speeds the ability to
leverage our solutions capabilities across all of the organization.

In terms of a larger company, if we find one that makes sense and ticks through all those levers, we
absolutely would take a look.

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And just as a quick follow-up, Collin, thanks for all the model commentary. I just
wanted to ask on -- you talked about Q1 revenue, expecting to be down about 7% sequentially per
day. I think that's maybe a little over 5% sequentially, as reported. The question is, historically, EPS,
it's a little bit imperfect, but I think generally, down somewhere around 2x that revenue decline on a
sequential basis. Correct me if I'm off here, but given your investment plans and timing, would this normal
seasonality that you're talking about on revenue also apply to EPS in Q1, whereas reported would be down
maybe just over 10% sequentially?

Collin E. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Adam, I don't normally think of sequential EPS quarter-to-quarter. What I did say, though, in my prepared
comments is that we do expect the first half of the year EPS to be stronger than the full year. Some of that
is due to Census timing and some of that is due to the extra day we have in the first quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ruplu Bhattacharya with Bank of America.

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Congrats on the quarter and on the guide. Collin, the guide for full year operating margin at mid-7s. I
mean, that's actually -- that's pretty strong. I mean, your margins have been better than many of your
competitors. Just wondering, I mean, you will -- we assume you're going to see a mixed shift between
client devices versus more of cloud solutions and netted down items. So can you talk about what are
some of the things that can drive that a little bit higher than mid-7s? What do you need to see to get the
operating margin a little bit higher?

Collin E. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks for the question, Ruplu. Yes, there are a lot of things that impact our operating margins,
starting at the gross margin. There's the mix of items that we sell, which you're referencing, there are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

commoditization headwinds, end market mix. So there are a whole series of mixes that move in and out.
As we mix into solutions, that does put upward pressure on our gross margin, but we do have a higher
cost to serve associated with solutions. So the flow-through to the operating margin might not be as great
or I think the operating margin might be closer in line to the transactional side of the business.

I think the big wildcard here is how strong hardware is as we go forward. This narrative that our margins
are going to float up over time has been out there for several years. And I think a lot of that was -- had an
assumption that hardware growth was going to slow down and not be as robust. And clearly, we've been
through a pretty heavy cycle here of 3 years, where that hasn't been the case. And you haven't seen as
much upward movement on the operating margin, as you might expect, notwithstanding all the success
we've had in cloud and solutions and netted down items.

So I think if we were to go through an extended period of time, multiple quarters or years where we
saw that play out, I think we would revisit, at that point in time. At our Analyst Day a few years ago, we
took our margin target up a little bit as a result of that trend. But again, I think we'd want to see more
sustainability of the strength of the netted down items, relative to where hardware is.

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Yes, that makes sense. For my follow-up, I just wanted to touch on the Education end market. You've seen
some strong growth in the Higher Ed segment, but maybe a little bit slower on the K-12. So any thoughts
on how that segment trends in 2020?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes, it's Chris. On Education, we're just under a little pressure right now. We've seen ASPs declining a bit.
And also, the Chromebook space has been the one that has been most constrained when it came to supply
opportunities and supply availability this past year. And availability simply if it was out there, we could get
it. So we do expect to continue to see into 2020 those same pressures on the business.

The other thing that's happened is Google's extension of its auto update expiration, which is simply the
equivalent of an end of service, they've extended it a year. So that alleviated, what I'll call, the urgency of
customers to refresh and upgrade, but that will be an opportunity when the year expires next year.

But look, K-12, we still consider to be a growth area for us. And the teams are really focused on specific
solutions that they can bundle and bring to those customers that have to do with things like modern
classrooms that are more collaborative and learning environments that are modular, et cetera. So we feel
good about K-12 in the long term.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matt Sheerin with Stifel.

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

A question regarding the strength that you saw in the U.K., I think you said that was up 20% year-on-
year. Is that related at all to the Brexit transition? And post that close, are you seeing any impact either
positively or negatively?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Matt, yes, thanks for the question. The answer is no. We haven't seen a lot of change over the last couple
of years in client behavior as a result of Brexit and the uncertainty surrounding that. We've tried to
comment on that regularly with you. I think that's just great execution and performance by the team and
a number of solution projects coming to fruition.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

We also have, as you recall, a Netherlands entity. And so customers are comfortable using that in their
regular course of business. When I look at the U.K. business, the nice thing is the balance that we've seen
in growth, in both their U.K. local business as well as referral business, meaning U.S. to U.K. business.
And also collectively, U.K. and U.S. customers doing business outside of those regions, so call it widely
international. All of that is on a good growth trajectory, and we're really excited to see that because that
reflects the power of the thesis going into the combination, and it's working.

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then relative to the expectations on hardware, and we certainly get the headwinds that you're
going to see in terms of the PC refresh cycle. But looking at the solution side of the enterprise-class
hardware, networking storage, servers, you had some strength, you talked about networking for some of
those reasons. But what should we be expecting there in terms of your outlook for the enterprise-class
products?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think of it this way. As I said, customers are still prioritizing IT investments. And they have different
priorities, sometimes it's client, sometimes it's the data center, depending on where they're focused in
their business and what they're trying to accomplish.

Looking forward, we expect to see a benefit of that investment. And the key thing is that when it comes
to these solutions, projects, they are lumpy. And I keep saying we're going to find another word, but that
really is the best word. I mean, if you think about 2019, we had some lumpiness throughout the quarters
and we just saw a number of deals come to fruition, and you saw a nice, healthy Q4. You got to expect
that going forward just because of the timing and also the mix, which is a big part of that, whether it's
hardware, software, services, the more software component, the more muted the top line. So again,
customers are focused on using technology to drive strategic outcomes in their business, and they're
focused on securely running their "utility IT." And we've got the full portfolio to help them do that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

I just have one. Chris, can you talk a bit about what drove you to put a Chief Growth and Innovation
Officer in place? How you're sort of thinking about that position? And how -- so work with others within
your executive team at this point? I'm just -- I'm kind of curious as to what created that role?.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, sure. Thanks very much for the question. Well, I'll start with the simple reason. When we think
about forward-looking, we're really focused on scaling sustainable growth. So this is about focus for
growth. And in particular, when we think about our customers, our partners and products and the channels
and platforms that we use to sell, and the technology and digital capabilities that underpin those, the
connective tissue between them is becoming more and more important. So this rule is really intended to
help align and focus our efforts and investments around driving the connectivity there.

When you take a step back, CDW has historically delivered meaningful profitable growth. And we've done
that through continual innovation and continual investment, disciplined investment and focus on investing
where the growth is. So when I think about growth and innovation and bringing that team together, it's
just another natural step in the way that we think about growth in the future.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Our next question comes from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just thinking through seasonality for the year. In the first half, you have the bulk of the benefit of Census,
the spillover of some of the Win 10 refreshes and the extra selling day. So just what are the offsets to
those tailwinds that land you at more normal seasonality in the first quarter and first half versus maybe a
little bit better seasonality given those factors?

Collin E. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Can you repeat the question, Katy?

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. Just thinking through some of the tailwinds in the first half and the first quarter. You have the bulk
of the Census impact in the first half of the year, and hopefully get some spillover effect of CCE refreshes,
at least in the first quarter and then you have the extra selling day. So I'm just curious why you wouldn't
see maybe a little bit better than normal seasonality in 1Q and the first half because of those factors. Are
there some offsets that you're thinking through?

Collin E. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

No. I would say no real offsets. We do have some pretty meaningful overlaps in the back half of the prior
year. So I think that's also informing us.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. And then just as a follow-up, have you gone back and looked at just spending trends and customer
behavior around elections in terms of any expectation around how that might impact spending this year?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Katy, it's Chris. If you go back to the 2012 and 2016 elections, what we did see is, we did see a
deceleration in IT spend, IT growth. So that's why we call out, as a wildcard, the U.S. election this year,
because the uncertainty leading into it could cause some deceleration. That came in those 2 years in the
back half of the year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Paul Coster with JP Morgan.

Paul Coster
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Chris, you've been pretty specific about the 3-part investment strategy and investing in the future
generically. But where do we see this in terms of the dollar spend? Is it in Capex? Is it in the operating
expenses? What kinds of people are you recruiting? How are you reallocating resources to capitalize on
these opportunities internally? And could you even argue that you're under-earning a little bit because of
the investments, that OpEx is a bit higher than it might be otherwise?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes, thanks for the question. I think you see it up and down in every -- in various line items in the P&L. So
for example, we're investing in people, investing in technologists, solution architects, delivery engineers.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

We're also investing in technology and digital capabilities to enable our sales organization and to enable
our coworkers to deliver to our customers, to create an experience for our customer that becomes more
seamless and useful to the sales process. So we're investing in a number of different areas, as we always
do at CDW.

In terms of the impact on our profitability, look, we -- I don't think we -- you'd see anything different.
But we're always -- outperforming the market allows us to deliver on our commitments to shareholders,
but also reinvest in the business. And that's pretty -- that's very important for the future growth of the
organization. When I think about scaling for sustainable growth, it's not just about performing for today,
but it's also about laying the foundation for growth against our growth model in the future, and that's
where we're investing today and tomorrow.

Collin E. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Paul, I would just add, the investment is both in the OpEx and the CapEx line. The majority of our normal
CapEx goes against our IT infrastructure. And then in your question, are we underearning? I guess, the
flip of that is, are we overinvesting? And I would say, no. We feel like we have the right balance between
investment back into the business that allows us to continue to create differentiation in the marketplace
that enables the sustainable outperformance versus the market. So could we pull back on investment in
the short term? Yes, absolutely. Would the margin float up? Yes. But I think that 200 to 300 basis point
premium that we've consistently been able to deliver, over time, you would see that get chipped away. So
we think we have the right balance between investing in the business and growth in margin.

Operator

Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Can you help me understand and I think back in last year and the past few years spending in the Win
10 refresh cycle, was that generally done within companies or the customers' general budgets? Or were
they special, I guess, onetime expenditures that you either won't repeat? Or you expect to be reprioritized
going forward?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Keith, I -- my sense having talked with customers and feedback from our sales organization is we
didn't hear a lot of chatter about onetime increases in budgets to refresh client. It's really a natural -- the
natural process of their IT investment cycles.

Collin E. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Keith, again, just as we think about how we manage our own business, our CIO sure didn't get
incremental budget to get us upgraded to Win 10. It's -- I think, part of what a customer goes through
every year is determining what their priorities are and addressing those priorities within the context of
their budget.

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

All right. That's helpful. And then changing gears, I guess, slightly, as my follow-up. I know -- I can
respect this completely early with the coronavirus. But can you help us understand, like, in terms of
the supply chain and inventory in the channel, how long could the coronavirus go on? Or how bad does
it get before it actually impacts anybody? Is there enough inventory in the channel that can withstand
quarantine for some factories for several weeks?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, I wish I had an answer to that, Keith. I just don't. It's too early in the process right now.
And we -- all -- what I can say is we're working very closely with our OEMs right now to get a better
understanding. But I just don't -- we don't have visibility to that. I think our vendors are still trying to
figure that out. And it's always going to depend on how long it lasts, what alternatives they have, but we'll
just do the best that we can to ensure that we take care of our customers. And if the extend inventory is
available, we'll leverage competitive advantages and take that. But I just -- it's hard to know at this point
in time. I don't want to project out into the future.

Operator

And I'm currently showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Chris
Leahy for closing remarks.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Shannon. I'd like to recognize the hard work of our almost 10,000 coworkers around the globe
and their ongoing dedication to serving our customers. They are the reason we had such exceptional
performance in 2019, and why we will continue to outperform the IT market going forward.

Thank you to our customers for the privilege and opportunity to help you achieve your goals. And thank
you for your time today and continued interest in CDW. Collin and I look forward to talking to you next
quarter. Take care.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, you may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CDW CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

