CDW Corporation NasdaqGS:CDW
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, August 04, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.80

2.02

Revenue  (mm)

4973.12

5146.40

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-04-2021 1:25 PM GMT

12.22

3.48

1.99

7.34

8.10

5180.15

19940.00

21104.87

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.51

1.51

1.53

1.80

1.83

1.82

1.74

2.02

21.19 %

20.53 %

13.73 %

12.22 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brittany A. Smith
Vice President of Investor
Relations, Financial Planning &
Analysis

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Lexi Curnin

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Securities, Research Division

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the CDW Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to Brittany Smith, Vice
President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning and Analysis. Thank you. Please go ahead.

Brittany A. Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations, Financial Planning & Analysis

Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me remotely today to review our second quarter results
are Chris Leahy, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Collin Kebo, our Chief Financial Officer.
Our second quarter earnings release was distributed this morning and is available on our website,
investor.cdw.com, along with supplemental slides that you can use to follow along during the call.

I'd like to remind you that certain comments made in this presentation are considered forward-looking
statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements are subject
to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information
concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in the earnings release and Form 8-K we furnished to
the SEC today and in the company's other filings with the SEC. CDW assumes no obligation to update the
information presented during this webcast.

Our presentation also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP operating income
and non-GAAP earnings per share. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the most directly
comparable GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts on the slides for
today's webcast and in our earnings release and Form 8-K we furnished the SEC today. Please note that
all references to growth rates or dollar amount increases in our remarks today are versus the comparable
period in 2020, unless otherwise indicated. In addition, all references to growth rates for hardware,
software and services today represent U.S. net sales only and do not include the results from CDW U.K. or
Canada.

Replay of this webcast will be posted to our website later today. I also want to remind you that this
conference call is the property of CDW and may not be recorded or rebroadcast without specific written
permission from the company.

With that, let me turn the call over to Chris.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Brittany. I'll begin this morning with an overview of second quarter results and drivers of
performance and share our updated thoughts on 2021. Collin will then take you through a more detailed
look at the financials and capital allocation strategy and outlook. We'll move quickly through our prepared
remarks, as always, to ensure we have plenty of time for questions.

We had a record second quarter. Our results demonstrate the balance and strength of CDW's business
model and strategy. For the second quarter, net sales were $5.1 billion, a quarterly record and our first
quarter over $5 billion of net sales. Net sales grew 17.9% above last year on a reported and average daily
sales basis and up 16.3% in constant currency. Gross profit increased 18.2% to $883 million. Non-GAAP
operating income was $418 million, an increase of 23.6% and non-GAAP net income per share was $2.02,
up 29.3% on a reported basis and up 27.9% in constant currency.

Our outstanding results reflect our team's extraordinary execution and the importance of our scale,
industry experience and knowledge and strong customer relationships. The diversity of our customer
end markets and breadth of our solutions portfolio continues to serve us well. Our record second quarter
performance reflected a rebound in commercial customer spending, driving excellent results in our
Corporate, Small Business and Canada segments and continued strength in our Education channel.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Our results reflect strong momentum across our business as technology spending recovers from lower
spending last year and also increased demand as customers seek to modernize, optimize and innovate. In
2020, customers prioritize remote enablement and continuity. So far in 2021, customers have prioritized
digital transformation, security and hybrid and cloud solutions as well as continued investments in end
point solutions, driving strong growth for solutions and transactions.

Customers are investing to enable the future and adding resilience into their operations, strengthening and
securing infrastructure, platforms and end points, leveraging the cloud, preparing for return to in-person
operations and industrializing remote enablement for permanently changed work models. We've combined
our services and broad solutions portfolio with our extensive technical knowledge and unique logistical
and distribution capabilities to advise, design and orchestrate the best outcomes for our customers.
Last quarter, we leveraged our distribution centers, extensive logistics capabilities, deep vendor partner
relationships and strong balance sheet and liquidity position to navigate the supply environment. Our
scale and strong financial position enabled us to continue helping customers navigate the choppy supply
environment.

As we previewed on our last earnings call, supply challenges increased during the second quarter for
many transactional products and some infrastructure products. While writings strengthened as economies
rebounded and more customers turned to CDW for expertise across the full technology solution stack
and life cycle, our backlog increased compared to the first quarter. Another impact in the tight supply
environment was increasing prices, which our teams were generally able to pass on. We expect supply
constraints to continue through the second half of the year and into next year.

Now let's take a deeper look at the second quarter customer end market performance. Corporate
increased 27% as customer spend sharply recovered with strong transactional and solutions performance.
Customers remain focused on digital transformation, hybrid and cloud and security. Customers also
began to prepare for employees to return to the office in the coming months, driving end point solutions,
including notebooks, video and accessory growth. Our Corporate backlog increased during the quarter as
customers await availability due to standards requirements and generally larger orders.

Small Business delivered exceptional growth, growing 60%, yes, 6-0 percent, as optimism improved
and hiring increased. Our team helps customers with remote enablement, security and video, leading
to strong growth in both transactional and solution spend. As we've shared previously, Small Business
customers tend to be nimbler in their technology requirements so performance was less impacted by
supply constraints. Net sales for our Government channel decreased 29%. Federal declined double digits
due to overlapping our Device as a Service solution for the U.S. Census Bureau and other client device
programs that were strong last year. State & Local decreased mid-single digits. Customers evaluated their
needs at the beginning of the quarter and started to make investments utilizing stimulus funding towards
the end of the quarter, making timing versus demand more of a driver of performance.

Our Education channel grew 27%. The team delivered another $1 billion-plus quarter with strong double-
digit growth from both K-12 and higher ed. K-12 and higher ed customers are focused on investments to
support equity and access and to enhance the in-classroom experience as schools prepare for students
to return this fall, which drove both strong transactional and solutions performance. Customers continue
to turn to us for our holistic capabilities across technology solutions and our deep education experience.
Healthcare increased 7%, returning to year-over-year growth. Customers resumed projects that have
been sidelined during the pandemic as budgets reopened driven by patients returning for elective
procedures and providers made investments for the future. Growth was balanced between transactional
and solutions categories.

Other, which represents our U.K. and Canadian operations, increased over 20% on a reported basis. In
local currency, U.K. net sales decreased low single digits, overlapping strong public sector performance
and reflecting a slower commercial recovery. The Canada team drove strong double-digit growth in local
currency, powered by commercial customer strength and strong transactional and solutions performance.
Our second quarter performance benefited from the diversity of our customer base and from our deep and
broad product portfolio. Transactions increased strong double digits driven by client device growth of 17%
as well as strong growth in video and accessories. Solutions also increased strong double digits driven by

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

software, collaboration tools and data center solutions. This led to balanced double-digit growth across
hardware, software and services.

Our services growth reflects strong organic performance and inorganic contributions. As I've shared
before, services are fundamental to our go-to-market approach and a key enabler of our value proposition.
We also delivered excellent growth in our cloud practice. Cloud customer spend increased strong double
digits across all customer segments driven by robust growth in security, Infrastructure as a Service and
productivity. We expect strong customer demand for cloud solutions to continue, and we're well positioned
to deliver.

I want to take a moment to highlight our security practice given its importance to our customers as cyber
threats are constantly emerging and evolving and increasing. Security customer spend grew strong double
digits as customers improve their security frameworks to respond to increasing threats. Our teams help
customers through a cohesive strategy of security assessment, data protection and threat mitigation.
Our second quarter operating and financial performance reflected the combined impact of our balanced
portfolio of customer end markets, our full suite of solutions and services across the IT landscape and our
ongoing success executing our 3-part strategy for growth. They are all important drivers of our past and
future performance.

The diversity of our customer end markets serves us well when macro or other external challenges impact
various industries and customers differently. Our extent of products, services and solutions portfolio
positions us to meet our customers' total needs across the sector of IT. The balance of our customer end
markets and our offerings are especially relevant in the current environment. Technology has become
more essential to our customers, and we are best positioned to help them navigate the complexity.
And the final driver of our performance, our 3-part strategy for growth, which is to: first, acquire new
customers and capture share; second, enhance our solutions capabilities; and third, expand our services
capabilities. Each pillar is crucial to our ability to profitably advise, design, orchestrate and manage
integrated technology solutions our customers want and need today and in the future.

Let me share a few examples of our strategy in action. Earlier this week, we announced that we acquired
Focal Point. Focal Point is a leading provider of cybersecurity services with deep capabilities in identity
and access management as well as the ability to serve customers across the full cybersecurity landscape.
Focal Point is a leader in the cybersecurity space with an expert team and complementary customer
relationships. As I shared earlier, security is a top focus area for our customers. The addition of Focal Point
expands and accelerates our security practice, adding over 200 coworkers, who we welcome to CDW.

We see many significant opportunities ahead, and this is a great example of adding capability to help
customers across the full technology solution stack and full technology life cycle. We view M&A as an
important part of our capital allocation strategy to expand CDW's strategic capabilities. Our success is
a testament to our coworkers, including those who joined CDW through acquisition, who have delivered
consistent with the strategic rationale of each deal, delivering tremendous value to our customers.

Let me share another example. Over the last year, Education customers have embraced technology more
than ever and fundamentally changed how they purchased, with districts and school systems banding
together to access stimulus programs and procure technology to enable remote, hybrid and in-person
model. A long-time higher ed customer who was transitioning from a decentralized technology program to
centralized turned to us to provide a better end-user experience for its students and staff across its 20-
plus campuses. Our team leveraged our digital capabilities to integrate directly into their systems. This
greatly improved the ease of purchasing, providing configured branded bundles, hitting prenegotiated
pricing, direct-to-home logistics and product availability in a constrained environment. Our customer-
first focus and logistical capabilities continue to be differentiators that drive value with our customers and
vendor partners. This is a great example of how we leverage our competitive advantages to win.

Last, I want to share a story about a corporate customer that our team helped execute a global compute
refresh, changing from a BYOD organization to corporate standards. The Director of Global IT Service
Delivery leading the project turned exclusively to us to partner on this important initiative for over 8,000
employees in 20 countries. Having a global partner was very important. Our teams in the U.S., U.K.
and Canada worked closely together to deliver for the customer. We worked with our vendor partners to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

ensure we had product when the customer needed it, which is crucial in the current environment, and the
capability we have, given our deep partner relationships, strong financial position and distribution centers.

What started as a device refresh has led to partnering on the customer's return-to-office initiative and
technology enhancements as well as software and security projects, growing the account from less
than $1 million in net sales last year to over $7 million this year. Our team understood the customer's
challenges and leveraged CDW's capabilities on a worldwide basis to provide outstanding service, leading
to more opportunities. These examples highlight CDW's 3-part strategy for growth and demonstrates the
value of M&A to add solutions and services capabilities to best serve our customers and how we leverage
our competitive advantages to win in the marketplace. I am so proud of the way our teams continue to
deliver for our customers. Our distribution and configuration centers remain fully operational.

During the quarter, our teams continued to safely reengage with customers and partners in person.
Although the environment is dynamic, groups of coworkers have started to return to our offices for team
meetings and small events and others are starting to work more regularly in our offices. Our ReunITe team
is working hard to thoughtfully reimagine and orchestrate the future of work so we can continue to serve
our customers and partners better than anyone else can, while we continue to fortify our strong culture.

Let me now share our updated thoughts on 2021. We are again increasing our outlook for both U.S. IT
market growth and CDW's net sales premium to market. We now expect the U.S. IT market to grow about
5% and our top line to grow 425 to 500 basis points faster than the market in constant currency. For
the third quarter, we expect customer demand trends to continue and have confidence in how our teams
are executing and in our solutions and services portfolio. That said, we remain cautious about the supply
environment, which we expect to continue to be challenged.

While there are other wildcards such as COVID variants, vaccine rollout, return to office and potential
policy changes, including infrastructure and taxes, our confidence in the prospects for the business has
never been higher. Technology is more essential to all sectors of the economy and will continue to play
an increasingly important role in years ahead. We have great confidence that we have the right strategy
to best serve our customers and partners, enhance our competitive position and deliver sustainable,
profitable growth. Our role as a trusted strategic partner to our customers is more important now than
ever. We will continue to do what we do best, leverage our competitive advantages to help our customers
address their IT priorities and achieve their strategic objectives and out-execute our competition.

Finally, let me take a moment to update you on our CFO transition. The process is progressing very well.
I'm really pleased with the caliber of candidates interested and excited about CDW. We will provide further
updates once the process is complete. Until then, Collin is fully engaged and after a successor is named,
he will remain onboard to ensure a smooth transition.

With that, I'll turn it over to Collin.

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I'll start my prepared remarks with more detail on the second
quarter, move to capital allocation priorities and then finish up with our 2021 outlook.

Turning to our second quarter P&L on Slide 8. Consolidated net sales were $5.1 billion, up 17.9% on a
reported and an average daily sales basis. On a constant currency average daily sales basis, consolidated
net sales grew 16.3%. Compared to the second quarter of 2019, net sales increased more than $0.5
billion or 11.2%. On an average daily sales basis, sequential sales increased 4.7% versus the first quarter.
Second quarter sales were stronger than expected, reflecting several factors. On the demand side, the
rebound was sharper than expected in several channels most impacted by COVID-19 last year. Corporate,
Small Business and CDW Canada all delivered very healthy double-digit growth versus 2020 and are up
versus 2019, so the strong growth reflects more than easy comparisons.

As Chris mentioned, Education momentum continued, delivering the fourth consecutive quarter of over
$1 billion of net sales. On the supply side, while the backlog increased several hundred million dollars in
the second quarter, the team did a great job leveraging CDW's competitive advantages and supporting

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

stronger-than-expected demand so the backlog did not increase even more. Gross profit for the quarter
was $883 million, an increase of 18.2%. Gross margin was 17.2%, up approximately 10 basis points
versus last year primarily driven by an increase in the mix of net service contract revenue, primarily
Software as a Service and strong professional services performance partially offset by overlapping higher-
margin configuration services for the Census project last year.

Turning to SG&A on Slide 9. Non-GAAP SG&A increased 13.6%. The increase was primarily driven by
payroll costs, including sales compensation, which moves with gross profit growth; performance-based
compensation consistent with higher attainment against goals; and investments in the business, including
coworker count to drive our strategy. Coworker count at the end of the second quarter was 10,666.
Coworker count increased 480 from the first quarter and 618 from the prior year. The increase in coworker
count reflects organic and inorganic investments to support high-growth solution areas and our digital
transformation. GAAP operating income was $370 million, up 30.5%. Non-GAAP operating income, which
better reflects operating performance, was $418 million, up 23.6%. Non-GAAP operating income margin
was 8.1%.

Moving to Slide 10. Interest expense was $36 million, down 10.6%. The decrease was primarily due to
savings from last year's refinancing, a lower LIBOR rate and lower revolving credit facility borrowings.
Other income reflects $36 million from the sale of our ownership interest in an equity method investment.
Proceeds from the sale were excluded from non-GAAP metrics.

Our GAAP effective tax rate, shown on Slide 11, was 26.2%. This resulted in second quarter tax expense
of $97 million compared to $56 million last year. To get to our non-GAAP effective tax rate, we adjust
taxes consistent with non-GAAP net income add-backs, as shown on Slide 12. For the quarter, our non-
GAAP effective tax rate was 25.4%, up 50 basis points versus last year's rate primarily due to higher
foreign taxes.

As you can see on Slide 13, with second quarter weighted average diluted shares outstanding of 142
million, GAAP net income per share was $1.93, up 47.4%. Our non-GAAP net income was $286 million in
the quarter, up 27%. Non-GAAP net income per share was $2.02, up 29.3% from last year.

Turning to first half results on Slides 14 through 19. Net sales were $10 billion, an increase of 14% on a
reported basis and 14.9% on an average daily sales basis as we had 1 fewer selling day in the first half
of 2021. The 1 fewer selling day will be made up in Q4 when we have 1 extra selling day compared to the
prior year. On a constant currency average daily sales basis, first half consolidated net sales were 13.6%
higher than the prior year. Gross profit was $1.7 billion, up 11.6%, and gross profit margin was 16.8%,
down approximately 40 basis points. Operating income was $693 million and non-GAAP operating income
was $786 million, up 22.4%. Net income was $507 million and non-GAAP net income was $536 million, up
25.9%. Non-GAAP net income per share was $3.76, up 27.9%.

Turning to the balance sheet on Slide 20. At June 30, cash and cash equivalents were $0.5 billion and net
debt was $3.4 billion. Liquidity remains strong with cash plus revolver availability of approximately $1.7
billion. Year-to-date, free cash flow was $110 million, as shown on Slide 21. This was lighter than a typical
first half but expected given last year's record $1.2 billion of free cash flow, which benefited from timing
and onetime items. Year-to-date, we saw some of the timing reverse as we mixed out of vendors with
extended payment terms, additionally, working capital increases during periods of rapid growth and we
made strategic investments in inventory to support customers during this choppy supply environment. For
the quarter, we deployed cash consistent with our capital allocation priorities, returning $433 million to
shareholders, including $56 million of dividends and $377 million of share repurchases at an average price
of approximately $170 per share.

Moving to Slide 22. The 3-month average cash conversion cycle was 21 days, down 4 days from last
year's second quarter. The decrease was primarily driven by improved accounts receivable collection
performance.

Turning to capital allocation on Slide 23. Our priorities remain the same: first, increase the dividend in line
with non-GAAP net income. To guide these increases, we will target the dividend at approximately 25% of
non-GAAP net income and to grow in line with earnings going forward. Second, ensure we have the right

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

capital structure in place with a targeted net leverage ratio of 2.5 to 3x. We ended the second quarter at
2.1x, up 0.4 of a turn from year-end. Third, supplement organic growth with strategic acquisitions. Focal
Point and Amplified IT are great examples. And fourth, return excess cash after dividends and M&A to
shareholders through share repurchases.

Going forward, we expect to continue to move closer to our target net leverage range of 2.5 to 3x through
a combination of organic investments, M&A and cash returned to shareholders. We now expect to return
over $1.7 billion to shareholders in 2021, including at least $1.5 billion for share repurchases with the
balance from dividends. This $0.5 billion increase from last quarter's comments reflects our confidence in
the cash flow generation and earnings power of the business. We remain active in evaluating M&A targets,
and we'll continue to deploy capital for M&A that passes our screens. Of course, as we always do, we'll
closely monitor the macroeconomic environment, liquidity, M&A activity, leverage and adjust as needed.

Moving to the outlook for 2021 on Slide 24. The current environment continues to be challenging to
forecast with a high degree of confidence. On the demand side, we continue to see strong activity and
momentum, particularly with U.S. commercial customers and in CDW Canada. On the supply side, visibility
remains a challenge. Notebooks, displays, docking stations, certain infrastructure hardware, including
networking and servers, are constrained, resulting in longer lead times and a higher backlog. With the
exception of Chromebooks, the supply environment has not improved since our last earnings call, and
most vendor partners do not expect the situation to improve in the second half. With that context, our
updated outlook is for the U.S. IT market to grow approximately 5%. We expect CDW net sales to grow
425 to 500 basis points faster than the market in constant currency, including the contribution from Focal
Point. Currency is expected to be a tailwind of approximately 80 basis points for the full year, assuming
exchange rates of $1.36 to the British pound and $0.79 to the Canadian dollar.

Moving down the P&L. We continue to expect non-GAAP operating income margin to be in the mid-7%
range for 2021. We now expect non-GAAP constant currency earnings per share growth in the strong mid-
teens, call it, 16% to 16.5%. Currency is expected to contribute an additional approximately 70 basis
points to earnings per share growth. The updated full year outlook for non-GAAP earnings per share is an
increase of approximately $0.35 over last quarter.

Additional modeling thoughts for annual depreciation and amortization, interest expense and the non-
GAAP tax rate can be found on Slide 25. Moving to modeling thoughts for the third quarter. The 2015 to
2019 5-year average sequential increase from Q2 to Q3 on an average daily sales basis was approximately
4%, and we expect this year's third quarter to be in line with normal seasonality, which equates to low
double-digit year-over-year growth. We expect third quarter non-GAAP earnings per share to grow low
double digits. Our updated outlook for the balance of the year assumes modest growth in the backlog.
If supply turns out to be more resilient, enabling us to work down the backlog or keep pace with even
stronger demand, that would be upside to the outlook. We feel good about the health of the business and
believe supply uncertainty is a question of timing across the second half and into 2022.

Our long-term free cash flow rule of thumb remains unchanged at 3.75% to 4.25% of net sales, assuming
current tax rates. Given the timing impacts that contributed to 2020's significant overdelivery, we continue
to expect 2021 free cash flow to be at or slightly below the low end of the range. Additional modeling
thoughts on the components of free cash flow, including capital expenditures and the cash conversion
cycle, can also be found on Slide 25.
As we always do, we will provide updated views on the macro environment and our business on future
earnings calls. That concludes the financial summary. With that, I'll ask Tamia to open it up for questions.
[Operator Instructions]

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matt Cabral with Credit Suisse.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Yes. It sounds like a strong quarter on the client device side again. There's some concern out in the
marketplace around just the sustainability of PC and Chromebook demand. Curious what you're hearing
from your customers around sustainability of demand. And I guess also heard the commentary about the
backlog continuing to grow. Just curious how much of that increase was within PC specifically and when do
you think you'll actually be able to catch up to that backlog.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Matt, it's Chris. Look, on demand, I would tell you what we're seeing from customers is continued
resiliency and need for devices, whether it is more devices in the hands of people who are working
remotely or at least partially remotely, kids in school, new use cases, the ability to utilize the stimulus
dollars now to buy those devices. And then you add on refresh that's coming up, pretty large installed
base that's looking towards refresh. I would just tell you that the demand feels resilient. Vis-à-vis CDW,
we certainly have some tough overlaps, some compares we're looking at in K-12 given the enormous
growth last year. But generally speaking, demand remains solid. On the supply side, Chromebooks have
really started to ease up a little bit. That's -- the OEMs had to plan for that last fall and they did, but we
are still seeing supply constraints with regard to some notebooks.

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Matt, I would just add in terms of the composition of the growth in the backlog. As Chris said,
notebooks certainly contributed to that with Chromebooks getting better, but we did see backlog growth
in some of the other areas in the transactional part of the business, things like displays and panels and
monitors, things like that. And then we also saw the backlog increase across some infrastructure products.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then for my follow-up, on the operating margin, you guys just did 8.1%. And if I
look at the first half, you're slightly below 8%. I guess the full year guidance, if I heard it correctly, is still
for mid-7s. So I guess just wondering what the offsets are in the second half of the year. And maybe just
help us bridge from that first half to the second half.

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. On the full year guide, mid-7s, obviously there's a range there. I'd expect us probably to be at the
stronger end of that mid-7s. But as you think about the back half of the year, as we talked about in
our prepared comments, we believe now is the time to invest in the business, and we will continue to
aggressively invest in the business. You saw that we added nearly 500 coworkers in the second quarter.
As those coworkers come into the P&L, obviously all of that's not reflected as we go forward. So we'll be
carrying 2 full quarters of expense for that and continuing to make additional investments in the business.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with Evercore.

Lexi Curnin

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

This is Lexi Curnin on for Amit. And I guess, Collin, you just mentioned investing back into the business.
And it would be great if you could talk about some of those initiatives that you're set to undertake there.

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, I'm happy to take that. It's really a variety of initiatives, both organically and inorganically. On the
organic side, we continue to invest behind the areas -- solutions areas that are particularly high value to
our customers, so customer-facing coworkers and technical areas, both on the presales and the service
delivery side. I think you began to see some of the fruits of those investments in the second quarter as we
referenced the success that we were having in the professional services part of the business. We are also
making investments in our own digital transformation into our own infrastructure to drive productivity with
our sales force and how we interact with customers and just how we scale and operate the business more
efficiently.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I guess first, talk about what the drivers are behind the assumption of greater share gains this year, which
is reflected in the 425 to 500 basis point growth premium.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

In terms of our increase, look, if you look at where we've had meaningful growth, client devices, video,
other hardware categories and what customers' priorities are going forward, where they're allocating more
technology spend to infrastructure needs, we don't think the market is growing at the same rate that we
are growing. So we're flowing some of that increase through to our premium. And as you know, the CDW
tends to outpace the U.S. IT market by more than 200 to 300 basis points in periods of hardware refresh.
So we tend to overindex because we have more recognized at the net line. The one thing I would say is
supply remains a wildcard. Collin's talked about it. I've talked about it. We're not underestimating supply.
The teams have done a phenomenal job, frankly, in managing it and getting our fair, fair share. But we
think that given the mix of what we're seeing our customers buy and how that hits the top line, that's
what's driving this -- the view on that.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

But also just to follow up on that, Chris, it does seem like the supply environment is working to your favor.
It's hitting everyone but it seems like it's hitting your business less than others, and that's also driving
some of the share gains. Is that fair?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Well, yes, that is fair, Katy, to some extent. Look, our distribution center, our logistics capabilities, all the
things that we talk about put us in a position where we -- customers are betting on us. They're turning
to us as their best bet to get supply, and partners understand that. So I'd like to say we get our fair, fair
share. You can say we get our unfair share, but we do tend to benefit in supply-constrained environment.
That said, I just -- I'll repeat what we've been saying for the past couple of quarters. It's so prevalent at
this point and the visibility is very difficult that it's hard to really have a good view over the next couple of
quarters other than just saying we think it's going to get a little worse before it gets better.

It's going to continue into next year. But I'll tell you, we've been working very closely with our OEMs, and
they've just been terrific. And we're also working closely with customers to find choices for them if they're
willing to move their requirements and their standards, which small businesses are, others aren't. But yes,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

we generally -- because we can create a solution and deliver to customers, we generally get our greater-
than-fair share, if you will.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I guess maybe a follow-up for Collin. As you turned into the September quarter and the month of July, was
-- did you see any change in the pace of order growth or the degree of supply constraints in the first few
weeks of the current quarter?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Katy, we're really not providing more detail on Q3 intra-quarter beyond what we shared in the
comments, which was we continue to see strong activity and momentum, particularly with commercial
customers and in CDW Canada. And on the supply side, we are expecting modest growth in the backlog as
we move throughout the year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

And congratulations on great results and the increased outlook. There's a bit of a debate out there about
double-bookings and over-ordering from basically every end market. So I was hoping you could kind of
give some commentary because I would kind of assume, and maybe I'm wrong, that small and midsized
businesses and Education really can't and don't double-order because they just don't have quite the large
needs as maybe, say, the Fortune 100 companies where they know they're going to always need so much.
Maybe I'm wrong on that, but any thoughts about double-ordering from your end markets? And then that
leads to the follow-up question part about the concern about a potential pocket of error or a slowdown
post when the supply chain gets back to equilibrium. Any commentaries on those would be great.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes, sure. I'll start with the first one in terms of double-ordering. Of course, that's something that we
would -- we always worry about and look at carefully in this type of environment. What I'd tell you is the
information that we are working with our OEMs to get and provide some level of visibility to our customers
is resonating really well. And therefore, they have a level of confidence when CDW says it's going to be
8 weeks or 12 weeks and we can get it, that we actually have it or can get it. We have seen minimal, if
really any, double-ordering with our customers. So we feel very confident in the orders have come in, in
our backlog and in the way that we're operating with the customers.

In terms of an air pocket, Collin, do you want to chat a little bit about backlog supply and air pockets?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Sure, Chris. Maybe I'll just add a little bit on to the double-ordering comment as well, Jim. I think
also, when you think about what the majority of our customers are ordering, they're not widgets. It's
customized to the specs of a large corporate customer or the needs of the school district. And the thought
that you're going to place an order like that with multiple vendors, I think, is low. At the very small end,
a small office, home office customer that needs 20 notebooks, is it possible that there's some double-
ordering going on there? Yes. But I think overall, when you look at the backlog, we feel pretty good that
those are firm orders sitting in the backlog.

The comment I'll make actually gets into your next one. What we have seen, though, is what I would call
an order pull-forward, where customers are placing orders sooner than they might normally because of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

the supply environment or to try to get ahead of expected price increases from our OEM vendor partners.
So sitting in that backlog is a little bit of a pull-forward. And I think that's getting to your question around
the air pocket. I guess the way I think about it is there's a little bit of a hedge here. To the extent that
there may then be a little bit of a lull in the ordering, if at some point in the future, orders return to a
normal timing and flow pattern, we would also then have the flush of the backlog at some point in time.
So I think maybe that's one way to think about it.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

I wanted to ask about some of the stimulus programs that are out there and being discussed and how
you think it may benefit -- I realize timing is a question. But thinking about the infrastructure plan that's
being discussed, also E-Rate, I think there were some changes to that. And then are you hearing any of
the education customers talking about using some of the prior stimulus? Because I think there's still an
awful lot of that money floating around.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Shannon. Well, yes, to all your questions. Let me start with Education. There's the Emergency
Connectivity Act, which is about $7.1 billion, and we have worked closely with educational systems to tap
that. So that's been something that the Education customers are very focused on and taking advantage of
with our help facilitating and navigating, so absolutely there.

And we also say State & Local, we've talked about the 3 rounds of stimulus funding, last March, last
December, this March and how that impacted State & Local, in particular, because in December's
Appropriations Act, there was no additional funding for State & Local. So State & Local tended to pause,
kind of step back and say, what's going to happen in the next round. Well, in the next round, which was
this March, there were dollars allocated to State & Local. So we have now seen the use of those funds pick
up. I'd tell you that the first couple of months in this quarter was a lot of assessing, understanding, again,
working with our customers to help them understand how to tap the funds and where we get the money,
how to get the money, et cetera. But we did see a nice pickup in the last part of second quarter in terms
of using the stimulus dollars. So that's another area where we're seeing strength in stimulus.

In terms of the packages coming forward, the new ones coming out yet to be seen, we'll review those.
And to the extent that there's opportunity to help our customers, certainly, we'll take advantage of
those. Clearly, the focus of the administration on things like technology infrastructure or technology
as infrastructure and cybersecurity are high on the list of priorities for our customers, and we have
capabilities that can help them to both implement solutions around those but, more importantly, navigate
the stimulus funds. So we'll -- I think we'll be very effective in doing that.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Okay. And then just a quick follow-up. In terms of cash flow, is there anything we should think about? I'm
just -- the demand is so strong in so many areas and you have backlog. And that -- I mean, how should
we think about cash flow dynamics from a working capital perspective in coming quarters? Because I
would assume it's somewhat of a fluid situation.

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Shannon. From a cash flow perspective, obviously as the business experiences rapid growth, we do
make an investment in working capital, and you saw some of that in the quarter. And as I mentioned in
my prepared remarks, we have intentionally been carrying higher inventory levels, specifically customer-
specific inventory to help them work through rollouts of their projects. So I think as long as we're in this

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

choppy supply environment, I would expect inventory to be running higher than typical levels. As it relates
to our total free cash flow, we were down in the first half of the year relative to a normal first half of the
year. I would attribute that, though, mostly to the strong timing and things we benefit from in the prior
year and not indicative of any type of change in the future free cash flow generation capability of the
business.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ruplu Bhattacharya with Bank of America.

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Securities, Research Division

Chris, can you give us your thoughts on the Federal business? I mean you're facing tough comps from the
U.S. Census project. But just wondering when that business can turn around and grow year-on-year. Are
there projects that you're seeing where some government agencies probably have PCs that are coming
up that are -- Windows 10 PCs even that are coming up for replacement. So just your thoughts on the
opportunity set that you have in federal and when that business can turn around from a year-on-year
growth standpoint.

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Ruplu, what I would say about the fed business is we have a number of large opportunities that
are going to be rolling out in the second half of the year and others that we're pursuing. Overlapping the
Census project, we knew we had that and we had another -- a number of other very large client-device
projects last year. So what we've got sitting in the back half of the year is not going to be enough, likely,
to overcome that. But Ruplu, the beauty of our model is the diversity of our customer end markets. So
we said having such strength last year in the Census and kind of coming back this year, if you will, with
I'd say -- next year, 2022, picking up from a growth perspective, we've got all of our other customer end
markets that are going to be constrained.

The other thing I would just say is a reminder of the Federal space. The Census deal and some other
deals that we're doing there are, frankly, that we're working on that are fairly similar, really reflects the
positioning that we have with our customers in that customer end market, which is a real thought leader,
a real solutions provider and a services-first player. So kudos to the team for continuing to grow our
reputation and capabilities. And we can see it paying off in the opportunities that we've got in the pipeline.

Ruplu Bhattacharya
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. And just for my follow-up, Collin, can I ask, of the 50 basis points improvement sequentially that
you saw in operating margin, is there a way to quantify how much of that was mix versus higher volumes
or FX? And is there anything in that, that is not sustainable going forward?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Ruplu. If you think about it, the gross margin improved sequentially. We went from a 16.4% to 17.2.
%, so that was 80 basis points. Now we have a variable cost structure so not all of that passes to the
operating margin. I would say that there are some elements of seasonality in that. When you think about
-- there's a software vendor, a big partner of ours who has a fiscal year-end in June. And as we mentioned
in our comments, we had very strong software results and very strong cloud and Software as a Service
results. So we did benefit seasonally from mixing into some netted-down items there that I wouldn't
expect to recur at necessarily the same pace in the second half of the year.

And then also our partner funding improved a bit sequentially from Q1 to Q2. Our partners reimburse
some of our advertising. And as we increased our advertising investment sequentially, you saw part of
that sitting in the gross margin. So I think most of the increase then is primarily explained by the gross
margin. And then in terms of how you think about the back half of the year, I just -- the comment I made

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

to Matt earlier in the call around we are continuing to invest in the business, and that coworker count gets
layered in and you'll have full quarter's worth of that expense coming up in subsequent quarters.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel.

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I wanted to ask, again, regarding the strength that you're seeing on the Corporate side, reacceleration
there. And you did talk about on-prem infrastructure spending. Is that just based on pent-up demand? Are
you seeing companies reinvest as they're getting back to the office? And in terms of the areas you talked
about, networking, you've talked about servers, could you just give more color on what you're seeing
there?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Matt, thanks for the question. It's a little bit of everything you mentioned there. We certainly are
seeing this driven by folks getting back to the office. We're seeing it pent-up demand. I think one of -- our
leader in the solutions area for our partner relationships kind of refer to 2020 as a rain delay in terms of
as we think about refresh. And that's not a bad way to think about it. Last year was a pause on a lot of
things. So now we're seeing servers growing double digits. Certainly, what our customers are focusing on
is things like workload optimization and application performance. And so that's where they're focusing to
invest in infrastructure. And ultimately, frankly, this is tied to supporting digital transformation, which is at
the forefront of every customers' mind.

So I think if we look forward, hybrid work is driving assessment on what customers are going to need,
some supporting the office. As we get new next-gen releases in compute technologies, given the analytic-
heavy nature of the future and the analytics that customers are needing to really win and compete in the
marketplace, I think we're going to continue to see some upgrades in the needs there. And then in the
other areas like storage, what we're seeing now is a real enhanced focus on data center observability.
So customers are looking at costs and optimizing operations. And so there's a growing rejuvenation in
monitoring and automation. And so our digital velocity and ServiceNow businesses are really on fire. And
we're just continuing to scrutinize the spend.

Now that said, where customers are ending up, I think, and it's proved out by how customers are in-
housing the future is a multi-cloud world, which includes on-prem, on public cloud-like capabilities, which
is growing in terms of ease of access as well as multiple clouds that they're using. Last year, I think we
talked about, and earlier this year, about customers really taking a step back and reassessing how to
optimize their infrastructure, and that's what we're seeing. The good news is whether they're refreshing
and updating, whether they're moving to a meter-consumption model on-prem, whether they're going
colo, whether they're moving workloads to various clouds, public clouds, we're helping them at the front
end to plan that, then to implement the plan. So it keeps us right front and center of helping them to
deploy their infrastructure strategy.

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Got it. And my second question regarding the Education market. Obviously, it's been a huge growth area
for you, now running roughly 20% of revenue versus low to mid-teens '18, '19. So -- and you talked
about some of the continued strong drivers, including funding. At some point, though, I would expect a
lot of that spending to wind down. So what should we expect in terms of the base case for that market? It
should be higher because you've got a lot more school districts using devices, maintenance, et cetera. But
how should we think about that business long term for you?

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Yes, it's a great question, and we continue to see it as a growth opportunity. If we just think about the
various cycles we've been through in K-12, you can go back 10 years, when Chromebooks were introduced
and we created this white-glove service, and then we help to see modernization of the classroom.
And every cycle that Education has been through, CDW's been at the forefront of helping educators,
administrators, technologists to figure out the best way to teach kids, to educate in the classroom and now
outside the classroom in different ways, in the learning -- in a typical facility, at home, in the classroom.
So we continue to see it as a growth opportunity because of the natural evolution of education in this
country and in our other markets.

I think, certainly, given how strong last year was, in particular, Q4, I don't think we're going to see the
kind of equity in access, the classroom experience opportunities that we're selling into, we're not going
to see ourselves overlap or overcome how well we did last quarter. But over the long term, Matt, I would
say it's a great market. We have fantastic expertise, especially when you think about Amplified IT, the
acquisition we did last quarter. And we're seeing traction in the market incredibly strong. So we're very
bullish on K-12.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Keith Housum with North Coast Research.

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Just a quick question here on the latest acquisition of Focal Point Data. Can you give us a little bit of color
in terms of like the margin profile? And I guess what I'm trying to look at here is how quick or what's
going to be the impact on the overall operating margins of CDW over the next year or 2. I mean I'm
assuming we'd expect that to go higher because of these acquisitions. But hopefully, you could provide
some color so we can get an idea of the context.

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Keith, we typically would not provide that level of granularity with our acquisitions. I guess it's -- while
strategically important and of high value to our customers and sellers, it is a services business. So in
terms of just absolute magnitude of contribution to CDW, I would say the impact will be relatively small.
And as we stated in the press release on Monday, I expect it not to have a material impact to earnings for
the full year.

I guess what I would say, though, is, I mean, if you look at the investments we've been making over the
past couple of quarters, we have been picking up the services businesses that are of high value to our
customers. And I think collectively, they're contributing to some of the gross margin strength, and you
saw that in the second quarter, and we commented on it. So I wouldn't call out anything specifically but
would just say, in aggregate, the investments we're making behind the services businesses in the high-
growth areas that are value to our customers are helping the margin.

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Great. I appreciate it. And then looking at the overall environment now. Obviously, raw materials are a
significant cost of the component increases that we're seeing in technology. Is there a way to kind of like
provide an average of what you're seeing in terms of price increases within your biggest sellers? I mean
are we seeing 4% to 5% increases right now? And is that going to contribute to growth here not only in
the second half of the year but into next year as well?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

In terms of contribution to our sales growth, Keith?

Keith Michael Housum

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Yes.

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. That's a difficult question to answer at a portfolio level because much of what we sell doesn't have a
hardware unit associated with it, right, when you think about software, services, cloud and then you see
things like value shifting to the software for integrated solutions. But maybe one way to think about it is if
I pick a big category like client devices, which were up high teens in the quarter, we saw balanced growth
in terms of both units and ASPs, average selling price, and that was true for most customer end markets.
So it's a combination of both unit growth and pricing.

Operator

Our final question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I guess in your prepared remarks and through the call, you've talked about max investments and this
being the right time to invest back in the business. Just wondering how should we think about that and
interpret that from a model perspective. Like are we entering a period of time when your OpEx increases
will be more in line with revenue growth? Or does the longer-term model still remain kind of for OpEx to
be below -- OpEx increases to be below revenue growth? And just trying to figure out where we are in
terms of time period of investment, and I have a follow-up as well.

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Samik. We haven't provided multiyear thoughts, just a view for the year. And you can see for the
full year, continue to believe we'll deliver a mid-7 operating margin. So you can then think about those
investments being funded within the context of that, those thoughts around the operating margin.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Okay. Just a quick follow-up. I think from -- you mentioned for 3Q, you're expecting it to be very
in line with seasonality that you've seen historically. If I walk through the numbers and try to get an
implied 4Q here, it does look like you're -- and if I'm doing the math right, it looks like you're guiding
something very in line again with seasonality. Just thinking with all the backlog that you have and the
demand backdrop that we are in, where things are pretty strong, is that the right way to look at it given
that expecting a seasonal moderation in December? Or should we be expecting something better?

Collin B. Kebo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, I think you can do the math, given the thoughts on the guide for the third quarter and then what's
left over for the fourth. I would just be careful about your thoughts on the backlog. As we said, we don't
assume an improvement in the backlog at our full year modeling thoughts. So that's not captured. And
if the backlog were to get worked down, that would be upside to the outlook. And I think when you run
the math on what the implied Q4 growth rate is year-over-year, that's again just a reflection of some of
the big overlaps that we've been talking about, specifically within Education in the fourth quarter. Last
year, we had the large Mississippi Department of Education deal and obviously a big contribution from the
Census that the devices came back.

Operator

I would now like to turn the call back over to Ms. Chris Leahy for closing remarks.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Christine A. Leahy
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Tamia. And let me close by saying I'd like to acknowledge, first, the incredible dedication of
our coworkers around the globe and their extraordinary commitment to serving our customers, partners
and all of our CDW stakeholders, particularly this quarter, our first quarter delivering over $5 billion in
sales, an extraordinary quarter, supporting our customers. Thank you all. Thank you also to our customers
for the great privilege and opportunity to serve you. And to our investors and analysts participating in the
call, we appreciate you and your continued interest and support of CDW. We look forward to talking to you
again next quarter. Thank you.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CDW CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

