Charter Communications, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:CHTR
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, July 30, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

4.99

5.29

Revenue  (mm)

12617.62

12802.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-28-2021 10:38 PM GMT

6.01

1.46

5.24

20.39

27.91

12800.46

50986.76

53733.38

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.25

4.94

4.42

4.99

4.13

5.96

4.23

5.29

27.08 %

20.65 %

(4.30 %)

6.01 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher L. Winfrey
Chief Financial Officer

Stefan Anninger
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Thomas M. Rutledge
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Bryan D. Kraft
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Craig Eder Moffett
MoffettNathanson LLC

Douglas David Mitchelson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jessica Jean Reif Ehrlich
BofA Securities, Research Division

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Jonathan Chaplin
New Street Research LLP

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Steven Lee Cahall
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Charter's Second Quarter 2021 Investor Call.
[Operator Instructions] Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead.

Stefan Anninger
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to Charter's Second Quarter 2021 Investor Call. The presentation that
accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section.

Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary
statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and also our 10-Q filed this
morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call, however, we
encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations,
predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated
results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only, and Charter undertakes
no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the
future.

During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled
in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to
measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this
call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise specified.

On today's call, we have Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, let's
turn the call over to Tom.

Thomas M. Rutledge
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Stefan. Our operating strategy continues to deliver good customer growth and even better
financial growth. While second quarter residential customer activity remained lower than normal,
residential sales activity is slowly picking up. And because churn continues to be so low, those trends are
having a meaningful impact on our net additions and even larger impact on our financial growth rates.

Our commercial business also saw improvements in the second quarter. Small business sales were up
versus second quarter of 2019, and enterprise sales continued to steadily improve. Advertising also
improved with second quarter revenue exceeding second quarter 2019 levels, driven by our advanced
advertising products. So our view is the economy is improving, and our business trajectory is normalizing.

For the full quarter, we added over 330,000 customer relationships with a customer growth of 4.2% year-
over-year. We also added 400,000 Internet customers in the quarter and 1.5 million over the last year for
year-over-year growth of 5.5%. We added 265,000 mobile lines, and we grew our adjusted EBITDA by
11.8% and our free cash flow by over $200 million year-over-year. We remain focused on driving customer
growth by offering high-quality products and service under an operating strategy, which works well in
various market conditions.

We've spoken significantly about wireless convergence and the capital-efficient nature of our expanding
network capabilities and products. The key piece of our strategy also includes treating service as a product
itself and giving our customers the flexibility to manage their Spectrum services and interactions with
us whenever and however they want. We are improving the quality and efficiency of our interactions
with customers by expanding our customer self-service and self-care capabilities and digitizing and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

modernizing a number of elements our customers feel that network operations groups can use. Those
efforts improve the customer experience and the quality of our products while reducing transactions with
customers, lowering churn, extending average customer life and reducing costs.

We've responded to digital and self-service trends in several ways. Today, over 20% of our residential
relationship sales are generated through our online channel, with fully automated provisioning and
installation scheduling and zero touch by Charter. And close to 85% of our sales take advantage of our
self-installation program, reducing costs and driving higher customer satisfaction. Today, customers also
choose their preferred medium of interacting with us when they have questions or service issues, including
digital chat, phone, online, in person at one of our stores or via the Spectrum app.

Our ability to avoid and manage network impairments has improved significantly over the last several
years by using machine learning to pinpoint potential service degradation in real time and often, in
advance, allowing us to avoid disruption altogether. We're now coupling that information with customers'
preferred communications to proactively notify them of maintenance and restoration.

Today, over 60% of our customers engage with us exclusively via digital means when they have a service
question or issue. Customers that still want to interact with us via phone can do so, and service from our
call centers continues to become more efficient, given new tools we're deploying which enhance our ability
to properly answer questions and solve the first -- for the first time, customer calls. And the fact that our
call center workforce is U.S.-based and fully in-sourced with employees who have training and career
paths here at Charter enhances that.

In aggregate, all of our efforts have reduced total customer transactions, including billing and service
calls, repeat service calls, truck rolls and network impairments, all of which improved the quality of our
products. We're executing well, yet we remain early in the process of optimizing our services product.

So together with our network and product capabilities, we remain confident in our ability to grow our
customers, EBITDA and free cash flow for many years to come. That confidence stems from a number
of factors, including the demand for our connectivity products, including the long-term growth rate and
usage on both wireline and wireless networks; our ability to deliver unique, fully converged connectivity
services -- connectivity service package while saving customers hundreds or even thousands of dollars a
year. And our share of household connectivity spend, including mobile and fixed broadband, is still low.
From a passings perspective, we remain underpenetrated to our long-term opportunity.

Finally, our capital-efficient path to expand network capability and improve the quality of our products in a
manner that's more capital efficient than our competitors gives us a structural advantage to compete over
the long term. Ultimately, our strategy is founded on the principle of providing superior services at highly
competitive prices.

Now I'll turn the call over to Chris.

Christopher L. Winfrey
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Tom. As we discussed last quarter, given the effects of COVID in 2020, 2019 remains the better
customer growth comparison for 2021. We'll continue to reference the COVID schedules we've provided
last year and included again on Slides 17 and 18 of today's presentation to help with the year-over-year
financial comparisons.

Turning to our results on Slide 5. We grew total residential and SMB customer relationships by 1.3 million
in the last 12 months and by over 330,000 in the second quarter. Including residential and SMB, we grew
our Internet customers by 400,000 in the quarter and by 1.5 million or 5.5% over the last 12 months.
Video declined by 50,000 in the second quarter, and wireline voice declined by 78,000.

In residential Internet, we added a total of 365,000 customers in the quarter, higher than the 221,000
that we gained during the second quarter of 2019. Our residential video customers declined by 63,000
less than the loss of 150,000 we saw in the second quarter of 2019. In wireline voice, we lost 99,000

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

residential customers in the quarter, also less than the loss of 207,000 in the second quarter of 2019, and
that was driven by continued fixed to mobile substitution.

Turning to mobile. We added 265,000 mobile lines in the quarter. And as of the end of the quarter, we had
2.9 million mobile lines. Despite the lower number of selling opportunities from cable sales, we continue to
drive mobile growth with our high-quality, attractively priced service rather than using device subsidies.

A few things to keep in mind when reviewing this quarter's customer results. First, we estimate that
60,000 of our residential Internet net adds would not have occurred without the Emergency Broadband
Benefit program, or EBB, which launched in May. These incremental Internet net adds had little impact on
our video and voice net adds. Some of what we estimate as business-as-usual sales also enrolled in the
EBB program, as did some of our existing customers. Those customers did not impact our second quarter
customer net adds.

Second quarter customer net adds also benefited from certain state-mandated moratoriums on Internet,
video and voice disconnects. Internet benefited by about 40,000, with video and voice net additions
also benefiting, but by loss. Some states have recently ended their moratoriums. So similar to our KAC
customers last year, we will work with these customers to forgive portions of their bills and provide
financing options to customers. And we expect to keep them as customers, same as we did with the KAC
program.

Looking at the bigger picture. Residential customer activity levels in the marketplace, including sales,
churn and particularly nonpay churn, are taking a bit longer than we expected to return to normal levels.
As a result, our first half 2021 financials have been better than we expected, driven by lower operating
expense given lower transactions and significantly lower bad debt. We continue to expect transaction
volume to pick up in the second half of this year, driving more selling opportunities in the market for cable
and mobile, and we still expect full year Internet and customer relationships to be at or above 2019 net
additions. So the financial effects that we expected of a higher churn environment and expected higher
sales for Charter as a share taker could accrue later in 2021 or even into 2022.

Moving to financial results, starting on Slide 6. Over the last year, we grew total residential customers
by 1.2 million or 4.1%. Residential revenue per customer relationship increased by 1.8% year-over-year
given last year's second quarter residential revenue write-down of $76 million for customers in the Keep
Americans Connected program as well as bill credits that we provided last year as part of the remote
education offer, which provided 2 months of free Internet. Those onetime comparison benefits were partly
offset by the same bundle and mixed trends we've seen over the past year, including a higher mix of
nonvideo customers and a higher mix of choice, essentials and stream customers within our video base.

Keep in mind that our residential ARPU does not reflect any mobile revenue. Slide 6 shows residential
revenue grew by 6.8% year-over-year, reflecting customer relationship growth and last year's COVID
impacts.

Turning to commercial. SMB revenue grew by 6%, and this growth rate reflects COVID-related impacts
of $17 million that negatively impacted the second quarter of 2020. Excluding this impact from last year,
SMB revenue grew by 4.2%, faster than last quarter's growth.

Enterprise revenue was up by 5.1% year-over-year and was also negatively impacted last year by $18
million due to COVID credits. Excluding this impact from last year, enterprise revenue grew by 2% and by
5.8% when additionally excluding wholesale revenue. Enterprise PSUs grew by 3.7% year-over-year.

First quarter advertising revenue increased by 65% year-over-year, primarily due to COVID impact last
year. When compared to the second quarter of 2019, advertising revenue grew by 4%, primarily due
to our growing advertising -- advanced advertising capabilities, partly offset by lower local ad revenue.
Mobile revenue totaled $519 million, with $214 million of that revenue being device revenue. In total,
second quarter revenue was up 9.5% year-over-year.

Moving to operating expenses on Slide 7. In the second quarter, total operating expenses grew by $575
million or 8% year-over-year. Similar to revenue, the year-over-year operating expense growth rate is

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

elevated due to 2020 COVID effects. Programming increased 3.6% year-over-year due to higher rates,
offset by a higher mix of lighter video packages, such as Choice, Essentials and Stream.

Regulatory, connectivity and produced content grew by 36.9%, driven by more Lakers games than
normal this quarter given the delayed start to the NBA season combined with no Lakers or Dodger games
expensed in the prior year due to COVID-19. Excluding sports rights costs related to our RSNs, this
expense line item grew by 3.2% year-over-year.

Cost to service customers declined by 1.2% year-over-year compared to 4.2% customer relationship
growth. The decline was driven by lower transaction costs and lower bad debt, partly driven by
government stimulus packages. Excluding bad debt, cost to service customers was flat year-over-year
despite a higher number of customers and outsized hourly wage increases that we put through earlier this
year.

Marketing expenses grew by 3.1% year-over-year, driven by second quarter 2020 COVID impacts,
including lower media placement rates in 2020 and a payroll tax credit. Mobile expenses totaled $586
million and were comprised of mobile device cost tied to device revenue, customer acquisition and service
and operating cost. And other expenses grew by 13.5%, driven primarily by higher corporate costs and
advertising sales expense given the strength of ad sales this quarter, combined with the weakness in the
ad market in the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 11.8% in the quarter.

And turning to net income on Slide 8, we generated $1 billion of net income attributable to Charter
shareholders in the second quarter versus $766 million last year. The year-over-year increase was driven
by higher adjusted EBITDA.

Turning to Slide 9. Capital expenditures totaled $1.9 billion in the second quarter, in line with last
year's second quarter capital spend, driven by higher scalable infrastructure spend, primarily related to
augmentation of our network capacity at our normal pace for customer growth and usage with incremental
spending to reclaim the network headroom we maintained prior to COVID. This was offset by lower spend
on modems, routers and self-installation kits given the elevated sales volume in the second quarter of last
year.

We spent $124 million on mobile-related CapEx this quarter, which is mostly accounted for in support
capital and was driven by investments in back-office systems and mobile store build-outs. For the full year
2021, we continue to expect cable capital expenditures, excluding the RDOF investments, to be relatively
consistent as a percentage of cable revenue versus 2020.

As Slide 10 shows we generated nearly $2.1 billion of consolidated free cash flow this quarter, an increase
of 10.8% year-over-year. We've finished the quarter with $87.5 million in debt principal. Our current run
rate annualized cash interest, pro forma for financing activity completed in July, is $4 billion, $4.0 billion
to be exact. As of the end of the second quarter, our net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.3x.
We intend to stay at or just below the high end of our 4 to 4.5x leverage range.

In June, we converted Advance/Newhouse's preferred partnership units, which had a face value of $2.5
billion and paid a 6% coupon. They were converted into 9.3 million common partnership units, which
means we no longer pay $150 million in preferred dividends per year.

During the quarter, we repurchased 6.1 million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units,
totaling about $4 billion at an average price of $656 per share. Since September of 2016, we've
repurchased $47 billion or 36% of Charter's equity at an average price of $421 per share. So we have
a successful operating model and growth-oriented investment approach, which when coupled with the
unique balance sheet structure and improving capital allocation strategy, has and will produce cash flow
growth and shareholder value for years to come.
Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.

Craig Eder Moffett
MoffettNathanson LLC

I'm going to -- instead of talking about broadband, which everybody wants to talk about, I want to ask
about your other 2 big revenue drivers, wireless and business services. First, with business services, I
think you said last quarter the repricing is now largely over for the Time Warner Cable customers. Can
you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing in business services? It looks like with particularly weak
results from Verizon and AT&T, that share gains may have meaningfully accelerated now in the wake of
COVID.

And then with CBRS and wireless, I wonder if you could just talk about how much traffic you think you can
offload from the MVNO agreement. And what kind of time line do you think you'll be before you'll start to
see those traffic reductions onto your own network?

Christopher L. Winfrey
Chief Financial Officer

So let me -- I'll start with business, and then I take Tom will cover wireless. The -- on the business service
segment, you have to really distinguish between SMB and enterprise. So I'll start with what we're seeing
on SMB and then move to enterprise.

For SMB, as businesses recover, new businesses open, the share flow opportunity for us is growing, and
you see us returning to higher growth rates. And at the same time, most of the repricing in the SMB
space, with the legacy TWC base is behind us with the exception of the voice product. So it's largely
behind.

And so what you're seeing is accelerating net add growth accompanied by less price pressure, which is
resulting in accelerating sequential revenue growth in SMB. And we're steadily marching down a path
to continue to go higher on both. And I think the runway for us on SMB continues to be very long, even
though we're -- we have a meaningful percentage and participation in that marketplace.

On the enterprise side, we're lower penetrated, and our value-added opportunity is due to our significant
amount of deployed fiber throughout our footprint to be able to drive connectivity services as well
as software-defined network overlay products, including SD-WAN, unified communications. And so
our opportunity there is not only to provide more fiber connectivity, but to establish ourselves in the
marketplace for these additional services and increase the stickiness of our fiber connectivity with
additional product. And we're early on in that.

That marketplace had really slowed down significantly during COVID. And our selling activity is back and
above 2019 levels despite the fact that certain key markets of ours, L.A., New York City, are not back to
where they were. So despite that, we're above where we were in 2019, both from a units as well as a
revenue takeout on selling.

What you're not seeing is the full impact of that yet inside of our revenue for enterprise because those
sales have long cycle times to installation and, therefore, revenue conversion into billing. So our outlook
on that is pretty strong. It's going to continue slowly but continually get better and better in the enterprise
space. So we're optimistic about both the SMB and enterprise. And I think we can be a share taker there
for many years to come.

Thomas M. Rutledge
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Yes. And Craig, with regard to CBRS and offload, we have our first infrastructure project that we're
building that will use CBRS. That won't be active until early next year. And I don't anticipate any
meaningful national offload until beginning in '23.

But that said, we think this is a long-term opportunity, and we're a nascent player in the mobile space and
just beginning our acceleration. And we're incented to move significant amounts of traffic onto our own
network, and we already do through our WiFi network, which we can also optimize for traffic flow going
forward. And we can do the same with CBRS and potentially other parties as well.

So we have an opportunity to continuously lower our cost going forward and to -- even if we were not
using CBRS, we have an opportunity just through our volume of activity to continuously move down the
price curve. So we're optimistic about our ability to grow our mobile business and at the same time, take
costs out of our mobile business as it grows. And there are a variety of tools, including CBRS, that allow us
to do that. But I would say that without giving you an exact number, it would be material.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Jonathan Chaplin with New Street.

Jonathan Chaplin
New Street Research LLP

Chris, I'm wondering if you can give us an update on when you think you'll switch from splitting nodes
to potentially adding capacity to the plant with maybe an upgrade to 1.2 gigahertz with a high split. And
if that happens later this year, is that contained within the CapEx envelope that you've guided to for the
year?

Christopher L. Winfrey
Chief Financial Officer

So I'll start off and let Tom add into it. I don't think it's going to be -- one, we haven't announced a
definitive plan as of yet; two, if and when we're moving into a high-split territory. It's not going to be like
you're going to flip the switch nationally. You'll start off market by market. And it's not going to be heavy
inside of this year in any event. So I don't think it's going to have any material impact to our CapEx this
year.

As you look out over a 5-, 6-year period, really what you would be doing is using high split to replace
augmentation that you'd be doing otherwise to increase the capacity of our network. And so when you
look at it over a 5- to 6-year time period, it would be at very low, if any, incremental cost. There may be
pockets in that 5- to 6-year window where you'd be doing effectively capital pull forward. And I'd like to
use the word lumpiness you might have in some of your capital expenditure.

But we're going to do what's right. And if we can move fast and get additional augmentation and capacity,
we'd do it, but I don't see a material impact this year. And over a 5- to 6-year period, I don't think it
changes the trajectory of our investment cycle. It'd give us additional capabilities, additional speeds at a
lower cost than what we'd otherwise incur.

Thomas M. Rutledge
Chairman & CEO

The only thing I would add is the one thing it does, it gives you the ability to sell symmetrical data
speeds at over a gig. And you can do that without really spending out much incremental capital. And at
the moment, we really don't need that from a market-facing perspective or from -- I mean, there's a
perception issue in the market, but in terms of product use, there's none. And so we don't need it yet from
a marketing perspective.

And it's not the only tool in our toolbox. We have other technologies, including DOCSIS 4.0 and Full
Duplex, which we can use selectively and efficiently wherever augmentation or product definitions require.
But I think the main thing to keep in mind is that the pathway we have to continuously upgrade our
network capabilities is very efficient from a capital perspective and flexible.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Michael Rollins with Citi.

Christopher L. Winfrey
Chief Financial Officer

Michael, you might be on mute. There you go.

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Thanks. Curious if you could talk a bit more about what you're seeing in the broadband market and your
performance in terms of just overall market expansion versus market share. And then separately, on the
video side, can you share what you find is contributing to the better trend line of video losses? And how
you see that going forward?

Thomas M. Rutledge
Chairman & CEO

Michael, I think the broadband market continues to expand, both through housing growth, population
growth and adoption. The big issue in general adoption is more of a digital literacy issue than it is a cost
issue. And it's continuing to improve in terms of market adoption because of the way people can use the
tools on the Internet today at any level and at any age. And so I think you have a continuous march of
broadband adoption right up to occupied housing over the next 5 years.

And so you have that and then you have our ability to have a superior service with a capitally efficient
ability to continuously upgrade that service. And we think we can -- with a full range of products, including
mobile and video, and we think we can continue to take share as a result of our ability to have high-
quality, low-cost products available to consumers across the marketplace.

With regard to video, why do we -- why our number is relatively better? We're selling more packages
that allow us to tailor video to customer needs. It's a difficult business because in general, video is very
expensive. Our cost for video to provide it to customers are very high and continuously going up. And so
there's people being priced out of the market. We put lower-priced packages into the market. The new
products that have been developed, direct-to-consumer products, are churning at higher levels. And so
our products also are in that readoption process of -- that occurs as a result of churn.

So to some extent, we think our video business is stabilizing, but at the other -- on the other hand,
the fundamental trends haven't stopped, which is that prices are being continuously passed through to
consumers, and there's real pressure on the total cost of the bundle. The reason we're relatively better
is we have -- we've been moderate with our pricing, and we've been moderate -- and we've created new
packages that cost less.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.

Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Two questions. I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about wireless sell-in. I don't know if you'd be
willing to give us a number on percentage of new customers or connects that are taking wireless. Or any
trends you're seeing or your ambitions long term? It would seem like that business is really starting to get
a lot of momentum. And I was wondering if all your sales channels are turned on. And just sort of how to
think about the potential acceleration of that business. Anything you could share would be helpful.

And then probably for Chris. Chris, just as we think about the third quarter broadband net adds, do we
need to think about anything as it relates to either the EBB number you called out or the New York order,
like definitely we need to factor in, in our thought process for third quarter at all? Or any thoughts would
be appreciated.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Christopher L. Winfrey
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. I'll take a crack at both of those, and then Tom may want to add additional. On the wireless sell-in,
so we're -- the answer is no. We're not going to give you the percentage of sell-in for obvious competitive
reasons, but I can provide some color on it. We're essentially selling through all of our channels. It is a
focus we have to make sure that on every conversation that we have inside of our selling channels, that
we're bringing up the conversation of how we can save customers money if they take mobile with us. Our
sales success rate, our compliance for that conversation taking place and the sales success rate is going
up.

And what happened inside of Q2 and also inside of Q1 is we just have less selling opportunities, but
our success rate in selling in is going up on a steady march across all of those channels, which includes
retention, by the way, so in all of our sales channels. And we're using it as a retention tool as well.
Customers call in and want to save money. This is a great way to save hundreds and even thousands
of dollars a year for a customer by taking our mobile product. So it's working well, and we have a lot of
confidence that it's going to keep on increasing. And as soon as the market flow opens back up in terms of
selling opportunities, I think we're well positioned.

And the Q3 broadband, I don't expect EBB to have any negative impact on us in Q3. The customers that
were protected from the state mandate perspective, we've already -- inside of our Q2 results, it was
small, but we've written off a portion of their balances. We're working with those customers. We've been
successful in keeping those customers, those type of customers through the Keep Americans Connected
programs. We want those customers to stay with us, and we're working with them to make sure that takes
place. And it's worked in the past, and I don't expect any major impact there.

I guess the only thing that I would say -- well, 2 things I would say about Q3, and not so much even Q3.
It's just when you think about the coming quarters. Q2 2019 wasn't our strongest quarter. So we've really
outpaced that this quarter versus 2019. And I think Q3 2019 was better than Q2 2019. So I'd just caution
not to get over your skis on relative expansion of net adds in comparison to 2019.

And there will be a moment where -- we were just talking about it yesterday. There will be a moment
where there's dislocation where the market churn picks up, your sales should pick up. And so there's
always this question of does the timing line up exactly right. As a share taker over a period of time, that
means we're going to have higher sales. We're going to have higher net adds. But in order to get there,
the market churn rate has to pick up. And there's a timing question of does it all flow through inside of the
quarter the way you think it should.

And so I -- what we always say, I wouldn't pay too much attention to a particular quarter. Our growth rate
is good. It's going to continue to be good, and we tend to look over longer periods of time as opposed to
just a particular quarter.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Crédit Suisse.

Douglas David Mitchelson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

First question, one clarification. Did you say that CapEx this year would be, I think, stable including RDOF
or excluding RDOF? Because I think the press release said excluding RDOF.

Christopher L. Winfrey
Chief Financial Officer

Excluding RDOF.

Douglas David Mitchelson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Okay. For some reason, I thought I heard including, which would have been a surprise.

Christopher L. Winfrey
Chief Financial Officer

Yes.

Douglas David Mitchelson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I'm just -- a question on wireless on the go-to-market strategy and the position. And look, you've been
pretty clear on not offering phone subsidies, which obviously is somewhat self-limiting for subscriber
growth. Are you already leveraging all of your marketing channels for wireless? Is the elbow grease
putting into driving gross additions, something that we could consider as relatively stable over time? And
as we scale forward, it's partly selling opportunities, as you indicated. And it's partly churn on a growing
subscriber base, and that's how we run the subscriber model.

Or should we think of this as more of a financial decision as the economics of the business improve either
through scale or learnings and operating smarter or offloading on CBRS and WiFi? As the economics of
the business improve, should we assume that you'll spend more on market and ultimately consider phone
subsidies? Just trying to understand that top-of-funnel approach over the next bunch of years for wireless.

Thomas M. Rutledge
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Doug, we haven't fully deployed all of our channels. We have a store strategy that's multiyear, and
that's still rolling out. And we expect to complete it by the end of this year, but a substantial portion of our
stores are not done. And so even the channels that we wanted to deploy are not fully rolled out.

But we have a variety of tools to grow our market share. And we have -- and I would not preclude any of
them that anybody else has ever used in history. But fundamentally, we haven't changed our pricing since
we launched the product. And we have that ability to be -- to move the needle in terms of the amount of
mobile customers that we create as part of our broadband growth strategy.

So I would say that we set up a strategy that was based on activity levels. Those activity levels are lower
than we thought because churn is lower than we thought. But there's -- there are more ways to get into
the market than we are using.

Christopher L. Winfrey
Chief Financial Officer

And I'd just add, since you asked the question, is it -- are there financial decisions driving how aggressive
we are is the essence of what you're asking. The answer is no. We have a lot of confidence. We know what
the economics are. They're very good of what we're doing. And over time, it's not going to be a short-
term, financially driven decision in terms of how we deploy those channels.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

A couple of follow-ups. Maybe expand on the comment about business trajectory normalizing. Was that
improving through the second quarter or since? And is your own churn starting to pick up as well?

And then on mobile CapEx, as store spending comes to an end, do you expect mobile spend from those
traditional uses to fall? And how could your strand mount spend come in relative to that in maybe '22 or
'23?

Christopher L. Winfrey

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Chief Financial Officer

Look, I don't think I want to go down the heavy path of inter-quarter trajectory. SMB has been steadily
improving each quarter. You can see it in our results. Enterprise, clearly, as more businesses become
occupied, which is still relatively low, the selling opportunity for us increases. And the willingness for
people to take decisions on their IT network, including our services, increases. So a lot of that's really
been moving with COVID and in office occupancy as people are making decisions. And that's going to
continue to -- that has been improving steadily and -- but for what you're seeing in the newspaper, I think
we'll continue to steadily improve. So enterprise selling opportunities should continue to get better.

Your question -- go ahead.

Thomas M. Rutledge
Chairman & CEO

Well, I was just going to say that in terms of churn, fundamentally, recovery is slower than we thought
it would be in terms of activity levels. And while we're performing well in all of that, it's not what we
thought. So we're a little surprised at how slow move activity has rebounded. And so I'm -- it has
rebounded. Everything is moving and increasing and returning to normal. But it is not there, and it's still
an unusual marketplace.

Christopher L. Winfrey
Chief Financial Officer

On the CapEx side, the stores that we plan to roll out will be largely completed this year. Some of that's
going to roll a little into next year. And then we'll have another investment decision to make of how we're
deeply penetrated in the market we want to go. We've not made that decision yet. We'll take a similar
ROI approach to how we deal with that in stores, but our original plan will be complete, largely end of this
year, as the Tom said, and maybe a little carryover into next year.

You rightfully point out that we'll be stepping up the CBRS investment. And could that take the place of
store capital? Yes, but not into perpetuity, I think. So it may have been you who published.

Thomas M. Rutledge
Chairman & CEO

That's not the way we think about it.

Christopher L. Winfrey
Chief Financial Officer

It's not the way at all we think about. It just happens to be some coincidence. But I think you had --
Stefan told me you had published a number that was relatively high for what we would spend on -- the
number that NBC told to me was a multibillion dollar number, and that's way more than what this project
is going to cost. And that will be ROI-based. We don't have a specific time line other than we'll roll out
market by market based on where we have the best ROI to achieve that, but the capital spending is -- it's
large. But in the overall context of Charter, it's not that big.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS.

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

During the quarter, you signed a new affiliate agreement with Viacom. And it seems like the wording may
-- has changed a bit. So anything you could tell us about maybe not the specific deal, but just affiliate
deals in general? Are you getting more flexibility? Is there more sort of a D2C participation? Because
there's obviously fewer blackouts and so that seemingly, the negotiations are going better. So just any
evolution there that you're seeing.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

And then going back a couple of years, you guys talked about 500 basis points or so of sort of visibility
on margin improvement. And in the prepared remarks, you talked about all the digitalization and efforts
there that should sort of keep that trend going. But just in some -- any change in your visibility for margin
improvement from the sort of 39% levels as you look out over the next couple of years?

Thomas M. Rutledge
Chairman & CEO

John, with regard to Viacom, I would say this. It was a modern agreement, a new agreement and
recognized that the video business is changing. And it addressed our legacy relationship and it addressed
our new direct-to-consumer relationship with Viacom. And they were, I think, happy with the discussion,
and we were obviously, since we agreed to it.

And the -- it's different than prior agreements because they have direct-to-consumer products, and those
were integral to the discussion. And consistent with our view that we'd like to be part of the marketplace
and to enhance our video customer relationship with customers through managing transactions for them.
So it did that.

Christopher L. Winfrey
Chief Financial Officer

On margin, I think you know us well enough, John, to know we don't think about the business in terms of
percentage margin terms. It doesn't drive how we do investment planning or operating plans or budgets.
But the -- part of your question is, are we going to continue to get more efficient? And the answer is yes.
I mean you have double-digit percentage increases in the number of trouble calls and service calls per
customer relationship year-over-year. And that continues. It has a long runway.

I think the bigger driver for consolidated margin really is much more about revenue mix. So if you think
about what we're doing, we're adding mobile in, which has a positive EBITDA on the increment. But it has
a lower structural percentage margin, if you think about it that way. We use video and mobile to drive
higher attach rates for broadband, which is a high gross margin. We use it to drive higher retention of
broadband.

So we use lower stand-alone margin products to drive higher-margin acquisition and retention. And at
the end of the day, that's not at all how we think about the mix. What we're thinking about is how can we
create the most value in the household to drive the most products going in, that gets the most EBITDA
and the most cash flow per household.

And so you could have a low revenue business with a high percentage margin and have this victory lap of
high percentage margin, but you could have lower EBITDA and lower cash flow per household, and that's
not the model that we deploy. So we're looking to put as much product in, much value in to get as much
EBITDA and cash flow out of the household by providing products that -- and packages that our customers
can't replicate and make it easy to -- for customers to stay with us for a long period of time.

So I don't want to give a guidance on where margin is going, other than it's going to be much more of a
function of our lower video losses, continued growth in mobile, continued growth in Internet, which goes
the opposite direction. But the biggest thing to focus on us is free cash flow and free cash flow per share.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steven Cahall, Wells Fargo.

Steven Lee Cahall
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Could you maybe talk about costs a little bit, both in the P&L and in CapEx in the back half of the year. You
mentioned some of the labor cost increases, and I know labor is also a big piece of CapEx and especially
with a strong selling environment. Just how should we think about cost growth in the back half of the
year?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

And then on share repurchase, you're annualizing to a pretty big share repurchase here. I know you don't
guide on it. I'm just curious if you could talk about what informed your thinking on share repurchase in the
first half of the year and if there's anything that's shifting as we move into the back half of the year?

Christopher L. Winfrey
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. And the cost commentary, if you go back after the call, take a look at the prepared remarks. What I
was trying to make clear is as the -- as churn returns into the marketplace, that will give us better selling
opportunities, which should ultimately lead to net adds. Some of that will be timing driven, but -- as I
talked about earlier. But it's going to increase our sales commissions. It's going to increase the number of
installations that we do, which has OpEx into, a lesser extent, CapEx. It will increase the number of newer
tenured customers who tend to call more frequently at the beginning. So operating cost and a higher
transaction environment and higher churn environment move up.

And in some sense, that's what we're hoping for, is that we'll have OpEx pressure because our sales will
be accelerating and our net adds would be higher. And that's not the environment that we've been in the
first half. And so we'll just do a good job of explaining that as it's taking place, but we've been trying to
condition people for that environment since the beginning of the year. And it's happening later than we
expected and may continue to push out.

The other item that -- in the cost category of the bad debt, which goes along if you're nonpay. And it also
attaches to -- it's driven as well by people just moving and churn generally.

The CapEx is less impacted. From a volume standpoint, yes, you'll have a little bit more CPE purchase.
You'll have a little bit more capitalized install, but it doesn't move around quite as rapidly in that
environment as you'd see in OpEx.

On share repurchase, we've been targeting a leverage to be at the mid to high end of our target leverage
range. So the buybacks, we think about the long-term value of Charter, and we think it's high. And so
really, when we look at buybacks, it's more about the target leverage range target as opposed to trying to
be opportunistic. We're not day triggers. We have a good long-term view on the value of Charter. And so
our buyback is much more enforced by our target leverage, where we expect to be at the end of the...

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities.

Jessica Jean Reif Ehrlich
BofA Securities, Research Division

I guess 2 separate questions. On -- Comcast has Flex in the market for quite a while. And Altice recently
announced their own streaming hardware. Are you planning on introducing anything similar for your
customer base? And if you are, would you build it or potentially license Flex from Comcast? Or how are
you thinking about it?

And then separately, can you -- you've called out advanced advertising or addressable advertising a
number of times as a driver. And you've always been an industry leader in this area. Can you give us some
color on current initiatives? And where you see it going?

Thomas M. Rutledge
Chairman & CEO

Jessica, with regard to our IP box solution, we've got a bunch of techniques and market-facing IT
strategies. One is that we have an app-based user interface, and a lot of our customers bring their own
hardware and use our apps and get their MVPD service in that way from us.

We also have the existing Worldbox that we've deployed to our customer base. And in that Worldbox is
an IP platform. And we have -- we are beginning to put apps, Netflix, YouTube and other apps onto our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

existing set-top box. And we continue to engage with Comcast on a discussion about their Flex technology
and what it might be capable of doing for us.

Christopher L. Winfrey
Chief Financial Officer

I'll take the advertising question and then you add, if needed. The -- David Kline appreciates your
complement to the industry-leading, I'm sure, Jessica. But the driver here is we've really had an enhanced
ability to sell the long-tail inventory and be able to monetize what was previously not utilized. And we
have a tool that's called Audience App. Because we have all of the set-top box data in an aggregated,
anonymized way for all of our customer base, we have the ability to present that to buyers of advertising
and sell the long-tail inventory in a way that you were never able to do because Nielsen doesn't go very
deep. And so we can tell -- sell that on a zone basis. We can sell it on a split-avail basis, addressable. And
we can really effectively guarantee buyer impressions across not just the traditional set-top box base, but
clearly, through the increasing amount of IP-based viewing that we have off a Spectrum TV app, which
is on Apple TV, on Roku, on Samsung TV and all these other devices, iOS devices, Android and really
monetize those impressions and monetize the set-top box inventory in a very similar way.

So I do think that we're leading the charge of moving the entire advertising space to an impression-based
viewing, and being able to show it to a buyer where across all of the different channels that they can get
placement and to be able to validate and verify on the back end that those eyeballs were actually captured
and that they had a good return. We've also been investing in addition to more forward-thinking areas like
addressability, which we're selling; split avails, which we have capabilities on; but also moving into using
everything that I just described before, moving into attribution as well. And that's the Holy Grail here of
being able to sell and then to go back and -- or take it right to the customer what exactly it drove in terms
of sales for them.

So we have a fully -- full set of advertising capabilities that we offer to a client, super local when needed,
addressable when needed. And we do it in traditional set-top box impression-based viewing and digital,
which we sell as well. So despite the fact that the local ad sales market isn't all the way back, it's actually
down relative to 2019. Certain segments like auto aren't performing as well because they don't have a lot
of inventory. But despite that, our overall ad sales are up versus 2019, primarily driven by all the different
capabilities that I described and the ability to make use of inventory that wasn't previously monetized.

Thomas M. Rutledge
Chairman & CEO

At higher CPMs.

Christopher L. Winfrey
Chief Financial Officer

At higher CPMs. It gives us more value.

Jessica Jean Reif Ehrlich
BofA Securities, Research Division

Can you license that across the industry? Or will you?

Christopher L. Winfrey
Chief Financial Officer

I think you went soft, but I think you asked if we could license that across the industry. We're always open
to revenue opportunities.

Operator

Your last question will come from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.

Bryan D. Kraft
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Wanted to ask a couple, if I could. In broad strokes, following up on the last question, can you talk about
how the agreements you're reaching with programmers to carry their streaming services, provide you with
ad inventory that you can monetize in the future as you gain scale there? And then secondly, I just want
to see if you could comment on what you're seeing in terms of any incremental competitive fiber-to-the-
home expansion in your footprint and/or fixed wireless? Is there anything observable there? Or is it pretty
much business as usual?

Thomas M. Rutledge
Chairman & CEO

Well, I think to your last question on competition, we continue to see a similar marketplace that
we've seen for a number of years now in terms of competitive overbuilds. We're continuing to do well
everywhere we operate, and we are the share leader everywhere we operate competitively speaking.

The -- with regard to programmers, yes, there's an opportunity depending on the model, either for an
advertising sale in the app and at multiple levels and a transaction opportunity as well in creating new
subscriptions. So I guess the short answer is yes.

Bryan D. Kraft
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Is -- and Tom, maybe just to follow up there. As you -- it sounds like you're building some of these
revenue streams now as you make the apps available through your current set-top box infrastructure as
you shift to sort of your next gen, whether it's Flex or something else. Do you see those opportunities kind
of expanding significantly? Or...

Thomas M. Rutledge
Chairman & CEO

I do, yes. Yes, I do. I think there's an opportunity to have a better advertising business than we've had
historically. That works better for advertisers. It's more direct. It's got attribution. And we have a large
skilled sales force on the streets, in the cities that we operate. So yes, I think it's an opportunity to create
increased revenue.

Stefan Anninger
Vice President of Investor Relations

And thanks to everyone. We will see you next quarter.

Christopher L. Winfrey
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you very much.

Thomas M. Rutledge
Chairman & CEO

Thank you.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

