Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. NYSE:CMG
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 21, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

4.91

5.36

9.16

6.23

23.63

31.15

Revenue  (mm)

1750.04

1741.58

(0.48 %)

1844.30

7311.56

8222.99

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-20-2021 12:36 PM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.40

3.45

3.73

4.91

0.40

3.76

3.48

5.36

0.00 %

8.99 %

(6.70 %)

9.16 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ashish Kohli
Head of Investor Relations

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Andrew Marc Barish
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Brian Michael Vaccaro
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Christopher Thomas O'Cull
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jared Garber
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Nicole Marie Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Sara Harkavy Senatore
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Chipotle First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Ashish Kohli, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Ashish Kohli
Head of Investor Relations

Hello, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter fiscal 2021 earnings call. By now, you should have
access to our earnings press release. If not, it may be found on our Investor Relations website at
ir.chipotle.com.

I will begin by reminding you that certain statements and projections made in this presentation about
our future business and financial results constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are
management -- are based on management's current business and market expectations, and our actual
results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Please see the risk
factors contained in our annual report on Form 10-K and in our Form 10-Qs for a discussion of risks that
may cause our actual results to vary from these forward-looking statements.

Our discussion today will include non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP measures can be
found via the link included on the Presentation page within the Investor Relations section of our website.
We will start today's call with prepared remarks from Brian Niccol, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;
and Jack Hartung, Chief Financial Officer. After which, we will take your questions. Our entire executive
leadership team is available during the Q&A session.

And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Brian.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Ashish, and good afternoon, everyone. Chipotle is off to a promising start in 2021, which gives me
optimism for the rest of the year. There's still uncertainty related to COVID, but as more people become
vaccinated, including many Chipotle employees, I'm hopeful we're getting closer to brighter days ahead.
In fact, all but about 20 of our restaurants are now open with 92% of them offering in-restaurant dining
with capacity limitations.

For the quarter, we reported sales of $1.7 billion, representing 23.4% year-over-year growth, which was
fueled by 17.2% comparable restaurant sales growth, including about a 1.5% headwind from winter
weather in February. Restaurant-level margins of 22.3%, which is 470 basis points higher than last year.
Earnings per share adjusted for unusual items of $5.36, representing an increase of 74% year-over-
year. Digital sales growth of 133.9% year-over-year, representing 50.1% of sales. And opened 40 new
restaurants, including 26 with the Chipotlane.

Not surprisingly, comparable restaurant sales were the highest during the month of March as we lapped
easier comparisons. And I'm pleased to report that April is off to a good start. These results highlight
that our key strategies continue to resonate with guests and position us to win today while we create the
future.

Let me now provide a brief update on each of these strategies, which I believe will help fulfill our long-
term vision of more than 6,000 restaurants, AUV is above $2.5 million and restaurant-level margin is
above 25%. These are: one, making the brand visible relevant and loved; two, utilizing a disciplined
approach to creativity and innovation; three, leveraging digital capabilities to drive productivity and
expand access, convenience and engagement; four, engaging with customers through our loyalty

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

program; and five, running successful restaurants with a strong culture that provides delicious food with
integrity while delivering an exceptional in-restaurant and digital experiences.

Let me start with our marketing efforts where the team is doing a great job being agile and remaining
relevant to a consumer mindset that continues to evolve. Internally, we encourage curiosity and
experimentation, which takes advantage of our digital and social capabilities in conjunction with TV
advertising to consistently reinforce our messaging.

For example, we leveraged the return of sports to showcase our brand and purpose. Our first-ever Super
Bowl commercial title Can a Burrito Change the World, was very successful at highlighting Chipotle's
dedication to cultivating a better world through real food, sustainable sourcing and the commitment
to the farming industry. We also connected and engaged with our guests during March Madness with a
mouthwatering commercial showcasing real ingredients, real cooking and real people in order to support
the launch of our handcrafted quesadillas.

Not to be outdone, our digital communication strategy involves supercharging the super fans who are our
true advocates. Content on social platforms is a key way we interact with our guests. The end goal for all
of our creative initiatives is to drive culture, drive a difference and ultimately drive a purchase. Helping
these marketing efforts were a handful of new menu innovations, which provide wonderful examples of the
stage-gate process and our team's ability to execute new food experiences.

Cauliflower rice, which we launched in early January and will continue through mid-May, is continuing to
bring in new guests. In addition, we launched quesadillas across the U.S. and Canada as a digital exclusive
offering on March 11. This is our first new customizable entree in 17 years and was the most requested
item by guests, not on our existing menu. We made sure we took the proper time to develop an excellent
product that consumers love and also works well operationally. The end result is the quesadillas that is
perfectly crispy on the outside with delicious melted cheese on the inside. My personal favorite is the
barbacoa quesadillas.

The benefits of a digital-only offering are that it leverages our digital scale while removing operational
friction by utilizing our digital kitchen. Although it's only been out for about a month, we're encouraged
by its performance thus far with an incidence mix of approximately 10% and expect it to remain a guest
favorite moving forward.

Last, but certainly not least, we also had carne asada for the majority of the quarter, and we're pleased to
say that it had an incident mix similar to what we saw last year.

And our talented culinary team is not done innovating. We have several market tests of new items
scheduled later this year that have shown promise in early-stage consumer testing. We are gaining
valuable feedback and we'll update you on their progress as they move through our stage-gate process.
Also, it's likely that we will put another marketing push behind some 2020 initiatives like Tractor
Beverages later this year to optimize their performance once COVID normalizes.

Let me now talk about the next strategic driver, our digital platform. Our investments in new digital
features and innovations helped Q1 digital sales grow 134% year-over-year to $870 million and represent
50% of sales. Momentum continued to build within the quarter, with March setting a new record for digital
transactions supported by our best-ever digital order-ahead month, over 800,000 app downloads and the
most new digital customers since May of 2020.

With the overall digital mix remaining relatively stable for the last 3 quarters, we're delighted to see that
our highest margin transaction, digital pickup orders were slightly more than half of digital sales during
Q1. Within the delivery channel, about 40% were initiated through the Chipotle app or website while the
remainder were through a handful of partners.

Our digital sales are a sticky, frictionless and convenient experience as evidenced by our April digital sales
mix holding around 50%. Aided by the quesadillas launch, our digital sales are now slightly above the
COVID peak from last year while we've recovered roughly 60% of in-restaurant sales as dining rooms
have reopened.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

We also continue to see outside digital performance in Chipotlanes, which have revolutionized the drive-
through experience towards order ahead for pickup transactions, which is our most profitable channel.

As our digital ecosystem has evolved from a commerce system to a platform of engagement, we continue
to look for ways to enhance convenience and access, including Chipotlanes; alternate store formats;
digital-only menu offerings; and Chipotle Rewards. We are regularly making enhancements to our app,
website, delivering group offerings to support the current and expected future growth within this channel.
We'll also continue to make important tech investments to create a path for the future. One such example
is our recent investment in Neuro, an early-stage leader in autonomous delivery. Neuro uses robotics in
their fleet of on-road, occupant lists and autonomous vehicles to deliver everyday consumer goods, and
we believe has the potential to take the delivery experience to the next level.

Speaking of our loyalty program, we now have more than 21 million passionate members that receive
targeted and personalized messages. We are leveraging the CRM platform for purpose-driven messaging
as well as tempting fans with our latest promotions. Communications to our customers are individually
tailored so that specific customer activities prompt targeted responses. Each digital message can vary
along the customer buying journey, such as the latest promotional offer and a new menu item or a more
targeted offer to entice a customer that has not visited a restaurant for a certain period of time.

For example, customers received communication about the quesadillas launch featuring their favorite
protein based on their ordering history. Our loyalty program has been very successful in driving additional
transactions across our light, medium and heavy consumer segments, but we continue to increase the
level of sophistication and experience in our information and targeting, which should bode well for the
future of Chipotle Rewards.

We're also investing in talent and infrastructure for rewards and have several enhancements to the
program planned for later this year that consumers have indicated would increase their engagement and
purchases.

Let me end by talking about the foundational ingredient of our success. And that's our restaurant
operations, where the team has done a great job staying focused on safety, reliability and excellent
culinary. Running great restaurants requires great people, and Chipotle is privileged to have amazing
employees. Our continued investment in our team members to ensure they have the resources to develop
and thrive in their career, including the recently announced expansion of debt-free degrees in agriculture,
culinary, hospitality and supply chain is paying off.

Turnover continues to be relatively stable, and we are seeing great applicants for open positions to staff
our expected growth in AUV and new restaurant openings.

After visiting a number of our restaurants recently, I'm encouraged to see more guests enjoying their food
in our dining rooms. As a result, we've been reiterating the importance of executing great throughput
by teaching, training and validating the 5 pillars of throughput every day during every shift. After all,
guests need to feel safe and deserve a great and fast in-restaurant experience. Chipotle is a unique brand
committed to fostering a culture that values and champions our diversity while leveraging the individual
talents of all team members to grow our business and cultivate a better world. To show how passionate we
are about inspiring real change in people, food and the environment, we have tied 10% of officer's annual
incentive bonus to the company achieving certain ESG goals. Our updated sustainability report, which was
published last week, showcases our desire for transparency and being a leader in sustainability.

I also want to take this opportunity to welcome our 2 new independent directors, Matt Carey and Mauricio
Gutierrez, both bring excellent experience to our Board and will be valuable assets for Chipotle.

Finally, I want to thank our employees for their incredible level of collaboration and tireless dedication,
which were critical in helping demonstrate the brand's resiliency. While the past year has been full of ups
and downs and the volatility related to COVID may not be fully behind us, I believe Chipotle is stronger
today and is well positioned for growth. As a result, I'm excited about our future as we remain a premier
fast-casual brand focusing on all stakeholders, a leader in culinary, a leader in food with integrity and an

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

innovator providing convenient access inside our restaurants as well as through our expanding digital
ecosystem.

With that, here's Jack to walk you through the financials.

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. We're proud of our performance during the first quarter
with sales growing 23.4% year-over-year to $1.7 billion, as comp sales grew 17.2%. Restaurant-
level margin of 22.3% was 470 basis points higher than last year, and earnings per share adjusted for
unusual items was $5.36, representing a 74% year-over-year increase. This include a benefit from lower
taxes related to option exercises and share vesting, which is more than offset by higher G&A related to
performance-based catch-up adjustments and taxes on equity exercises investments. And I'll discuss
these factors in greater detail shortly.

The first quarter had unusual expenses related to our 2018 performance share modification to account for
the unplanned effects of COVID, restaurant asset impairments and closure costs as well as transformation
costs, which negatively impacted our earnings per share by $0.91, leading to a GAAP earnings per share
of $4.45. While the impact from COVID appears to be lessening, we're not quite out of the woods yet
as seen by the recent spikes in a few regions as well as a pause in administering certain vaccines and
therefore, it's still difficult to provide comp guidance for full year 2021. We're encouraged by the strong
start, and we're optimistic about our full year performance in 2021.

The geometric 2-year stack for Q1 comp was about 21% due to dining rooms reopening, our cauliflower
rice launch, effective marketing, continued digital performance and the introduction of quesadillas, which
all helped drive a strong finish to the quarter. For Q2, we expect our comps to be in the range of the high
20% to 30% with quesadillas incidents normalizing and a lower marketing investment.

Food costs were 30% in Q1, a decrease of 280 basis points from last year. This is due primarily to menu
price increase, a mix shift towards higher-margin proteins and lower waste, which were partially offset by
costs associated with cauliflower rice and fewer sales of high-margin beverages. In Q2, we expect food
cost to be in the mid- to high 30% range as the benefit from our delivery menu price increase will be more
than offset by seasonally higher avocado prices.

Labor costs for the quarter were 24.9%, a decrease of 300 basis points from last year. This decrease
was driven primarily by sales leverage and efficiencies related to digital orders, partially offset by labor
inflation. We expect labor cost to be in the low 24% range during Q2 due to the benefit of our delivery
menu price increase as well as seasonally higher sales. Other operating costs for the quarter was 16.9%,
an increase of 200 basis points from last year due to higher delivery fees, which were partially offset by
sales leverage and a onetime insurance credit.

Delivery expenses remained elevated year-over-year given the significant growth in delivery. And as you
may have seen, we increased our delivery menu prices by 4% earlier this month to help cover the higher
cost of this premium access point. And we'll continue to evaluate and fine-tune our delivery strategy in
this dynamic market.

Marketing promo costs for the quarter were 3.5%, a decrease of 20 basis points from last year, given a
significant lower level of delivery promotion this year. While we invested more marketing dollars in order
to support quesadillas and cauliflower rice as well as our first-ever Super Bowl ad, we anticipate marketing
expenses to be in the mid-2% range in Q2 as the time period tends to be less responsive to match the
advertising channel.

Similar to the past few years, full year 2021 market expense is expected to be around 3% of sales. Due to
lower marketing spend in Q2, other operating costs are expected to be around 16% for the quarter. The
Q1 restaurant-level margin was 22.3% while our trailing 12-month average unit volumes, excluding the
delivery menu price increase, were roughly $2.27 million. Normalizing for the higher marketing spend, our
underlying restaurant level margin was essentially in line with the theoretical margin of 22.7% expected
at the sales volume. We're pleased with this progress, and we remain confident that we have taken and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

we'll continue to take the necessary actions to ensure the margin stays on the algorithm as our AUVs rise
throughout the year. In fact, we expect our trailing 12-month average unit volumes to pass $2.4 million in
Q2, and we expect our margin algorithm to keep pace.

G&A for the quarter was $155 million on a GAAP basis or $129 million on a non-GAAP basis, excluding
$24.4 million for the previously mentioned modification to our 2018 performance shares and about $1.6
million related to transformation expenses. G&A also includes $89 million in underlying G&A, $30 million
related to noncash stock compensation, which includes a $7.7 million increase related to our strong
performance in Q1 and $10 million related to higher bonus accruals and payroll taxes and equity vesting
and stock option exercises.

Looking to Q2. We expect our underlying G&A to be around $94 million, as we continue to make
investments, including in technology to support our future growth. We anticipate stock comp will likely be
around $25 million in each of the remaining quarters in 2021 to reflect the new run rate, although this
amount could move up or down based on our actual performance.

We also expect to recognize around $5 million in each quarter related to performance-based bonus
expenses and employer taxes associated with shares that vest during each quarter as well as $1 million
related to our upcoming virtual field leadership conference in Q2.

Our effective tax rate for Q1 was 20.2% on a GAAP basis and 18.5% on a non-GAAP basis. Our effective
tax rate benefited from option exercises and share vesting at elevated stock prices. As I'm sure you know,
we received a tax deduction for the value of our employees received upon much an exercise or share
vesting. And when that value exceeds the accounting charge for those shares, we benefit from a higher
tax deduction. For fiscal 2021, we continue to estimate our underlying effective tax rate will be in the
25% to 27% range, though it may vary based on discrete items such as the equity-related impact I just
mentioned.

Turning now to the balance sheet. We ended Q1 with $1.2 billion in cash, restricted cash and investments
with no debt along with our recently refinanced $500 million untapped revolver with a 5-year term and
more favorable terms in our previous facility. We also restarted our buyback program in late February
when our stock price softened, and we repurchased $61 million of our stock at an average price of $1,425
during the quarter. We had nearly $154 million remaining on our share authorization as of March 31, and
we expect to continue to opportunistically use excess free cash flow to repurchase our stock. That being
said, the best use for our cash remains investing in more Chipotle which continued to deliver outstanding
returns. We opened 40 new restaurants in the first quarter, more than double the number opened in Q1
last year with 26 of these, including a Chipotlane. While only 65% of the new units had a Chipotlane in Q1
for the full year, we still anticipate opening around 200 new restaurants with more than 70%, including a
Chipotlane.

As of March 31, we had a total of 196 Chipotlanes, including 5 conversions. Customers love the Chipotlane
experience as it is the access channel that excels have provided convenience, speed and great value all at
the same time. Performance continues to be stellar.

In trailing 12 months, Chipotlane restaurants continue to drive 17% higher overall digital sales compared
to non-Chipotlane. An order ahead, our highest margin transaction is nearly 80% higher than non-
Chipotlanes, while delivering our lowest margin transaction is about 30% lower than our non-Chipotlane
restaurants.

New Chipotlane opening was about 15% higher sales. And the comp restaurant -- at the comp at the
69 Chipotlane restaurants that have been opened more than a year, continues to outperform the non-
Chipotlane restaurants from the same open period.

Beyond the significant growth opportunity in the U.S., we're excited to accelerate new restaurant opens
in Canada, which was recently validated by our stage-gate process. We're building a healthy new
restaurant pipeline and expect to open a handful of restaurants over the next 12 months including our
first Chipotlane in late summer. We'll continue to experiment with different location formats and restaurant
designs throughout the country to gauge consumer preferences. Ultimately, we believe we can open at

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

least a few hundred restaurants in Canada, especially with their unit economics now approaching those of
the U.S.

The recent Surrey, British Columbia opening, which is our first new Canadian location 3 years, opened very
strong and gives us even greater confidence about our growth strategy.

Let me close by thanking all of our team members who have proven their agility to operate through
uncertainty while also staying focused on our long-term purpose. Their commitment to constant
improvement of the customer dining experience while strengthening our branded business is what helps
drive our strategic growth initiatives. The combination of investing in our people, delivering relevant and
compelling marketing, leveraging our digital system to enhance convenient access and great execution in
our restaurants is leading to a better guest experience, which ultimately allows us to further strengthen
our powerful economic model.
With that, we're happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from David Tarantino of Baird.

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

My question is really about the reopening of the dining rooms to a more full extent and the resumption
of consumer activity we're starting to see as the vaccines roll out. And I guess, Brian or Jack, can you
elaborate on what you're seeing as that activity returns in terms of sales and mix?

And then secondly, based on what you're seeing as the dining room traffic might be coming back, how are
you thinking about the overall unit volume opportunity in the U.S., assuming that some of these digital
transactions might stick?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, David. Look, what we're definitely seeing is people want to be back in our dining rooms. I've
had the luxury of traveling recently, and Scott and I have been at numerous restaurants, and it's great to
see the lines again in our dining rooms. And we're seeing a nice rebound, obviously, in those dining room
sales because there weren't any a year ago.

And at the same time, what we're seeing is our digital business is really continuing to thrive. In the
quarter, I don't know if you guys picked up on this, but we had record sales for our digital business
despite the fact that our dining rooms are opening. So I think it just demonstrates the power of both
access modes, meaning the in-restaurant dining access mode and the digital access mode. And then not
surprising, you're seeing the occasions come back based on whether you're coming into the dining room or
whether you're ordering off-premise. And that's more tied to how open the region is, is how I would kind
of describe it.

So we're feeling great about where we are. Consumer sentiment is definitely one where they want to get
back out to socialize and get back into the dining rooms and have that in-dining experience. And then at
the same token for those occasions that they build the behaviors around digitally, those are remaining in
the business. And I think that's why you're seeing our results in Q1. And frankly, while I'm really proud of
our teams that we're managing these 2 businesses out of 1 kitchen with really excellence.

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Great. And then my other question is on the quesadilla. And I guess, from a consumer behavior uptake, it
sounds like you're getting a high incidence for that product. Do you have information that would tell you
whether that's kind of new customers or incremental customers or existing customers trying the product?
I guess, what do you think the incrementality of that might look like?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So you're exactly right, David. The incidence is high. We're in that 10% range, I think is what we
just covered. And the thing that's really exciting is it's comprised of a lot of new users. So we're seeing
2 things happen. A lot of new users coming to the business through the quesadilla proposition. And then
our existing customers, we're also seeing them utilize that quesadilla platform as part of a new eating
occasion. So it was actually our highest penetration of new customers in the month of March, which I think
is just a testament to, one, people coming back to the dining rooms; and two, I think a really meaningful
innovation around quesadilla.

Operator
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

The next question comes from Jon Tower of Wells Fargo.

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just curious on the delivery side of the equation. It sounds like, Jack, you had mentioned the company
has taken another 4% or so pricing in the delivery channel during the quarter. Does -- where does that
set the delivery occasion now relative to an in-store transaction? And do you feel like there's even more
potential to take pricing in that channel, if necessary, down the line? And when I ask the percentage piece
on a margin basis to grow as well?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Jon, you cut out at the very end.

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. I was just asking gross profit dollar versus the margin percentage when it comes to the delivery
transaction, how those have changed with the incremental pricing versus an in-store transaction.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Jack, do you want to take that? Or do you want me to start or...

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I'll go ahead and start, Brian. Listen, the last price increase that we took, it doesn't get us all the way
to where a delivery transaction delivers the same margin as an in-store transaction, and certainly not as
much as our highest transaction, the order ahead. It gets it very, very close.

From a dollar standpoint, they're pretty close. But as you know, when you are charging higher prices,
you're grossing up the sales, and so it makes it a little harder to fully capture that margin. But I would
say, we're within striking distance. We're maybe a few percentage points away if we wanted to completely
equalize the margin on an in-store transaction for delivery. So we've made a lot of progress over the last
year.

And when we've taken these increases along the way, we've seen either acceptable resistance. And we've
also seen what looks like people are shifting channels because it does look like our order head moves up
when we do see customers maybe resist the higher pricing in those delivery channels a bit.

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. And if I may, on the loyalty side of the equation, I believe, Brian, you had mentioned earlier, there's
some efforts internally to improve engagement per customer feedback that you've received. So what have
you heard from customers in the loyalty program [indiscernible] done today?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So you kind of cut out near the end. But I think I got the gist of the question, which is how are
we seeing more customers become more engaged within our rewards program. And the simple answer
on that is, I think we've gotten a lot smarter with the analytics. So that -- I mentioned this in my
prepared remarks. We're really trying to figure out how we move just from a commerce experience to an
engagement experience. And so what you're seeing is the power of that playing out by people shopping
more often with Chipotle, experimenting with other things on the menu. And obviously, there's going

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

to be further enhancements to our rewards program going forward because we want to respond to our
customers to keep them engaged in this rewards program.

Operator

Our next question comes from Sara Senatore of Bernstein.

Sara Harkavy Senatore
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I wanted to ask a little bit about the loyalty members and also your comment about the 40%, I think you
said, of delivery orders coming through proprietary apps. So first, just the loyalty members. I guess do
you have a sense of what percentage of your total customers that might represent if you have a certain
80 million, 100 million unique customers, something like that? I guess I'm trying to sort of reconcile
the loyalty membership with your -- the delivery orders or the digital orders that are coming through
your native apps because it seems like the share of orders that are coming through your own ordering
platform has gone up. And I'm trying to figure out, are you shifting people away from third party by virtue
of incentivizing them through loyalty or that kind of thing? Or is it just that the people who are ordering
directly are very high spending customers? And they're the sort of minority that will ultimately download
your apps versus preferring the convenience of an aggregator platform?

I know there's a lot in there, but I'm trying to understand sort of the power of the Chipotle brand versus
like kind of like, call it, the convenience of the aggregators and who owns the customer there.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Look, I think where you just ended your question is the answer, which is we have a very powerful
brand. And as a result, when people join our rewards program, download the app and start ordering
through our app, and they realize that they have the access of order ahead and pick up, whether it's at
a Chipotlane. Order ahead and pick up, meaning I can grab it off the shelf and go. Or I can get delivery
through our app. In all those occasions, you are able to accrue points and get recognized for being an
engaged customer. And we're providing lots of access, lots of convenience with a very powerful brand
position behind it. And that's why I think you're seeing our order ahead business continue to grow. Our
white label or delivery business in our app continuing to grow as a percentage of the delivery occasion.
And I think it's just a function of the brand continues to resonate. Our first strategy is all about building
the brand, trust and love. And I think while we do that and provide a great experience, both digitally and
for whatever occasion, you want to associate with that digital experience and then you give them rewards,
it's a really powerful system that keeps people engaged.

Sara Harkavy Senatore
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Great. That makes a lot of sense. And then just do you have any sense of like kind of what share of
Chipotle customers are on your loyalty program versus ultimately, what you might get to?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Well, look, we've got 21 million customers in the rewards program. 60% of those are active, ongoing. And
then we've got programs with those that we see lapsing. But we don't see a whole lot of crossover still
between the dining room experience and the digital experience. There's only 10%, 15% that are doing
both occasions. So there's still a lot of upside in getting our dining rooms reopened for that customer
experience, customer occasion. And that's why I think the earlier question I got, I'm still optimistic about
our dining rooms reopening because it's not cannibalizing from our digital business. These are really 2
distinct occasions that people want to have access to great food with integrity. So there's, what, 100
million Chipotle customers coming through these doors. And the good news is we know when we get that
dining room open, there's a lot of people that are going to come back that we haven't seen in a while.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

The next question comes from Lauren Silberman of Credit Suisse.

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So on quesadillas, as you move to the stage-gate process, you talked a lot about your focus on operations.
With quesadillas is now available across the system, are you seeing any impact on throughput or
operations relative to what you expected?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Look, I'm really happy to say the stage-gate process worked because 2 things: one, we've got the
right kitchen equipment to create a great product at great speed; and then two, we've got the right
operational process in place. So if in the event, somebody does order still on the front line, obviously, our
guys will figure out how to accommodate it, but it is a much faster experience with a much better product.

So we've improved our employees' experience when that happens. And then for our customers, they're
learning -- there -- the quesadilla was made to be an off-premise solution with Chipotle's food, and I
think it's a testament to our teams. Our operators that validated it, our marketers that have explained to
customers how to use it and then the marriage of our technology to actually get the transaction in place.
So It's a great example of using the stage-gate process in the most effective way possible.

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. And I think you talked about expectations for quesadilla incidents to normalize in Q2. So just to
clarify, do you expect the mix to settle below the 10%? And then how does the attachment rate to walk
inside compared to what you see with burritos and bowls?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So look, we're just saying we're only, what, a couple of weeks into this. And the good news is
we haven't seen a backwards yet. So -- and the feedback from our customers are, they love it. The
attachment rate looks really good. It's frankly a little bit better than our burritos and bowls. So I think
that's the power of showing our food going really well with guac or queso. And again, it's -- Chipotle's food
is really good. And guess what, it's really good when it's in a quesadilla.

Operator

The next question comes from Brian Bittner of Oppenheimer.

The next question comes from Peter Saleh of BTIG.

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

I want to come back to the conversation around delivery menu price increases. I know you guys
mentioned a 4% increase in -- most recently. But I think the test that you guys were running was
substantially higher than that on the delivery price increase. So can you talk a little bit about did you see
pushback on the test? And why did you decide on 4%? Why was that the right amount of price increase to
take?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So just to clarify. Go ahead, Jack.

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Brian, you were probably going to say the same thing I would. Peter, just to clarify, we are running 13%
in most of our restaurants across the country. We had a few that were at different levels, so we could see
the differences. We took the entire country up another 4%. So we're now charging a plus 17%. And the
reason we did that was we were comfortable that the resistance that we saw was acceptable or resistance.
So we did see people move into other convenience and other value-driven channels. So I think that's a
testament to -- we had the 13% price increase running for several months, and we were very comfortable
that we could go another 4%. So 4% we just took earlier this month was in addition.

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Great. Understood. All right. And then just on the Chipotlane conversions. I know you have around 400
freestanding stores and maybe 1,500 to 1,600 end caps. Have you guys thought a little bit more about
how many conversions you can actually do? I know I think a quarter or 2 ago, you said potential for
several hundred. Has that number increased at all?

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Not -- it hasn't changed per se. Our desire to have more Chipotlanes and to push the percentage of new
restaurants that open with a Chipotlane, we want to continue to push the envelope there. And then with
conversions, we want to opportunistically look at relocations and rebuilds, remodels where we can add a
Chipotlane. We still think that we can have hundreds of conversions.

It's hard to pin that down, though because, in essence, what you do is we have to -- as we approach
the end of a lease term, like let's say, you've got a 10-year primary term with options. When you get to
year 7 or 8, that's the time you have the conversation with landlords. If you try to have the conversation
with landlords to try to get permission to modify the space in year 2 or 3, when you've got 7 years left,
landlord doesn't really want to have that conversation.

So we have those conversations, and we have many of them throughout the year. If you look back to 10
years ago, we will have 100 or more, maybe in the 100, 150 range, where we're having conversations
with landlords. Those conversations are going well. But it's too early to tell exactly how many hundreds of
these conversions we can get, but we're definitely pushing the envelope.

Operator

The next question comes from David Palmer of Evercore ISI.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I just wanted to get a few clues from you about how the sales layers might shake out after the full reopen.
After we get past all the vaccinations and things get up and running, at least, reasonably so, I'm sure
work commute will be -- there'll be some areas that will be lagging there. But what are you seeing from
some of your early and most reopened markets in terms of that on-premise business sales layer? It looks
like overall, on-premise might be only 70% of pre-COVID levels right now as a system. But where is that
getting to in some of your most reopened markets. And when it does get to that level, how much is your
off-premise business, the digital side, really hanging in there? And I have a quick follow-up.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So David, the way to think about it is like in our regions that are the most open, obviously, you're
not that far off on your average of the return in our dine-in business. The places where we're more
open, we're above the average. And the thing that I'd love to see is, regardless, our digital business is
maintaining that 80% to 85% run rate.

The thing that's also exciting though is, as I mentioned in the quarter, we still had record levels of digital
business, and that's because we're going to continue to use our system, call it rewards, quesadillas to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

drive people further and further commitment on our digital platform for those occasions where it makes
sense.

So in the places where we're more open, we got more of our dining room business back. And our digital
business is hanging in there. I'd say it's actually -- our digital business is operating from a position of
strength. And then the places where it's slower for the diners to come back, thank heavens we've got such
a strong digital business.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Yes. And I guess this might be one for Jack. In terms of how you think about sales and margins over time,
in the past, you've had a rule of thumb of your AUVs tracking with margins. The way the world is working,
it feels like sales will be higher, on average, for the average company out there, but margins may be more
challenged for the average company out there. You might have some better defense mechanisms than
others in terms of your digital business and whatnot. But how are you thinking about that relationship? Is
that changing even as you see some of the recent measures you've been taking? And I'll pass it on.

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, David. Listen, we still feel very confident that our margin algorithm is alive and well. We made some
important steps over the last several months, so that we're within striking distance of that algorithm.
And we see from here on out, as our volumes grow, our AUV was $2,270 million. And as we grow to $2.4
million, $2.5 million, et cetera, et cetera, we think that our margin will move to 24 than a 25.

Now that's not going to happen every single quarter. It's not going to be perfect. But in terms of seeing
our margins move up with our volumes, we still expect that to happen. Now there is a slight degradation
as you move from $2.5 million to $3 million, for example, you might not get to all the way to 30% in
terms of the margin for a $3 million restaurant. But you certainly should get in the 28% to 29% range.

So we still fully expect that we'll be able to expand margins. And one of the things that's enabling that
is with the growth -- the significant growth in the delivery business, that has been -- still is our lowest-
margin transaction, but we've closed the gaps considerably and our customers are still choosing that
channel or they're choosing another channel. So giving the customers choice and let them pay for the
more extreme convenience channel of delivery, let them pay the going rate, seems to be a workable
strategy for us.

Operator

The next question comes from Andrew Charles of Cowen.

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Brian, based on the experience with quesadillas, how openminded are you around future digital-only menu
innovation that can't be done on the front make line, such as the potential for nachos and enchiladas?

And perhaps from an ops perspective, are you confined only 1 to 2 possible digital innovations in the new
opens? Or could there be several more items launched before you become capacity constrained on those
digital make lines?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Look, the good news is we're far from capacity constrained on those digital make lines and we're
continuing to make enhancements to our digital make lines so that our employees become even more
accurate, more efficient. The equipment that we've chosen gives us a lot of flexibility whether it's
additional entrees or desserts or whatever it may be. The good news is we've got a lot of great ideas in
our culinary team. Obviously, we'll get them through the stage-gate process.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

But look, the goal is to be balanced. At the end of the day, we want to have a great experience in the
restaurant and a great experience if you choose to go digital. And I don't think you're going to see us ever
get out of equilibrium where we're providing a great experience for whatever channel it could be. I don't
want to come across this PML all of a sudden means you're doing something every month. That's not who
we are. Who we are great ingredients, done in very simple ways so that you can customize. And the good
news is we've got lots of capacity on that line. And now we've got more flexibility because of the additional
equipment that we have. So not surprising, I think there's a lot of growth still to be had on our digital
business, and there's still tremendous growth to be had in our dining room business.

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

That's helpful. And then, Jack, I just had a follow-up question on development. This might be a little
technical. But looking at the proxy, it looks like there were 324 site assessment requests over the next 12
to 18 months. That's about 50% higher versus the 227 that was in the proxy from a year ago.

And so when I look at the guidance for 200 store openings this year, it's not quite 50% above the
161 you did last year. So in terms of the guidance for 200 openings, besides conservatism just on the
availability of construction crews, is there anything else in there that might be presenting pressure on
2021 development?

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

No. I would say it's more of a time line challenge. We've seen that the time lines have elongated over the
last year or 2 or so. And so this year, for example, we target 200. First quarter was exactly on pace to do
200. I think you can expect us to see to open up similar numbers in Q2 and Q3.

Now what might happen, Andrew, we might overperform a bit in the fourth quarter. It's too early to say
that right now. We certainly have a very healthy pipeline. That pipeline is chockful of Chipotlane. So we
think the numbers go up from here, not down. But right now, the responsible number of 200, I think, still
applies. But let's see how things shape up in quarter 2 and 3, what the fourth quarter looks like.

Operator

The next question comes from Nicole Miller of Piper Sandler.

Nicole Marie Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Just one question for me. I'm curious about traditionally thinking about restaurants and unit level
economics. And what I'm wondering is, with your 21 million loyalty relationships in the CRM platform
you were talking about, can you talk now about customer lifetime value? Like what's the economics of a
customer now that you found some of them outside of the 4 walls of the store?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Look, it's a great question, Nicole. And one of the reasons why we're so, I guess, optimistic about
our rewards program is these reward members versus non-reward members, they're coming more often
and they're also spending more. So that's obviously a great outcome of putting somebody into a rewards
program. And then I think the team has really become so much more sophisticated in our ability to
understand what they want from Chipotle.

And as a result, you're going to see us making some further enhancements to the rewards program and
the experiences that people can have so they'll be even further engaged. And the whole reason why we're
doing that is because we think we can get even more frequency out of people and potentially continue
to influence that check further. So It's a very valuable asset, and I think it's going to continue to become
more valuable.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Operator

The next question comes from Jared Garber of Goldman Sachs.

Jared Garber
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to touch base on the labor environment and what you guys are seeing from that respect.
Obviously, we've heard a lot in the news lately about the availability of labor and the challenges of staffing
up. So I wonder if you could talk there a little bit about what you're seeing and if you're seeing those
similar challenges play out.

And then as it relates to that, how you guys think about potential pricing power and/or pricing in different
markets.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Sure. So obviously, one of the things that's great is we're seeing the economy come back in a big way with
customers out and about and getting back to the business of, I'd say, normalcy. With that, obviously, we
are quick to want to staff up our restaurants accordingly to be in sync with where our business is growing.

The positive is it came back really fast in March. The negative in that is you got to play a little bit of catch-
up with the staffing. But I think our employee value proposition is world-class. And as people realize these
opportunities are available, usually, we have no problem with the applicant flow. And then we turn our
attention to training and developing these individuals because it's a great opportunity for not just the job
now, but a future career.

So It's great to see the business come roaring back. It's also exciting to see our need to staff more people
because that is the growth that we like to have. We like to have growth that results in more jobs and more
people having upward opportunities.

We had, I think, 13,000-plus promotions recently. So I mean that's just a testament to the growth that we
have, the strength of our proposition for those that stay with us, commit themselves to being developed
and trained. And then obviously, we're going to staff accordingly as the business comes roaring back.
So I'm very optimistic about the people we can attract, the culture that we create for them and then the
opportunities that are available for them.

And what was the second part of your question?

Jared Garber
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Just as it relates to kind of increasing wage pressures across the industry, how you guys think about
mitigating that through price increases. Obviously, you've taken on delivery, but more broadly across even
like the dine-in side of the business and how you think about that geographically as well?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I think we talked about this in the past. The good news is our value proposition is, I would say, top,
top tier. And so that gives us a lot of flexibility on how we price and when we price. We've taken a very
conservative approach on it. We've been more in that 1% to 2% range on an annual basis. I think Jack
has talked about this. That usually offsets any labor inflation that we deal with. So I think we're in a really
strong situation, both from a brand value proposition and then the ability to attract and retain people with
our employee value proposition.

Operator

The next question comes from Andy Barish of Jefferies.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Andrew Marc Barish
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Just taking that a little bit further, I know some of the traditional metrics have kind of gotten a little bit
skewed by everything going on right now. But can you quantify sort of what type of wage inflation you're
seeing? And then also on the commodity front, certainly, the commodity proteins have been significantly
higher. Just wondering if you're starting to see that in the noncommodity markets that you're buying from.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Go ahead, Jack.

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, I'll take this. First of all, Andy, in the last year, what we've seen with labor inflation has -- it's been
more modest than it had been in the last 5 years. In the last 5 years, we've seen inflation in kind of the
mid-single-digit range. And with some of the dislocations going on with COVID, actually, the labor inflation
dropped to the low single digits. But we expect -- I think most people expect that's going to tick back up.
And -- but let me just give you an example because the other thing that you might be thinking about is
what if we have a national minimum wage that over time, approaches $15.

Now the way to think about this is our minimum wage -- or our average wage right now is $12 for our
crew, it's $13 for all of our hourly employees. We're not that far off of, like, for example, a $15 number.
But let's say, for example, that there's going to be an across-the-board 10% increase in our wages, that
would have an impact on our margins of, call it, 150 to 200 basis points. And that would -- to offset that
with menu pricing, that would take a 2% to 3% price increase. So all of that is very, very manageable.
And we feel like if there is going to be significant increased inflation because of market-driven or because
of federal minimum wage, we think everybody in the restaurant industry is going to have to pass those
costs along to the customer, and we think we're in a much, much better position to do that than other
companies out there.

In terms of commodities, the one that we're seeing for sure, and this is more of a seasonal shift that we
see pretty much every year is avocados. We are going to see an increase in avocado prices as we shift
into the next season. We don't see anything else moving up dramatically right now, Andy. I mean I think
everyone's kind of waiting to see what happens in terms of demand and if there are any disruptions with
supply chain. We're not seeing any that we're worried about right now. But with everyone talking about
with the stimulus and the reopening and the vaccine, there is going to be a surge in demand. And we
think we're well prepared from a supply chain standpoint, but that's the only kind of wildcard as the year
unfolds is will there be maybe a cyclical or interim dislocation or maybe there is some commodity inflation,
but nothing that we're seeing right now.

Operator

The next question comes from Brian Vaccaro of Raymond James.

Brian Michael Vaccaro
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

I was hoping to better understand the sales cadence that you saw through the first quarter. Perhaps you
could comment on the 2-year stack by month and where that stood quarter-to-date in April. And then I
know you mentioned more normal quesadilla incidents. But could you walk us through kind of the other
puts and takes that you considered as you set the second quarter sales guidance?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes, sure. So obviously, the first quarter, I think Jack covered it in his remarks, the geometric average
was in the 20%, 21% range. I would obviously tell you January was a really good start. February kind of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

flattish, and March was really strong. Obviously, you got a much easier rollover. And then we talked about
all the things we did around launching quesadillas and dining rooms start to reopen, so on and so forth.

Then as you move into April, if you think about this 2-year, I think that's probably the best way to think
about our business right now because of what you're seeing in kind of the year ago performance on Easter
and so on and so forth. The good news is, we've seen days and weeks where you're in the 20s, and we've
seen days and weeks where you're in the high teens. So it's bouncing around a little bit. And I think a
lot of things are driving that, right? You're still seeing things flash around COVID in different parts of the
country. Unfortunately, we had the pause in the vaccines. So you've got some consumer sentiment, I
think, bouncing around, which, obviously, plays a role. And then obviously, we're going to be more in the
leverage phase of our quesadillas launch versus our launch phase, which is what we're taking into account
as we think it will normalize as you go down into the rest of the quarter.

So those are some of the puts and calls. We're, what, a couple of weeks into the second quarter. We
love where we are, and we'll see how the rest of the quarter unfolds because I think we've got the right
strategies. So we're going to stay focused on what we know has been working for us.

Brian Michael Vaccaro
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

All right. That's helpful. And could you also comment on California specifically? Obviously, a big important
market for you. Could you just ballpark where volumes there are versus the rest of the country? And have
you seen an acceleration more recently as COVID restrictions are lifted?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Look, I mean this is not just a California phenomenon. This is a phenomenon that's happening
across the country, which is as I think places see a reduction in COVID cases and an increase in vaccines
and people get back to maybe their old habits as well as some of the habits they've created in this new
environment, you see the business respond accordingly. So more people being out and about results in
really good things for a restaurant concept like us because when you're out about, Chipotle is a great
option. Obviously, we've demonstrated we're a great option when you need that off-premise occasion as
well. So the dining rooms become more open, people are more confident to be out and about. That bodes
well for us in every state. So it's not just a California phenomenon. That's an American phenomenon.

Operator

The next question comes from Chris O'Cull of Stifel.

Christopher Thomas O'Cull
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Brian, I was curious what you believe the risk may be to sales growth from pulling the cauliflower rice, I
think you said in mid-May.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Look, I think this is a great initiative that we did. I've mentioned in the past, our goal is to keep people
engaged with our menu. We'll have some things on for a time period and then take them off and bring
them back. What we've seen where we've tested this in the past is, it's not anything that results in us
taking pause and moving forward with our strategy of taking it out in May. So the good news is we've
got a lot of strength in the business. I'm sure it will be something we'll bring back down the road. But we
feel really good about our strategy of having some items that come off the menu and other items like the
quesadillas that will be permanently on the menu.

Christopher Thomas O'Cull
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

And then I was curious if you're seeing a similar level of beverage attachment rate with dine-in usage
today that you saw pre-pandemic.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Well, look, I think Jack has talked about this. That's one of the things that's been a little bit of a drag is as
people stop coming into dining rooms, our beverage incidents went down. We fully anticipate as the dining
rooms come back, we'll recapture that beverage incidence. And as things really start to normalize, I think
we've got another shot at making people aware of the new tractor beverage offering, which -- the reason
why we initially did that is we were hoping to drive more beverage incidents. So that's our plan. As the
dining rooms come back, our plan is to figure out how we can drive more beverage incidents accordingly.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Brian
Niccol for any closing remarks.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Well, thank you, everybody, and thanks for all the questions. I just want to start off with first saying
how immensely proud I am of all of the Chipotle employees. I think what we've seen in the last quarter
and, frankly, the last year is the power of great people, great culture, being focused on the things that
needed to be handled right now. And it's pretty powerful to see an organization of 100,000 people come
together and do the right thing for each other and their community. So I'm very proud of this organization,
very proud of our employees. And look, I think we're off to a great start in '21 because our employees
have demonstrated the resiliency of our business. I'm confident that we will continue to do the right things
so that as the dining rooms reopen, we will give people great experiences. We'll continue to invest in our
digital business. That's not done growing as evidenced by what we shared here.

And then obviously, we talked about this, too. We're very committed to seeing the AUV margin algorithm
come to life. And that's really exciting to see that starting to emerge in a meaningful way. And then lastly,
it's really exciting to be building 40-plus restaurants in the quarter. We're going to build from here. And I
think we're well on our way to getting back to the business of Chipotle growing in a meaningful way, both
top line, bottom line and new units. And then that results in great opportunities for all our people that
have just demonstrated the power of the Chipotle culture and the Chipotle purpose.

So thank you for joining. Thank you for listening, and I look forward to touching base in a quarter. Take
care.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

