Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. NYSE:CMG
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 20, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

6.49

7.46

Revenue  (mm)

1879.77

1892.54

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-19-2021 6:00 AM GMT

14.95

0.68

6.30

24.60

32.46

1866.14

7389.67

8335.23

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.45

3.73

4.91

6.49

3.76

3.48

5.36

7.46

8.99 %

(6.70 %)

9.16 %

14.95 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ashish Kohli
Head of Investor Relations

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Brian P. Vieten
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Chris Carle

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Dennis Geiger
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Jared Garber
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

John William Ivankoe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Nerses Setyan
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research
Division

Nicole Marie Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Chipotle Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to
Ashish Kohli, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Ashish Kohli
Head of Investor Relations

Hello, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2021 earnings call. By now, you should
have access to our earnings press release. If not, it may be found on our Investor Relations website at
ir.chipotle.com.

I will begin by reminding you that certain statements and projections made in this presentation about
our future business and financial results constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are
based on management's current business and market expectations, and our actual results could differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Please see the risk factors contained in
our annual report on Form 10-K and in our Form 10-Qs for a discussion of risks that may cause our actual
results to vary from these forward-looking statements.

Our discussion today will include non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP measures can be
found via the link included on the Presentation page within the Investor Relations section of our website.
We will start today's call with prepared remarks from Brian Niccol, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;
and Jack Hartung, Chief Financial Officer. After which, we will take your questions. Our entire executive
leadership team is available during the Q&A session. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Brian.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Ashish, and good afternoon, everyone. Chipotle's second quarter results highlight the strength
of our brand and our people, as we demonstrated growing momentum in our business. Over the past 15
months, our teams have done an admirable job navigating and executing against macro complexities
while giving us great optimism for where we go from here. While COVID challenges remain, including
uncertainty regarding the impact of the Delta variant, I'm confident that our teams are up to the challenge
and we're hopeful that we'll gradually see a more stable environment over time.

Specific to Chipotle, we're pleased that all of our restaurants are now open and most are back to normal
operations. For the quarter, we reported sales of $1.9 billion, representing 38.7% year-over-year growth,
which was fueled by 31.2% comparable restaurant sales growth. Restaurant-level margin of 24.5% was
more than double the 12.2% we reported last year. Earnings per share adjusted for unusual items of
$7.46, representing a significant increase over the $0.40 reported last year. Digital sales growth of 10.5%
year-over-year, representing 48.5% of sales. And we opened 56 new restaurants, including 45 with the
Chipotlanes. And I'm delighted to report that Q3 is also off to a strong start.

While our trailing 12-month AUV is $2.41 million, the underlying run rate during the quarter is now above
the historical peak of $2.5 million AUV. When we started this transformation a little over 3 years ago, I
was often asked whether I thought we could get back to our peak $2.5 million volumes. My answer was
yes. And when we achieve it, we will talk about growth beyond that.

So it's a nice achievement for our organization to have $2.5 million AUVs again. But more importantly,
we have growth strategies that will take us to the next leg of our journey, $3 million AUVs, along with
industry-leading returns on invested capital that improve as we continue to add Chipotlanes.

Stronger restaurant-level economics, combined with significant unit growth should allow us to optimize
earnings power for many years to come. In fact, we remain confident in our key growth strategies and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

believe that over the longer term, they will allow us to have 6,000 restaurants in North America with AUVs
pushing well beyond $3 million. Yes, the opportunity ahead of us remains significant.

So what are the key strategies that are resonating with guests and allowing us to win today while we
create the future? To no one's surprise, they are the same ones we've been talking about for some time,
namely: opening and running successful restaurants with a strong culture that provides great food with
integrity while delivering exceptional in-restaurant and digital experiences, leveraging digital capabilities
to drive productivity and expand access, convenience and engagement, engaging with customers through
our loyalty program to drive transactions and frequency, making the brand visible, relevant and loved and
utilizing a disciplined approach to creativity and innovation.

Let me now provide a brief update on each of these, starting with our outstanding operations. This is
a key focal point as our business is building on our digital gains along with in-restaurant strength due
to a more confident and mobile consumer as well as the hard work our team has done to build more
love for Chipotle. We've continued to make operational adjustments to adapt to the constantly changing
environment, which has led us to recovering about 70% of in-restaurant sales thus far while retaining
about 80% of digital sales.

It's no secret that running great restaurants requires great people with a terrific culture, and we are
privileged to have the best of both. Despite the labor challenges in certain parts of the country, the team
has remained focused on safety, reliability, excellent culinary and experiences. I'm extremely proud of our
world-class employee value proposition. We're providing industry-leading benefits, including a new virtual
mental health platform, expanded debt-free degrees, attractive wages that were recently increased to an
average of $15 per hour, specialized job training and development and significant career advancement
opportunities.

And because more than 90% of our restaurant management roles are internal promotes, employees who
join the Chipotle family know they have the opportunity to grow their careers with us. Through investing
in our people, we have been able to maintain the stability of our workforce over the last 2 years. Knowing
that our people are the key to our growth, we have been diligent in our recruiting focus since the start of
the year. In reimagining the applicant experience, we're leveraging partnerships that allow us to engage in
authentic conversations with prospective candidates and share all the opportunity Chipotle has to offer.

Our coast-to-coast Career Day event last week resulted in us hiring thousands of additional team
members to meet current demand and accommodate future growth. These efforts have dramatically
helped improve our labor position. And as a result, our restaurants are attracting and retaining excellent
employees in a tough labor environment.

After visiting several restaurants this past month, I'm encouraged to see more and more guests enjoying
their meals in our dining rooms. They ordered Chipotle because they can get the exact customized meal
they want, made with real ingredients faster than anywhere else. As a result, we are committed to
teaching, training and validating the 5 pillars of throughput every day, during every shift, to ensure we
meet our high standards and provide a great guest experience.

Over the past few years, Chipotle has evolved to a point where we now have 2 sizable businesses, in
restaurants as well as our record-breaking digital platform, that are helping us become a real food-focused
digital lifestyle brand. During the second quarter, digital sales grew about 11% year-over-year to $916
million and represented nearly 49% of sales. While COVID has, of course, helped bolster these digital
gains, ongoing technology investments and operational excellence have been the critical success factors.
Some examples of the digital innovations we've introduced include the addition of our concierge chatbot,
Pepper, to the Chipotle app, which has the ability to answer common questions and resolve issues more
efficiently, thus freeing up our customer care team's time to help guests with more complicated situations.

We also gave guests the ability to easily rate their order right in the app and online at chipotle.com,
providing our restaurant operations teams with actionable insights on how to maintain and improve the
digital guest experience. Additionally, we have opened a digital-only kitchen, continued expanding our
digital drive-throughs with Chipotlanes being the majority of our new restaurant openings, refreshed group
ordering and invested in digital internationally by launching the Chipotle app in Canada and implementing

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

our digital assets in Europe. While the results and positive feedback on these innovations show us we're on
the right track, we know there's still more to do to enhance the customer experience by expanding access
and minimizing friction.

Not only are we pleased with the level of digital sales and overall mix, we're also delighted to see that
our highest margin transaction, digital pickup orders is gaining traction, and we expect this to continue
as we add more Chipotlanes and customers experience the value of this occasion. As I mentioned earlier,
we held on to about 80% of our digital gains exiting Q2. This highlights our digital experience as sticky
because it is everything customers love about Chipotle with added convenience.

And due to the pandemic, many new consumers were introduced to Chipotle via our digital channels and
are now using us for alternative and often incremental occasions. Naturally, we believe our digital sales
mix will moderate as capacity restrictions ease and guests feel more comfortable physically ordering and
dining in our restaurants. However, we expect absolute digital sales dollars to find a new equilibrium in
2021 and grow from there. We're encouraged to see that so far in July, we continue to hold on to these
digital gains even as in-store recovery has strengthened.

Moving next to the loyalty program, which is a key enabler of our digital ecosystem and an expanding
network that now has more than 23 million members. With this large base of consumers, Chipotle can
distribute its own content more and more effectively and drive deeper levels of engagement within
this community than ever before. We are leveraging our CRM platform to drive brand engagement and
send personalized messages to help supercharge our super fans. We have proven that we can influence
decisions along a guest buying journey when we offer them the right individually tailored offers at
the right time. We're continuously improving our analytics and are consistently able to generate more
transactions from light, medium and high-frequency users.

With the recent announcement of Rewards exchange, we're optimistic we can continue to build upon our
success. The updated functionality provides greater customization and flexibility to redeem rewards and
allows guests to earn rewards faster, all of which is expected to improve engagement and drive additional
frequency. While we are off to a terrific start, we will continue to invest in the program to take it to the
next level and have other enhancements to the program that are expected to be rolled out by year-end.

While the loyalty program is used to help drive frequency, our marketing efforts are primarily designed
to bring more people to the brand. The combination of reach-based media and a successful frequency-
driven loyalty program, make a great 1-2 punch that both brings in new users and increases transactions
with our existing customers. The marketing team continues to ensure that relevant creative across a wide
variety of media channels enables the brand to remain visible and live at the intersection of Chipotlane
culture.

Their agile approach, innovative mindset and relentless commitment to measurement have led to ongoing
success. For example, our campaign to support the quesadilla launch was omnichannel with relevant
creative across online video, digital and social media platforms as well as via traditional TV spots.

We also celebrated team Chipotle, a group of American athletes who love the brand long before they
became famous. Their personalized unwrapped videos provide an inside look at Chipotle's athlete, super
fans and what it takes to compete at the highest level. It also highlights that training hard and eating
real food with real ingredients go hand in hand. Furthermore, our Burritos and Bitcoin campaign around
National Burrito Day was one of our most successful social initiatives to date, with billions of impressions
for this culturally relevant promotion. These are just a few examples of the brand's work to drive culture,
drive difference and ultimately, drive a purchase. Another important pillar of our marketing efforts is a
steady stream of new menu innovation, with a cadence of on average about 2 to 3 per year.

Cauliflower Rice was a seasonal item that enhanced our lifestyle bowls and was successful bringing in new
guests. We launched quesadillas as a permanent digital exclusive offering in March, and this menu item
continues to perform well as it appears in about 10% of our transactions and is also helping attract new
customers to Chipotle.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Our talented culinary team is far from finished and our pipeline is filled with promise. I'm pleased to
report that smoked brisket has been validated by our stage-gate process. In addition, we are also in
the early stages of developing other exciting menu items that we will validate using our stage-gate that
will bring news and new customers to the brand. To conclude, Chipotle is a unique brand committed to
fostering a culture that values and champions our diversity while leveraging the individual talents of all
team members to grow our business, elevate our brand and cultivate a better world.

Well-trained and supported people preparing safe, delicious food and delivering excellent guest
experiences are at the heart of our success. A big thank you to all our hard-working employees for making
this possible. As a result, I'm convinced more than ever that we have the right team, the right culture and
the right strategies to allow Chipotle to be a premier growth company for many years to come. With that,
here's Jack to walk you through the financials.

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. We're pleased to report solid second quarter results with
sales growing 38.7% year-over-year to $1.9 billion as comp sales grew 31.2%. Restaurant-level margin of
24.5% was more than double the 12.2% margin from last year and represents the highest margin since
2015. And earnings per share adjusted for unusual items was $7.46, a significant improvement over last
year's adjusted EPS of $0.40. Just like last quarter, the second quarter had unusual expenses related to
our 2018 performance share modification related to COVID, restaurant asset impairments and closure
costs, legal expenses as well as transformation costs, which negatively impacted our earnings per share by
$0.86, leading to GAAP earnings per share of $6.60.

Looking ahead to Q3, while uncertainty still exists with the potential impact of the Delta variant, as well as
the pace of the economic recovery, if current sales trends continue, we expect our comps to be in the low
to mid-double-digit range, which implies a nice sequential acceleration in our geometric 2-year stack.

This is due to the menu price increase we took in early June, which is holding strong so far, as well as in-
restaurant sales continuing to recover. Of course, we'll closely monitor developments regarding the delta
variant and follow all local protocols to ensure the safety of our restaurant teams and our customers.

As Brian mentioned, in June, we increased our average hourly rate to $15 and subsequently took a 3.5%
to 4% menu price increase to cover the cost in dollar terms. While average restaurant cash flow remains
the same, this lowers margin by about 80 basis points and an increase in sales by about $100,000 on
an annual basis. So the historic margin algorithm we have discussed is not as relevant going forward.
However, we maintain our goal of being able to pass through approximately 40% of incremental sales to
restaurant cash flow, which is an important piece of our earnings growth potential.

This is critical as we march towards AUVs of $3 million as higher sales will lead to higher margins and cash
on cash return -- restaurant returns should increase well above the low to mid-60% range we're seeing
today.

Let me now go through the key P&L line items. Food costs were 30.4% in Q2, a decrease of nearly 300
basis points from last year. This was due primarily to leverage from menu price increases as well as lower
beef prices, which were partially offset by higher costs associated with new menu items and avocados.
Given the current environment, it shouldn't be a surprise to anyone that Q3 is going to be challenged
by several industry-wide issues, most notably beef and freight costs as well as staffing shortages at our
suppliers.

We anticipate these commodity headwinds will negatively impact the quarter by an additional 60 to 80
basis points, essentially offsetting the benefit of menu price increases. This will result in food cost for Q3
being at or slightly above the percentage we saw in Q2. Over the next few quarters, we'll have greater
visibility on how much of this inflation is permanent versus transitory, and we can take the appropriate
actions as needed to help offset any lasting impacts.

Labor costs for the quarter were 24.5%, a decrease of 370 basis points from last year. This decrease was
driven primarily by sales leverage and to a lesser extent, efficiencies related to digital orders which were

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

partially offset by higher wages that we saw for just 1 month during the quarter. We expect labor cost to
be in the low 26% range during Q3 to reflect a full quarter of our wage increase.

Other operating costs for the quarter were 15.2%, a decrease of 400 basis points from last year due
primarily to sales leverage and lower promotional expenses. Marketing promo costs for the quarter were
2.4%, a decrease of 260 basis points versus the prior year due to a significant level of free delivery
promotions last year.

We anticipate marketing expense to be in the mid-2% range in Q3, while the full year 2021 marketing
spend is expected to remain about 3% of sales. Overall, other operating costs are expected to be in the
mid-15% range for the quarter. G&A for the quarter was $146 million on a GAAP basis or $119 million
on a non-GAAP basis, excluding $23.5 million for the previously mentioned modification to our 2018
performance shares, $2.1 million for legal expenses and $1.2 million related to transformation expenses.
G&A also includes $92 million in underlying G&A, about $22.5 million related to noncash stock comp and
nearly $4.5 million related to higher bonus accruals and payroll taxes on equity vesting and stock option
exercises.

Looking to Q3, we expect our underlying G&A to be around $96 million as we continue to make
investments primarily in technology to support ongoing growth. We anticipate stock comp will likely
be around $25 million in Q3, although this amount could move up or down based on our absolute
performance. We also expect to recognize around $4 million related to performance-based bonus expenses
and employer taxes associated with shares that vest during the quarter as well as about $1 million related
to our All Manager Conference scheduled for Q1 of next year. Our effective tax rate for Q2 was 23.7% on a
GAAP basis and 22.4% on a non-GAAP basis.

And similar to last quarter, our effective tax rate benefited from option exercises and share vesting at
elevated stock prices. For fiscal 2021, we continue to estimate our underlying effective tax rate will be in
the 25% to 27% range, though it may vary based on discrete items.

Turning now to the balance sheet. We ended Q2 with nearly $1.2 billion in cash, restricted cash
and investments with no debt, along with a $500 million untapped revolver. During the quarter, we
opportunistically repurchased $145 million of our stock at an average price of $1,408. We had about
$208 million remaining on our share authorization as of June 30 and expect to continue to prioritize using
excess free cash flow to repurchase stock. But as I've said before, the best returns we can generate are by
investing in more Chipotles.

And during Q2, we opened 56 new restaurants with 45 of these, including a Chipotlane. And despite
some external challenges, the development team continues to do an excellent job building new
restaurants as well as developing a robust new unit development pipeline. For the full year, we now
expect to be at or slightly above our prior 2021 guidance of 200 new restaurants with more than 70%,
including a Chipotlane. As of June 30, we had a total of 240 Chipotlanes, including 8 conversions and
6 relocations, and they continue to enhance access into convenience forecasts while demonstrating
superior performance. New Chipotlanes are opening with about 20% higher sales compared to the non-
Chipotlanes opened during the same time period. Over the trailing 12 months, Chipotlane restaurants
continue to drive about a 15% higher overall digital sales mix compared to non-Chipotlanes and is skewed
heavily towards order ahead, our highest margin transaction. And a 2-year geometric comp at the 88
Chipotlane restaurants that have been open more than a year continues to outperform the non-Chipotlane
restaurants from the same period.

Along its early days, Chipotlane conversions and relocations, which are both going through the stage-gate
process, are yielding encouraging results. We'll continue to learn and refine our approach to judiciously
accelerate our Chipotlane portfolio, whether it be in older existing restaurants, strategic relocations of
existing restaurants or through new restaurant additions.
In closing, I want to reiterate how proud and thankful I am to all Chipotle team members for their tireless
efforts. They're helping create value every day for our business, our communities, our shareholders, and
each other, which is taking our amazing brand to new heights. As one strong team unified by our purpose
and values, we remain committed to driving our powerful and durable economic model. Needless to say,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

my optimism for Chipotle's long-term potential has never been higher. With that, we're happy to take your
questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Nicole Miller of Piper Sandler.

Nicole Marie Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Great quarter. Just wanted to ask 1 question around development with just 2 parts, please. The first is,
how are you getting to at least or maybe above 200 units? When you started the year, that seems like it
could be a really, more of a target. So I'm just wondering like what has changed in the marketplace that's
allowing you to get there now? And maybe that's a function of also growing the pipeline for next year, if
there's anything you can say even qualitatively on that.

And then just the second part is around best practices. Like how are things going outside of the U.S.?
How is Canada? I think maybe the first Chipotlane opened. How is Western Europe, I think you're going to
suburbs and testing technology. What are some shared best practices?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes, sure. Thanks, Nicole. And we, obviously, were very delighted with our quarter results. To get to your
specific question about new unit openings. Obviously, we're halfway through the year. So that gives us
more confidence in where we're going to end the year.

And I think we talked about coming into the year, how we had a really strong pipeline of units that were
planned to be open. The team has done a phenomenal job in securing the people capability to be ready
to open the restaurants. They've done a phenomenal job on the supply chain to ensure that we have
everything we need to open restaurants, and we've continued to have really great openings.

So the combination of sites lined up, supply chain in place, people capability ready to go, gives us just
that much more confidence on how we'll finish out the year to reinforce our guidance around 200-plus
new openings. And we continue to build a really robust pipeline going forward. that's primarily driven by
Chipotlanes, which is also a huge enabler for the business going forward.

Your second question about what are we seeing in Canada and Europe. Canada continues to perform, and
we're really excited about the opportunity of opening more restaurants up there. Obviously, Canada has
been a little bit slower on the reopening process. But even despite that, they continue to deliver great
economics and frankly, are performing in line with the U.S., and we're very optimistic about how we can
continue to open and grow in Canada.

In Europe, I think I mentioned this in some of our recent investor meetings. We just opened 2 new
restaurants outside of London, and both of those are off to really good starts. We're just a couple of weeks
in but we love the diversity of assets that we're opening. We love the fact that we have our digital assets
all in place. And I'm optimistic about what we're going to learn, so that we can really give clarity on the
opportunity in Europe down the road.

But that's still in the early stages of our stage-gate process. And I think I've mentioned this in the past,
probably COVID has slowed us down in our learning there than anywhere else. But love what we're seeing
in the U.S. on new units, and it's exciting to the economics we're getting out of Canada.

Operator

The next question comes from Dennis Geiger of UBS.

Dennis Geiger
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Brian, just wondering if you could talk a bit more about the digital and the dining businesses. I guess
specifically, the customer overlap there, where you think that overlap is now? I believe historically, it's
been sort of in the 10% to 15% range. And just kind of curious if you have any decent sense on where
that might be going, going forward as dine-in traffic goes from 70% to 100% and depending on where
digital shakes out. Just curious how you think about that dynamic going forward?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes, sure. So I think we mentioned this in our comments earlier, but we've hung on to about 80% of our
digital sales, and we're seeing about 70% of our dining room sales recaptured of where we were pre-
COVID. And what we're seeing is the overlap is still in that 15-plus percent range of people doing both
channels. which leaves the door open for a lot of incremental occasions or different occasions. The 1 thing
that is driving some of the bounce back in our dining room business is we are seeing more business at
lunch. And we're also seeing that lunch business occur Monday through Friday.

And then when you look at kind of like suburban versus urban, that's another place where you're starting
to see clearly people return to work or return to normal, I would say behaviors throughout their day. So
the lunch occasion is definitely coming back while we're hanging on to all these new occasions around
dinner and a lot of these off-premise occasions we've been talking about over time.

I'm guessing we'll continue to see the overlap slowly go up from here, because as more people return
to the dining room, I'm hoping they've had really positive experiences digitally that will suggest, hey, I
want to give Chipotle a try in the dining room and vice versa. Hopefully, people that are dining room-only
people have heard great things about our rewards program, our digital system and they'll start giving that
to try. But the thing I love about the 2 businesses, they serve different occasions, different needs. And I
think that proves over the long run, these things are incremental or complementary.

Dennis Geiger
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

That's very helpful. If I could slip just one more in. Just curious on the pricing increase, Brian, if you could
just comment at all on the customer resistance that you saw there, maybe how that stacked up relative to
expectations and what that might mean as you think about the next increase.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes, sure. So obviously, I think we've talked about this before, Chipotle has a tremendous value
proposition. We always have known we have some pricing power. It's something we really would prefer
to be the last thing we have to use. It made sense for us to take some action specifically in the delivery
channel and then most recently across our menu. Consistent with the past, we saw very little resistance
to the price increase in any of these channels. So I would say, it went as expected, and we'll continue to
keep an eye on our value proposition going forward. And I would tell you, the good news is, I think our
value proposition remains very strong, so that if we're faced with any headwinds that warrants the need
for pricing, I think we can do it with confidence knowing that the brand is really strong and our value
proposition is really strong.

Operator

The next question comes from Andrew Charles of Cowen.

Brian P. Vieten
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

This is actually Brian Vieten on for Andrew. So just think about long-term margins here. Now that we're
kind of essentially back to peak AUVs, as we look ahead, kind of $3 million AUVs and beyond. Just I guess,
just philosophically, what's the right way to think about the restaurant margins you can produce at that
level? Just given the efforts you guys have done to close the margin gap for delivery sales.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Well, I'll start and then Jack, feel free to chime in. I think what you're hearing from us is we believe we've
got a lot of growth still in front of us from a top line standpoint, and the model of how we flow these
incremental dollars is very much strong and in place to continue to be a leader in the industry on this
front. And as I mentioned, we also have pricing power. So you kind of pair those things up, you realize,
look, we're going to do all the right things we can on a supply chain front, being as efficient as possible,
investing in the things that matter to our customers and our employees. And then obviously, I think we'll
be rewarded with top line and then accordingly, we'll figure out how best to flow that to the bottom line.
But -- we love the situation we're in. We believe we're going to continue to drive growth from here, and
we're very optimistic about our future. But Jack, I don't know if you want to comment on anything else as
it relates to this question.

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Listen, the data point that we shared today about when we grew our sales, we expect about 40%
to flow through to the margin, suggests there's still a lot of leverage as we grow our volumes from $2.5
million up to the $3 million, that our margin is going up. And I would just in rough terms, I would say,
from where we are today in the 24%, 25% range, we can add hundreds of basis points of margin as we
move up from $2.5 million up to $3 million. And importantly, when we get into that range, we're going to
have cash on cash returns on our restaurants, which today are very attractive at 60%, 65%. They're going
to be in the 80%, 90%, even approaching 100% returns. And that's -- frankly, internally, that's something
we've always looked at. We know that if we generate super year returns on all of our invested capital that
we can add lots of shareholder value, and we expect that to only get better over time.

Operator

The next question comes from John Glass of Morgan Stanley.

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

First, just going back to pricing, just to level set, where will the effective pricing be in the third quarter,
just given the price increase you took in the delivery. I just want to make sure I understand that in
the context of your comp guidance. And related to that, Jack, I understand the mechanics of lowering
restaurant margin with the increase in the labor. You made it sound like that's just going to be the way it
is. But I think previously, you sort of talked about, well, we'll look at pricing over time so that we can kind
of get back to that one-to-one relationship with AUVs and margins. Is that still the goal? Or do you just
think it should be lower because you don't want to get too aggressive on pricing in the near term?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes, John. I mean, listen, there's still that possibility that we could take additional pricing action to fully
close the gap. I just think there's so much going on right now with inflation and the question about
whether inflation is transitory or permanent. We've got labor inflation. We took a big move there. We'll see
how that shakes out. And now we've got the Delta variant as well. There's just a lot of unknowns.

And so what we don't want to do is sit here and declare that we're going to do something with certainty
between now and the end of the year. I think what we want to do is, let's see how the menu price
continues to be accepted by customers. So far, really, really good, really seeing no resistance whatsoever.
Let's see what happens to inflation and let's see what happens to the economy over the next several
months, and we'll make the appropriate decisions at the appropriate time.

But I think the important thing, John, is that we've got a lot of upward mobility on our margins. We
have pricing power. Now it's just a matter of how and when we decide to use that pricing power to either

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

protect margins or to invest in our people like we just did with the wages, but nothing's been locked and
loaded in terms of what we will do between now and the end of the year.

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And the effect of pricing for the third quarter?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes, John, it's -- the Q2 was about 9-ish percent call it, Q3 will be slightly higher. What happens is, you're
going to get the full quarter for the wage menu price increase we just took. We got about a month worth
of it in Q2. We'll get a full 3 months in the third quarter. But then we're also starting to lap the delivery
increase that we started taking in the third quarter of last year. So it will move from about, call it, a 9%-
ish increase or the low 9s to about 10% in Q3.

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And Brian, just one more. Did the increase in wages solve largely the labor issue? Are you fully staffed in
restaurants? Are you still needing to employ people even with those higher wages? And can you just talk
about maybe the tenure of your employees now? I think in the past, you had tenured employees, you had
great throughput, maybe there's been more turnover just during COVID. Are you seeing the same kind of
performance out of restaurants and throughput that you would hope for, given this comp level?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So to answer your first question, the employee value proposition that we're bringing forward with
the higher wages, the ability to grow into $100,000 opportunity in very short order has worked very well.
And I give a lot of credit to our guys in the field with being out there, recruiting and retaining our talent.
And we're in a really good labor spot relative to, as you look at our historical performances, we're back to
where we were in 2019 and frankly, a little bit better, which is great to see.

And also, the growth in our company is really resonating with our employees. Our general managers
know that they have the ability to become field leaders and our field leaders know they have the ability to
become team directors. And folks that are shift managers and kitchen managers know, there's going to
be lots of general manager jobs available. So that's why I'd say the whole employee value proposition, I
think, is really resonating. And combine that with the company's purpose, and we've made tremendous
progress on what was really a difficult situation that popped up in, call it, February and March with the
business just frankly coming back faster than we were able to hire. But now our hiring is caught up.

To answer your other part of the question, we still have work to do to get our great throughput model
back in place. It's been, geez, well over a year since folks saw lines. And for some of our employees, it's
the first time they're seeing lines. And for customers, too, part of the process of getting people to move
down the line quickly is, they need to know how to order, what they want to order and getting back to
individual meals, as well as our team members being quick to move them down the line, but doing it in an
accurate way.

So we still have opportunity on the throughput front, but I think that's just a matter of retraining building
that muscle on our throughput pillars, and I'm confident we're going to capture that opportunity. Our
operators are focused on it.

Operator

The next question comes from David Tarantino of Baird.

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Good afternoon. Brian, I'm curious to know how you're thinking about the appropriate growth rate for
the business going forward, if you think longer term, you have great returns on capital in the units, you
have plenty of capital to put to work. So just wondering how you're thinking about unit development
in particular and whether you can accelerate over the next few years? And maybe secondarily, whether
Chipotle can return to being a 10% type unit growth story at some point in our future.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Look, I think here's the good news, David. I think every year since I've been here, we've been
able to accelerate new units. And the good news is, our operations are stronger, our people capability, I
think, is stronger. The P&L now is stronger. And I think you're seeing our ability to open more units get
demonstrated, even in a difficult environment, right? We talked about how we plan on opening over 200
units this year.

So I think there's going to be an opportunity for us to continue to accelerate. The pace at which we do
that, we're going to be probably more on the conservative side than putting the pedal to the metal on that
one, because I just want to make sure we continue to open with excellence. And I know there's demand, I
know the economics are excellent and I know we have the people capability. I just want to keep doing it in
a way where we're able to build upon our success and we have tons of runway in this space. So optimistic
about our ability to accelerate from here. What that ultimately looks like, as we get closer to each year,
we'll probably have a better idea of what we can build on.

Operator

The next question comes from David Palmer of Evercore ISI.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just a quick follow-up first on the pricing that you did on the delivery side. Did you see a shift to mobile
order and pick up? And do you think that's related? And if you did, was it related to the pricing at all?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

We saw a little bit of a move into our order ahead business, but it coincided, David, with also kind of
everything reopening a lot more. So I don't know how much of that was driven by the pricing versus
the fact that the customer was now more mobile. And they clearly saw the trade-off in paying for the
convenience of delivery versus ordering ahead and picking up. But we saw very little resistance in our
delivery business. So I think it's more to do with people wanting different occasions and then what they
want to pay for those occasions and the fact that they're more mobile than, frankly, the pricing driving
those behaviors. But Jack, I don't know if you want to add anything to that?

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

No, Brian. I would say the same thing. We're really pleased with the trends. We didn't see anything that
was a sudden resistance to the delivery menu price. But because it coincided with people becoming out
and about a little bit more. We did see a little shift in that business. So it's hard to sort through and figure
out how much is due to pricing, how much it was due to just people looking for the in-store ordering
process. But the bottom line is, our business moved up. Okay, it did move backwards, it definitely moved
up when you combine all the channels.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. And actually, I think -- the only thing I'd add to that, David is, one thing we continue to learn is these
occasions are unique. If you want a delivery occasion, you usually don't trade it off with an order-ahead
occasion. But the ability to have access to both is really powerful. So that's what I think Jack's point is

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

like, at the end of the day, we saw -- we did see a step back in our business. We continue to see steps
forward. And I think it was more driven by the fact that people were more mobile and then they realize
these additional access points.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And just a related question about where this on-premise ordering will end up at the end of the day, the
consumer's been trained to do digital ordering for you. If you -- the on-premise ordering, it feels like it's
something like $0.5 million per store lower than it was pre-COVID. But in some ways, you're not missing
it because you have high-margin digital orders. But some of this is probably going to come back because
people are still a little COVID cautious, you have worker shortages, work from home and some of those
things will burn off. So how do you think about the melt up in that on-premise order business? And how
much of it maybe is semi-permanently shifted to digital ordering?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Look, I think -- I mean and this is us just reading our consumer data. And granted, we're only a
couple of weeks really in, where things have really been open and all our restaurants have been open.
But what's definitely clear is that on-premise occasion is a different occasion. And I think I mentioned this
earlier, we only have about 15%, 17% of people overlapping between the occasions. And when you talk
to folks, that in-dining room experience, as much as we've replicated the in-line experience online, it's --
there's still something to be said to walking down the line, seeing the food, getting the sites, the sounds,
the smells and getting probably another level of customization that I think is very engaging to customers
and they want to have that experience. So I think our dining rooms are going to keep coming back. And I
also think it's human nature. You want to eat out, like you like a change of scenery. People like to share a
meal -- And I've probably been one of the few that keep saying dining rooms will come back. And I think if
we give a great experience, they'll come back disproportionately to Chipotle.

Operator

The next question comes from Chris Carle of RBC Capital Markets.

Chris Carle

Thanks for the question. So how is the continued recovery of the dining room business factor into how
you're thinking about the opportunities across different restaurant types or models with respect to your
long-term development plans? And maybe related to that, could you also share any learnings so far from
the digital-only restaurant you opened last year?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes, sure. Look, that's why the focus for us is to build Chipotlanes. It gives you all the access points, right?
You can order ahead, pick it up in your car, you can order ahead, come in, grab and go, you can come
through the line. And we're going to be focused on building as many Chipotlanes as possible.

As we think about the digital-onlys or Chipotlane-onlys or these alternative formats, they really are --
I think about them as like seeing restaurants are opportunistic to the trade area to maximize Chipotle
sales coming out of the trade area. But the focus area for us is Chipotle. We want all the access modes
for our customers. Because at the end of the day, I could keep talking about these as different occasions,
arguably, you're almost a different consumer when you decide you want to do digital versus being a dine-
in customer. So that's what we're after.

I think it's what our customers want, and I think it's what maximizes returns for us. Specifically, our
digital-only restaurant in the trade area where it made sense to do it. It's doing really well. But you know
what, if the trade area is supported putting in a Chipotlane, I'll put a Chipotlane in there.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

The next question comes from Jared Garber of Goldman Sachs.

Jared Garber
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Somewhat of a follow-up to the last question and your commentary, Brian. I'm just curious how you guys
are thinking about sort of the Chipotlane opportunity over the longer term. Obviously, about 80% of the
new units this quarter had a Chipotlane versus, I think, like sort of the traditional guidance of about 70%.
If we think about that opportunity over the next several years, are there in day parts? Are there menu
innovation items beyond sort of the quesadilla that you're thinking about? That can really only be served
with Chipotle and that sort of, some sort of critical mass that we should be thinking about over the longer
term?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Look, I definitely think as you get more penetration of the Chipotlane asset, it gives us another
opportunity for our operating platform. And the thing I love is, we've got a multibillion-dollar digital
business that over time is going to have more access, right? So of course, we're going to figure out how
to maximize that, whether that's day parts, whether that's menu. So as we get more penetration on these
access points for our digital business that give customers less friction and more convenience, we'll figure
out how our operators can best serve it. But the thing I love is, the quesadilla has demonstrated we can
run innovation off of our digital business without impacting our dining room business. And I think we're
also going to be able to run innovation on our dining room business without impacting our digital business.
And our operators have done a great job of using great culinary, it's a single kitchen back there, to then
serve as two businesses, whether it's our digital make line business or our frontline business. So that's
how I would think about it.

Jared Garber
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And then are there any operational changes you're thinking about as you fully recapture? I know you're
at -- it's about 70% of in-restaurant dining today. Obviously, as that continues to increase, if we were to
assume that your digital business remains really robust and that's additive business when things sort of
fully normalize, you talked about some tech investments that you're making. Are there sort of remodel
thoughts about what a sort of a Chipotle of the future might look like as you balance out maybe a very
robust in-restaurant experience with the digital side as well?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Look, the way I would describe it is, we're going to be investing in ways to get better throughput
executed in both the digital make line and our front line. And we're looking at investments on helping
our teams with smarter prep, having the right food available at the right time, better forecasting, better
staffing. These are all things that will just allow us, frankly, to provide more burritos and bowls digitally,
as well as more burritos and bowls on the front line. So we're really focused on the fact that we've got a
lot of capacity in these restaurants. So whatever we can do to invest in our people or operation, to enable
them to provide more burritos and bowls per minute is a huge leverage point for us.

So that's like, at the highest level, that's how I think about it. I mean, there's various things in simple
projects that provide certain benefits, but the higher order thing we're after is, how do we ultimately end
up with just enhanced throughput, both for the digital business and the frontline business and in such a
way where we still get no compromise on customization, quality of food and now with our digital business
accuracy.

Operator

The next question comes from John Ivankoe of JPMorgan.

John William Ivankoe

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I guess, at this point in the call, I was curious if we could have some color about dine-in and I guess, the
relationship between dine-in and all-premise broadly in the markets that have been opened the longest
like the Southeastern Texas versus, I guess, the Northeast and West Coast. How much of a difference
in kind of customer flow are you seeing kind of '21 versus '19? And are there some perhaps leading
indicators that we can talk about as all markets, I guess, fully normalize and become the same in 2022?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Look, I would tell you that I think the most important leading indicator for us is we're starting to see
our lunch business come back. And what's great about that lunch business is, it's usually an individual
that, frankly, we hadn't seen in a while. And while that's occurring, we still have these, what I would call,
the group occasions that back in 2019, Chipotle didn't participate in to the level that we're participating
in. We have started our journey of getting into these group occasions and these off-premise occasions,
but COVID really accelerated that. So what I would tell you is, probably the best piece of news that I've
seen in our data is to see that our lunch business is coming back, because as soon as people are given
the opportunity to go back to their behaviors of going to their office, dropping their kids off at school,
activities, whatever it may be, they're back to wanting to eat out lunch, and that's an on-premise occasion
that we have seen a nice uptick, I believe.

Operator

The next question comes from Nick Setyan of Wedbush Securities.

Nerses Setyan
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

I wanted to go back to the longer-term commentary on margins again. I think you said 40% flow through.
If I take every $100,000 from $2.5 million, I think that implies about 50 bps of margin uptick per
$100,000 or so. I guess, is that separate from any future price increases? And also, how are you thinking
about sort of labor inflation and overall inflation in general, and as we kind of progress from this $2.5
million AUV to $3 million over the next few years?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Nick. Listen, that 40% flow-through is something that will happen if we don't have anything out of
the ordinary happening with inflation, meaning if inflation just settles into a normal cadence, and we use
some of our pricing power to offset that, we'll have the ability to flow that 40% through. If you have a
dislocation for some period of time, that 40% is going to vary. But we know, as I mentioned a few minutes
ago, when we know we have pricing power, we're in a position because we're all company-owned, that we
take a long-term view. We can watch how the inflation unfolds over the next few months, the next few
quarters. We can see how much is transitory, how much is going to be permanent. And we could take the
right pricing action at the right time.

So we don't have to be in a hurry to do it like some franchise organizations might be, feel a little bit more
pressure to do that. But the 40% flow-through, that assumes just kind of over a longer period of time,
as you're moving from this $2.5 million volume up to $3 million, that as long as over that period of time,
maybe not every quarter, maybe not every year, but over that period of time, we're able to offset inflation
with some modest pricing increases, we can have that 40% flow through.

Nerses Setyan
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

And then just on the smoked brisket near term, is the timing on that Q4 or Q3?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

We haven't sort of nailed down -- yes go ahead, Jack.

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, that was timing on a menu price increase, yes, we haven't made a decision on...

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

No. He was asking about brisket.

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Okay. Go ahead, Brian. That's yours.

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Well, I do love the brisket. Thank you, Jack. The answer is, it's been validated in our stage-gate process.
We've not nailed down exactly when we'll do it. but it's always nice to have it ready to go. And we'll look at
the marketplace, and we'll figure out the best time to do it.

Operator

The next question comes from Peter Saleh of BTIG.

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Great. Brian, I just wanted to come back to that conversation on the brisket for a second. I know you're
not disclosing an exact time of launch. But can you talk maybe a little bit about how you're positioning
it in the menu? Is something else coming off to make room for the brisket? Or is this going to be purely
incremental on the menu?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So right now, our plan is, it will be a seasonal item. And that's the way we tested it and validated
it. So it's a nice incremental occasion, is what we've seen. And I look forward to everybody getting the
opportunity to try it, because it's also delicious.

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Great. And just on the cash balance, I know you guys had indicated about $1.2 billion of cash
investments. But I think, Brian, you also indicated you'll be a little bit more prudent maybe in
development going forward, making sure that you're building the right units. So what's the right amount
of cash to hold here? I know you guys announced a little bit more on share repo, but any thoughts around
maybe returning more of that capital to shareholders through a special dividend or an ongoing dividend,
anything of that sort?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Well, first of all, I don't want you to misconstrue my comments on new units. Our plan is to continue
to demonstrate that we have the ability to add more units. We've done it every year. Every year, we've
accelerated. And I think we're going to still be able to do that, so. And the good news is, we have the cash
to do it. And we also know there's no better investment with our cash than the build more Chipotles. So
that's always going to be the first priority.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

And then obviously, I think Jack talked about in his remarks earlier, our share buyback program, that's
going to continue to be a part of the puzzle. But there's no plans for a dividend. Jack, I don't know if you
wanted to add anything?

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

No, listen, I would agree with that. The only thing I would add is that we're -- we've taken, during COVID
and as we now look at the Delta variant and there's some uncertainty with that. We've been even more
conservative than normal with our balance sheet. But what I think you can expect to see is, as things
stabilize, as they become more predictable, we'll be able to return even more value to shareholders
through buybacks. But we also have the revolver as well, which gives us a little bit of breathing room.

But last year, when the pandemic started, it became pretty clear that these were very different times, and
we needed to make sure that we had enough assets or enough cash in the balance sheet, so we can invest
in our people, invest in technology, continue to open up our restaurants and not give up on any of our
long-term strategies.

And so we're still retaining a bit of a conservatism with managing our balance sheet. But again, as
things become more certain, you can expect to see more buybacks in the future. And again, it will be
opportunistic. We'll take advantage when the price moves down, just like we did during this quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jon Tower of Wells Fargo.

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

A lot of them have been answered already. But I guess I'll circle back on the loyalty platform. The 23
million members that you have today, can you talk about maybe how much that represents of the total
customer base today? And then, can you quantify how the rewards member uses the brand versus a
nonrewards member, with respect to frequency, the spend, the mobile ordering platform versus perhaps
just picking up at the store, using delivery? And can you maybe even tell us how much that percentage --
how much a loyalty membership represents as a percentage of total sales?

Brian R. Niccol
Chairman & CEO

So let me -- a few different questions there. First of all, the rewards program probably represents about
25% of our customers, roughly, is the way to think about it. And the thing that's great about our rewards
customers are, they have a higher ticket, they have higher frequency, because usually they're more
skewed towards digital, which is consistent with what we see in our digital business. And I do believe
as we continue to enhance things like our rewards program, where now you know you can redeem your
points for lower denominations and get like chips and guac or a T-shirt or whatever. That's just going to
dial up engagement for people. We didn't change the reward necessary to achieve a burrito, but we did
enhance opportunities to engage with the brand at different levels. So I think that's going to be enticing
for more people to join the rewards program. And those that are in, they'll continue, I think, to incentivize
their behavior accordingly. So did I -- I think I covered all of them. Was that all your questions?

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Yes, I think you nailed it, so.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Brian
Niccol, Chairman and CEO, for any closing remarks.

Brian R. Niccol

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Chairman & CEO

Okay. Yes, thank you. And thanks, everybody, for joining us. Obviously, I'd be remiss if I didn't repeat
what I said earlier, which is a huge thank you to everybody in our organization, all of our operational
leaders and folks in our restaurants. I think they have really demonstrated the power of great people,
great leaders, great culture, drives great results. And this quarter is truly a reflection of that, without a
doubt.

The other thing I want to touch on is, obviously, we're very optimistic about Chipotle's long-term growth
plans. I think we have the ability to grow units, grow average unit volumes, grow margins, frankly, grow
everything you want to grow and then at the same time, grow our organization. So people have the
opportunity to grow with this company and participate in all this wonderful growth. And that's really
what I think, is driving the strong employee value proposition that's resulting in us being able to staff our
restaurants at an effective rate right now. So very proud of this organization, very proud of our results
and also very optimistic about the future. So thank you for joining us, and we're going to get back to
cultivating a better world. All right, thanks, everybody.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

