Church & Dwight Co., Inc. NYSE:CHD
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, January 31, 2020 6:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE CONSENSUS GUIDANCE CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE CONSENSUS GUIDANCE

0.55

0.55

0.00

0.74

0.73

2.48

2.47

(0.40 %)

2.71

-

1141.22

1144.20

0.26

1112.40

1112.61

4356.17

4357.70

0.04

4645.90

4640.95

EPS 
Normalize
d 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-31-2020 3:14 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

0.66

0.52

0.61

0.55

0.70

0.57

0.66

0.55

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6.06 %

9.62 %

8.20 %

0.00 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

15

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Britta B. Bomhard
Executive VP & Chief Marketing
Officer

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Paul R. Wood
Executive Vice President of U.S.
Sales

Richard A. Dierker
CFO & Executive VP

Rick Spann
Executive Vice President of Global
Operations

Steven P. Cugine
Executive Vice President of
International & Global New
Products Innovation

ANALYSTS

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Joseph Nicholas Altobello
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Nik Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Rupesh Dhinoj Parikh
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Unknown Analyst

William Bates Chappell
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Presentation

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Okay, gang. We're going to get going now. Okay. Thank you all for coming today and thanks, everyone,
who's dialing in from their office or home. I'm going to begin with the safe harbor statement. I
recommend everybody to read that at your leisure. Say who's with us today from management. We have
our CMO, Britta Bomhard; our Head of International and Global New Products, Steve Cugine; our General
Counsel, if you have any legal questions; Rick Dierker, our CFO; Rick Spann who runs Supply Chain; and
Paul Wood who runs U.S. Sales.

All right. So here's -- I'm going to give you a short story right now. So you don't have to really pay
attention to the other 150 slides.

We had a terrific year. This is the second consecutive year that our company grew organic sales 4%.
The U.S. posted 4% organic sales growth and 10 out of 12 of our power brands grew or held share.
International posted 9.2% organic growth and continues to be a juggernaut for the company. And as
we ended the year, organic growth returned to the Specialty Products business after 2 down years. Last
time we had an up quarter was Q4 2017. And the reason it turned positive is because the dairy markets
became healthy. And another encouraging sign is that domestic volumes turned positive in the fourth
quarter. And finally, we had record cash from operations in 2019.

So now looking ahead to 2020. We're calling 3.5% organic growth, and that is net of exiting the low
margin Gummy private label business. And consistent with our evergreen model, we're calling 7% to 9%
EPS growth and that is top-tier in CPG.

And I want to recap for a minute why Church & Dwight is a standout in the consumer space. Number
one, we have an evergreen model that our shareholders are very familiar with, as are our employees.
Number two, we focus on cash. Number three, we have an ability to execute, and that's what drives our
performance. We deliver meaningful top line and bottom line growth year after year. We have a very lean
company with the highest sales per employee of any of our peers, and that sales per employee stat is an
underappreciated metric. We are innovators with new product offerings across many categories year-after-
year. And we're becoming digitally-savvy. 8% of our sales are online today and that does not include buy
online, pickup in stores. If we included that, it would be much higher than 8%.

And we made good choices when it comes to acquisitions. Those choices have led us to dry shampoo,
Gummy Vitamins, women's hair removal, water flossers and hair thinning solutions. So we believe there's
no better place to invest in CPG than Church & Dwight. So here's our track record. Let's go to the next
slide.

Here we are. So look at our last 3, 5 or 10 years. We've delivered double-digit TSR returns to our
shareholders. And if you look at 2019, 8.3%, and that's on top of a 2018 that was plus 30%.

Let's move on to the formal part of the program. So who we are, why we're winning. Britta's going to
come up and talk about -- give you an update for the Master brand. And also, Britta and I are going to
ham and egg the consistent innovation story. Steve is going to come up and talk about international, I'll
kind of come back and tell you about animal productivity and how we run the company, and then we're
going to end with Rick on financials.

All right. First, who we are. So let's talk about our evergreen business model. This is in green not only the
hearts of our employees but all of our long-term shareholders as well. 3% top line, 8% bottom line. And if
you say, well, how's it going for you? And you look at the last 10 years, the average organic sales growth
has been 3.6%. So where's that 3% coming from? Well, it's coming 2% from the U.S; 6% international
and 5% Specialty Products. We don't always hit this in the market any one year, but that is the long-term
growth. And if you say, what are your brands? We have lots and lots of brands. Well, we have 12 power
brands, and those 12 power brands account for 80% of our revenues and profits. And we have very well

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

balanced portfolio. A little bit more than half is -- or consumer products part of the house. For those of you
at home, those are just a couple of balloons going off. The personal care, 49%; household, 44%; and you
can see Specialty Products at 7%. Now it's a diversified portfolio, within that, 63% is premium and 37% is
value. That means we perform well in virtually any economy.

And we have a lot of runway for international. So international has been a juggernaut, as I've said, for the
last 5 years, still only 17% of the company. So we've got a long way to go there. And we do operate in the
land of the giants. You can see we have $4.4 billion in sales. All of our competitors are significantly larger
than we are. We think this gives us an advantage.

So we work fast, we're nimble. When you have only 4,700 -- 4,800 employees, you can make quick
decisions, you can move fast, your communication is easier and you can adapt to change better. And we
have a long history of acquisitions. We've added almost $3 billion in sales since 2004 over the last 15
years, and a lot of that came from acquisitions. And we have very specific acquisition criteria. We're only
going to look for a brand that has #1 or #2 share, high growth, high margin. Needs to be asset-light.
We need to be able to leverage our supply chain footprint and they must have a sustainable competitive
advantage. And since year 2000, so over the last 19, 20 years, we've acquired 11 out of our 12 power
brands. In the year 2000, the only big brand we have was ARM & HAMMER. So what we say around the
house is 12 brands today, 20 tomorrow.

Now why are we winning? We have 5 reasons. One, we're in the right categories. Two, we know how to
grow shares. Three, we don't have a high exposure to private label. We're growing online. And we are on
trend.

So let's look at the categories. So if you look at the categories over the last 4 years, in general, our
categories' weighted average grow 3%. So this is the underpinning for the company's long-term organic
growth of 3%. And as far as growing share, this is our report card. You don't get this report card for many
CPG companies, but every year, we tell you how we're doing. So for our 12 major brands, we maintain our
growth share, and you could see this year for the first time, 10 out of 12, we're green.

And we get lots of questions generally about the laundry category. So what's the long-term trend in
laundry? So over the last 3 years, we've added 120 basis points of share in laundry. The other winner
was Procter & Gamble, and Henkel has struggled. Now you know as we go from quarter-to-quarter,
you'll have some questions on non-measured channels. Let me give you a sense for how big our non-
measured channels for some of our categories. Most of these categories are going to be 70%, 80%, 90%
represented on Nielsen, but if you go to the far right, you'll see some of our more recent categories, power
flossing, hair thinning and even electric -- women's electric grooming are all significantly less than 50%.
So something to bear in mind going forward. We have low exposure to private label. The weighted average
share of private label for our categories is only 12%. Only 5 of our categories have private label exposure,
and as you can see from the lines on that chart, you can see it's relatively stable.

And we're growing online. Back in 2015, we were fourth quartile when it came to online sales. Today,
we're first quartile. We hit our goal of 8% in 2019 and we have a goal to be over 9% in 2020. And we
have lots of products -- #1 products on Amazon, and Amazon, of course, is the #1 online retailer.

Okay. On trend. So we're all through 4 of our brands and while we think we're on trend. Take BATISTE,
it's a business we acquired in 2011. So dry shampoo with a convenient solution to women between wet
shampoos. This was a business with $20 million in sales in 2011. If you look at what kind of runway do
you have in the U.S., well, in the U.S., 125 million women -- there are 125 million women over the age of
18, 2/3 of them don't wash their hair every day and 13% of them today use dry shampoo. Now if you look
at household penetration, it's only 7.5% in the U.S. So that's why we're trying to figure out, well, how big
could it be in the U.S. We look at the U.K. The U.K. is the most mature dry shampoo market. It's where it
originated. So if you compare with where the U.S. is, the U.S. is in the middle innings, and we can say by
in comparison to where the U.K. is, that the dry shampoo market will double from $225 million at retail to
$450 million over time. So being the #1 dry shampoo means we have a lot of runway ahead of us.

So next up is women's electric hair removal. So we bought the #1 women's electric hair remover in
FLAWLESS. So these are tools to remove -- so I'll go left to right, face, brow, leg and whole body. So

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

women are looking for convenient ways to remove hair. And if you look at the household penetration, it's
only 2% in the U.S. and less than 2% rest of the world. So a lot of runway here for this business. Next up
is water flossers. We have the #1 power flosser and recommended by the ADA. So what's the story there?
And we can do a show of hands, everybody knows, 80% of people don't floss everyday, even though they
should. And consumers are discovering water flossers. Water flossers are the easiest solution to flossing.
Again, look at household penetration, 22% in the U.S., not bad, but we think that could go as high as
48% if you just look at the penetration for electric toothbrushes. And then if you look at -- in Europe, for
example, it's only 3% to 5%. So we're just getting started with water flossers outside of the U.S. Again,
on trend, got lots of runway ahead of us.

Next up is Gummy Vitamins, you know the story pretty well. The gummy form is more appealing than pills
and capsules. And if you go back to when we bought the business, the adult gummy form was 3% of the
category, now it's 18%. And if you look at the size of the category, it just continues to grow. It grew from
'15 to '16 to '17 from $800 million to $1.5 billion today. Lots of runway. And then finally is hair thinning
solutions. We have the #1 hair fiber and the #1 hair thinning supplement. And we all know it's on people's
minds. 40% of men and women have noticeable hair loss by the age of 40. So we've great solutions to
that. And now I'm going to bring up Britta to talk about the Master brand.

Britta B. Bomhard
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Okay. Hello, everyone. [indiscernible] awake. So you might remember, ARM & HAMMER is by far our
biggest brand, it's more than $1 million -- $1 billion, sorry, brand. So really important for us. And you
might remember from last year, we presented our More Power To You campaign year in this iconic
institution. Now I know most of you are pretty skeptical. You're a little bit like my boss. Is this really
working? So I thought why don't I share a couple of results first. Since we launched the campaign in 12
months, we've actually added 2.6 million households who are now buying ARM & HAMMER, an actual
increase of 3%. And this picture you're seeing is actually, it is currently nearly 7 out of 10 households
buying ARM & HAMMER. And if this room is representative, my vision is actually to have 3 out of 4
households buying ARM & HAMMER. So you might remember, there's not many where the U.S. is as united
as having 3 out of 4 people agree that this is a great choice.

But what's more important, you could now say, well, but you get them in via promotions. No. Actually, we
have people spent more money on ARM & HAMMER, and you see here, they're spending 5% more. So if
you think about it, what is a great sign for brand health? More people buying it and spending more. So I
think that's very clear answer that ARM & HAMMER is very healthy and growing wonderfully, right?

There we go. And I think for those of you who saw it last year, you might want to note that we have ARM
& HAMMER in every single one of our brands and categories, and I want to show you a couple of how we
communicate about ARM & HAMMER. And for those of you who have seen some of our cats, they just got
cuter. So just have a look at the cats.

[Presentation]

Britta B. Bomhard
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

That's a really distinctive campaign and it's working really well for us. You might not have seen this
campaign because we just recently launched our ARM & HAMMER dental campaign at the very end of last
year. It's a very hard one to break through. So I hope, A, you appreciate how different it is to a normal
dental commercial you might see; and secondly, it also illustrates that this campaign works in no matter
what category. So let's look at that one.

[Presentation]

Britta B. Bomhard
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Challenged and check, how well the plaque removal is currently on what you use. And moving on to our
next, you might know, if you're not part of the Burning Man crowd, and I'm pretty sure most of us here in
this room aren't, then this one is what we say is a great deodorant.

[Presentation]

Britta B. Bomhard
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

This is a broad spectrum of what we can do with the ARM & HAMMER campaign on every single of those
different categories, playing to what's important and what's the consumer insight but still bringing it all
together and driving the overall $1 billion brand. So I think that's pretty unique. But I'm actually here to
talk about something new. Well, it's not too much of a rear wheel as it's standing or sitting on all your
tables but our new CLEAN & SIMPLE laundry detergent. It's clean, it's simple, it's smart and it's powerful.

So what have we learned about consumers and you might have seen that in a few areas. In food, the
transparency in less is more in ingredients has already been quite established. And this trend is now
moving from what people ingested to what's on me and then to what's around me. And this is where we
have an amazing detergent which has a no compromise, powerful, clean laundry with a simple ingredient
list. So none of the others offer that. And what's even better of it, and it's a pity that my colleague, Carlos,
who heads up our R&D, is not here today, but he and his team are really revolutionizing of how we look at
making innovation. One part is there's a very different innovation culture, we are connecting the different
teams around R&D and the different areas of expertise. A lot more risk-taking and obviously speed. And
that's what you can see here how we came up and looking at what's happening in the food industry, it's
a very clear trend, which will come into the other areas. And that's where our future works team actually
discovered the CLEAN & SIMPLE formulation.

So what's in there? Or better, what's not in there because that's what consumers are asking. So it doesn't
have dyes, no added preservatives, no phosphates, no brighteners and no parabens. Sounds pretty
attractive, doesn't it? But what's in there is 6 essential ingredients: a hard-working cleaner, active stain
remover, laundry booster, baking soda, of course, water softener and fragrance. And what is more and
important, it has few ingredients but it is as powerful as our best-selling product, which is ARM & HAMMER
with OxiClean. And as we said, it has fewer ingredients, not only as our own, but a typical average laundry
detergent has between 15 and 30 ingredients. So we only have 6. And here, less is more.

But not only that, it's also very good for the environment. So on the next iteration of laundry bottles, you
will actually see this back label, which we'll talk about our partnership with the Arbor Day Foundation,
where we help planting trees for cleaner air and water. This product is also being elected as a safer choice,
so we have that endorsement, which is very important to reassure consumers. And we're also using the
Green-e, which says it's 100% certified renewable electricity. And of course, we're one of the leading
partners of how to recycle, which is in a lot of our labels and also graces this label as the bottle is fully
recyclable.

And now, you wonder how will we tell consumers about it. So let's.

[Presentation]

Britta B. Bomhard
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

I hope you noticed, we're helping women making the right choices and we have very positive feedback
because it's such a good way to get it from a trusted brand like ARM & HAMMER. And once we drive
people to store, this is what they will see in the future. We have massive executions in stores and coming
soon, Dollar General. Sorry, that was too quick, can you go back. Wait, if I can do that. So what else
do consumers want besides clean and simple? There's other trends, which are about sustainability and
convenience. And Matt talked about online shopping, lots and lots of more people actually order online,
that's not as developed in the laundry area because it's difficult to ship big bottles. So we have a solution
for consumers who want convenience and sustainability because we have launched ARM & HAMMER plus
OxiClean, our bestseller, as a super concentrated laundry detergent. It has 3x more cleaning power but

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

it has 37% less plastic and uses 30% less water. So again, fully on a sustainability trend and available to
consumers who prefer shopping on e-commerce.

I've talked a lot about ARM & HAMMER. We also have another exciting brand, OxiClean. And if I look
around the room, except for everybody who's on my team today, you know that black clothes, dark
clothes are very important and about 42% of all wash loads get sorted into black, dark colors, and we
have a solution for that. So OxiClean Dark Protect, which is specifically formulated for dark and black
fabrics. So as we are now in winter season, take a note, you might want to get one of those.

And with that, I hand it over to Matt, who's going to share insights on hair care.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

All right. Obviously, I'm the expert on dry shampoo. So if you're somebody with normal hair and you
pick up an aerosol can of a dry shampoo, that's okay, that might make my hair dryer. So we said, hey,
what's going to appeal to women with normal to dry hair? So we said, okay, we'll go to launch a BATISTE
waterless cleansing foam. So this is something that you rub into your hair and refreshes hair and dries in
60 seconds. And we have 4 different variants we're launching right now.

And now WATERPIK. You also often hear us talk about WATERPIK water flosses. Well, WATERPIK, that
business, we're experts in waterjet technology. So that technology has been around for almost 50
years. And so now we're coming out with the brand-new, first-known FDA-registered showerhead. And
the insight here is that millions of Americans discuss massage with their doctors, it's something that
WATERPIK folks look into. So here it is, water for wellness. This FDA-registered power pulse showerhead.
And we've done 9 clinical studies, and what those studies tell us is that these particular showerheads
soothes muscles, they increase flexibility and they promote better sleep. And here's kind of a fun fact. The
average shower is 8 to 12 minutes, and what our consumers tell us is that these benefits they start feeling
after 2 minutes using these showerheads. Really cool innovation.

Okay. I talked a little bit about FLAWLESS earlier. Women are look -- are focused on convenient hair
removal. So new product from FLAWLESS called Nu Razor. This is waterless, whole body hair removal,
anywhere, anytime. Now FLAWLESS, we've got a lot of interest in FLAWLESS on the part of analysts and
shareholders, so we'll give a little bit of update on that. One major retailer right now, the reset has already
happened from As Seen On TV through the wet shave aisle and that's happening in a lot of retailers. Why
is that important? It's because the traffic in the wet shave aisle is 4x the traffic in As Seen on TV. So this is
launching right now in 1 major retailer, wherein after 2 weeks, POS consumption is up 7%. And that's just
1 major retailer. We know what kind of wins we have for 2020, and our total distribution point is going to
be up 15% in 2020. And recall, if you read it in the press release, that we expect FLAWLESS sales to be up
15%, and this is part of the underpinning for that. That as well the Nu Razor launch, we think we're going
to be in good shape for the coming year.

All right, next up is natural toothpaste are growing 14x the rate of the toothpaste category. So we're
introducing ARM & HAMMER Essentials Toothpaste, 2 different variants, and we've gotten really, really
good reception from retailers, particularly the drug class trait.

Next up, men, this is TROJAN condoms, wait for it. Men want to ensure their partner is satisfied. So we got
new product called G spot from Trojan, and we have an ad for you. Take a look.

[Presentation]

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

We always have a lot of fun with that TROJAN brand. By the way, whenever we have a meeting for new
products, it's the most -- for Trojan, it's the most well-attended meeting in the company. You'll have
sitting on the window sills.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

All right. VMS, so vitamins. We have lots of line extensions coming in 2020, and we're addressing a lot
more need states. And we've really picked up the pace of innovation for vitamins. If you look at '17 and
'18, we kind of averaged 6 new items a year. We had 22 new items in 2019. We've got 17 more coming in
2020. Too many to run through today. And we have more innovation coming in 2020 in other categories,
so stay tuned. You'll hear about those later in the year. And next up is Steve to tell you our fabulous
international story. Come on up, Steve.

Steven P. Cugine
Executive Vice President of International & Global New Products Innovation

Thank you, Matt.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

All right.

Steven P. Cugine
Executive Vice President of International & Global New Products Innovation

Excellent. So I am pleased to be here to share with you the fabulous international growth story. So as
Matt already talked about, the evergreen target for international is 6% per year. In 2014, we delivered
$535 million in sales. We finished 2019 at $756 million in sales. The important note here is that we firmly
believe that we've reached global scale. There isn't a market that we're not in today and where we can't
reach with ourselves through our existing subsidiary markets or through our GMG business. I think even
more impressive than the size of the business is that we tripled the organic growth rate from roughly 3%
to about 9%. So significantly larger business, tripling the growth rate. This is an important chart that we
show every year, but there's some new information here. Our Global Markets Group is now 33% of the
total business. For the first time, it is the largest segment within the international business, followed by
Canada, Europe, 3 countries, Mexico and Australia.

We have grown historically well above our evergreen target of 6%. In 2019, we hit 9.2%, an outstanding
year, and we leave the year with momentum delivering 10.6%. So we feel the wind at our back. Let's
break that down in a little more detail. Our subsidiary markets delivered 5.2%, and our GMG business,
a whopping 19.2%. Our subsidiaries are largely in developed markets. So 5.2% in developed markets is
really outstanding performance. Our brands are healthy, whether they be in emerging markets or GMG,
or in our subsidiary markets. We're excited about the performance of both of these businesses. The GMG
business is certainly an engine of growth for the division and for the company. Since 2014, when we
initiated the start of our new growth strategy for international, this business has delivered 19% CAGR
throughout its life cycle. And again, '19, we did 19.2%. A lot of 19s in there. And it's driven by our core
brands. So we're driving ARM & HAMMER, BATISTE, WATERPIK, VMS, OxiClean, STERIMAR, FEMFRESH
and now FLAWLESS. We continue to invest in building capabilities around the world. As you know, year
in and year out, I've been up here talking about the investments that we've made in Southeast Asia and
then talked about China. We continue to make incremental investments. China, Southeast Asia, Germany,
fast-growing market for us in Europe and in Central America. We've taken the opportunity to localize the
content that we give to consumers because these brands need to show up differently market-by-market
so they're relevant. We're investing particularly last year and this year in technology because Matt talked
about speed of decision-making, we feel is a differentiator for the company, that is also true in these very
dynamic international markets.

We invest a lot in our GMG distributor training and regulatory affairs. We want to make sure that our
partners in particular markets know as much as we do. We provide them innovation, case studies, they
share case studies. So they are an extension of our family and we think that is unique to Church & Dwight.
So we're absolutely committed to 6% organic growth moving forward. We believe we have a runway
for our existing brands. We have demonstrated our ability to grow acquired brands. WATERPIK, now
FLAWLESS. Our GMG group will continue to post double-digit growth and we made investments in fast-
growing markets that we think we can leverage. Because we feel that we have a scaled global business for
the first time, we're going to make a new commitment, and that commitment is not only organic growth

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

but we're going to continue to expand operating margin year in and year out. We're going to take a big
step change from 2019 to 2020, and part of our evergreen target is to deliver another 50 bps of growth
-- of operating margin expansion. And that is on top of any incremental investments that we're going to
make to ensure that we have the capabilities around the world.

So in summary. One, we have the right strategies for growth. We've demonstrated that. We know that.
Two, we have brands that consumers love around the world. Three, we built a management team that is
outstanding, and several of them around the world are here today. So to them, I say thank you. And we
feel that we're just starting. But there is a lot of runway in international markets for Church & Dwight's
products. Dropped the mic.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

That was another balloon for you at home.

Steven P. Cugine
Executive Vice President of International & Global New Products Innovation

Thanks, team.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Wow, that was perfect punctuation mark. Okay. Animal productivity. So back to the algo, 3% algorithm,
2% U.S., 6% international, 5% for Specialty Products. Where's the 5% going to come from? Well, we have
a bulk chemicals business, which is bulk sodium bicarbonate, and then animal productivity, 6%. How has
that been working out for you? Not very well. Well, let's talk about why is that. So this one goes -- flow on
this. When you look at the top of the chart, that's Specialty Products Division organic sales growth since
2011. So what do you notice? We're up in 2011, down in '12 and '13. Up in '14, 22.6%, down '15 and '16,
up '17, down '18 and '19. Back up in '20. And then below it, you say, okay, what was going on with milk
prices. And you can see, as milk prices recover, that's when you see green for the growth of the Specialty
Products business. So we knew that a few years ago in 2015, we said, hey, we've got to start moving into
other species. And in 2015, 99% of the animal productivity business was dairy. And today, that's not true.
It used to be -- it was 1% nondairy. Today, it's 27% nondairy. So we think that we're going to be able to
flatten this out over time. Now, why do we go into other species? Well, because of demand for protein
and simply population growth. We've got 7.7 billion people today going to 9.8 billion by the middle of
the century. And antibiotics are out of favor and the consumers are telling retailers and farmers, hey, no
antibiotics, no hormones, no chemicals. And if you look at the stats, you'll see that there's 40% decrease
in the use of animals probiotics since 2015. So that bodes well for us because we bought 2 businesses,
one was called VI-COR, the other was Agro BioSciences. They get us into probiotics and custom probiotics.
We were in nutritional supplements for dairy. We then got into prebiotics and probiotics. So now, we have
a nice portfolio for not only dairy but cows, swine and poultry.

So as I said before, the nondairy business is 27% of animal productivity. Today, we think that's going to
have big growth in 2020. And we get lots of questions about milk. Hey, people raise their hands. Isn't milk
consumption in the United States on decline? Absolutely. So if you look at this chart here, the per capita
consumption in 2015 was 174 pounds, that's annually. More recently, it's 164 pounds. But if you look
at what's going on with cheese, big offset to that. It takes 10 pounds of milk to make 1 pound cheese.
And then when you come to the Church & Dwight conferences, you always walk around with learning
something you didn't know. So when you think about milk, also think cheese. Cheese is a big offset for the
decline in milk production. So the dairy industry does have growth ahead of it. So we feel good long term
about our algorithm of 5%. We have the trusted brand, the ARM & HAMMER brand goes across prebiotics,
probiotics, all of our products. We are aligned with the consumer trend, we're now into multiple species,
and all the growth is ahead of us, particularly internationally.

Right now, I want to talk about how we run the company. There's 5 operating principles. One, we
leverage brands. We have 12 brands that account for 80% of our revenues and profits. These are brands
that consumers love. Second thing, we've long been a friend of the environment, and I'm going to go
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

into a little bit deeper in a moment. And we leverage people, we have highly productive people in an
environment where people do matter. And finally, we're asset-light, we leverage our assets. Now if you
do those 4 things well, you're going to have really good returns. But because one of our competencies is
identifying, acquiring and integrating businesses, we turn our good returns into great returns. As I said,
here are the brands, we have brands consumers love. As far as the friend of the environment goes, over
100 years ago, we started using recycled paperboard in our cartons. In the 1970s, we were the first and
we're the only corporate sponsor of the first Earth Day. Actually, 20 years later, in 1990, we're still the only
corporate sponsor of Earth Day. And we were the first to take phosphates out of laundry detergent.

More recently, we're been focused on green global electricity demand supplied by renewable sources, both
wind and power. And we've been planting lots of trees with Arbor Day. And we all remember from fifth
grade science, the trees take carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere and they turn it into oxygen, right?

What are some of our goals. We want to reduce water and wastewater by 25% by 2022. And we want to
recycle more. We want it 75% by the end of this year. And finally, we want to be carbon-neutral. So 100%
carbon-neutral by 2025. And that's through having green electricity and also planting millions and millions
of trees. So that's our goal today. We're at 60% carbon-neutral. What that means is we offset 60% of the
CO2 that we put into the atmosphere.

Okay. And we've been getting some recognition for that as well. We regularly show up on list of Barron's,
Forbes, the EPA list of companies that are faithful to the environment.

All right. Now I'd just also mention highly productive people in a place where people matter. This is the
statistic that is interesting. This is revenue per employee. So you can see we're on the far right. We're
over $900,000 right now, on our way to $1 million per employee and you can see where our peers are.
We think this is very representative of how lean the company is. And the thing that most people can tell
about any company we invest in is what is the culture, and the culture in our company is as follows, and
we talked about this both inside and outside the company. It's blue collar, high aptitude, underdogs. We're
digitally savvy, we embrace diversity and we like taking risks. And because we -- that is the environment
within our company. And you can't just snap your fingers, flip a light switch and create that. I didn't create
that. That's been there for many, many years. It's the greatest asset of the company and I think that's
one of the reasons why we're so successful year after year after year.

Now we have tremendous financial literacy within the company. You know most companies will focus on
revenue and EPS, we also focus on gross margin, and that's 25% of every one's annual bonus. And when
it's in your bonus, you ask questions like, hey, what's gross margin and how we can get it because it
affects me. And so how we get it is, we have a Good to Great program, that's our continuous improvement
program. We're continually optimizing our plants, new products are launched with higher gross margins
than the products they replace. And when we buy businesses, we make them better. We expand the
gross margins of businesses that we acquire. We have very simple compensation structure. You can see
on the left side of the pie, net revenue and EPS. On the right side, we focus on gross margin, which is
uncommon, as a metric within incentive compensation program. And cash from operations, we've long
described ourselves as free cash flow junkies, and we still are.

All right. I'm going to bring up Rick to talk about the financials now.

Richard A. Dierker
CFO & Executive VP

All right. Thanks, Matt. Good afternoon. So we're going to go through 3 things. We're going to go through
the 2019 results for the quarter, for the full year and then go through the outlook. And before we do
that, we'll just start with the evergreen model because we always do. 3% top line growth and 8% EPS
growth. And then the drill down for that is 2% organic net sales growth, 25 basis points of gross margin
expansion, flat on marketing as a percent, higher dollars, typically with revenue growth. We leverage
SG&A and we get to 50 basis points of operating margin expansion and then 8% EPS growth. That's just
-- that's the backdrop.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

So how did we do? In Q4, you heard from Matt already, you saw the release this morning, 4.4% organic
revenue growth. Domestic was 3.5%, international was 10.5%, and SPD for the first time in 8 quarters
was positive organic growth, which is great. Adjusted gross margin was 170 basis points up. I'll walk
through the detail of that in a minute. Marketing was up 240 basis points. So that's the highest spend rate
we've had in 2019, just $30-something million more year-over-year. It's a very significant increase. SG&A
was up, partially because of the acquisition, our TSA agreement as well as the amortization with that deal.
Adjusted EPS was $0.55 versus the $0.54 outlook.

So on a revenue basis, the quarter is very strong, 4.4%, and it was very strong even versus a strong year
ago, 4.3%. So on a stacked basis, 8.7%. You run your eyes across the page, 4.5% in the first quarter,
4.9% in the second, 3.5%, 4.4% and then 4.4% for the year.

So for the full year, like I said, 4.4%. Domestic has a 4% in front of it. That's fantastic. As Britta said,
10 of 12 power brands grew share during the year. Internationally, you just heard from Steve, 9% is a
great number, and then SPD was minus 3%. Gross margin was up 110. I'll go through the detail of gross
margin in another slide. Marketing was up 10 basis points. That's greater than our outlook. And then
adjusted SG&A was also up for the same reason I talked about in the quarter. EPS was up 9% to $2.47.
And cash from operations was up to $865 million, up 16% year-over-year, just a fantastic result, higher
cash earnings and improved working capital, which leads to free cash flow conversion of 128%, which is
industry-leading, and we have a slide on that.

So gross margin, just to walk you through the puts and takes. In Q4, plus 60 basis points. So that's really
the -- we continue to get the benefit from price as well as higher volumes. Inflation is a 50 basis point
drag for the quarter, that has moderated a little bit since earlier in the year. Productivity programs are up
110 basis points. It's been pretty consistent for the whole year. And then acquisition. So there's 2 parts to
the acquisition, 50 basis points from owning FLAWLESS, 10 basis points just because they have a slightly
higher gross margin in the company. The other 40 basis points is acquisition accounting. Remember, we
took that -- the revenue minus COGS, minus marketing profit, that's one line in net sales from the period
of May through October. And so when there's no offset, it's pure margin. So gross margin expansion on
a reported basis is 170, and then on a comparable basis, it will be 130. So that's the quarter. And for the
full year, many of the same things apply, and comparable gross margin expansion is plus 70. So just a
fantastic year. We raised gross margin, I think, 3 times throughout the year.

So on to 2020. So 6.5% reported sales growth. That's largely the 3.5% for organic plus the FLAWLESS
impact. Domestic is 3%; international, 7%; and SPD is 3%. That's our outlook for this year for the
division. Gross margin is up 10 basis points. If you exclude -- or if you make 2019 comparable with the
-- excluding the FLAWLESS accounting, we're up 50 basis points, apples-to-apples. Marketing is up 10.
Again, we're investing incrementally behind these brands and behind these big launches you see on the
table today as well as FLAWLESS. SG&A, we're going to leverage by 10 basis points. And operating margin
on a reported basis is up 10, but apples-to-apples, up 50. The effective tax rate is 21%. The effective tax
rate for 2018 was 21%. For 2019, it was slightly below 21%. And for 2020, we think it's 21%. What does
that mean? It means all of our EPS growth is largely operating income growth. EPS range from 7% to 9%,
midpoint is 8%. And then cash from ops is $890. So as Matt talked about this year as a record, we'd have
a new record for next year.

Okay. So here's some details on the outlook. We start with our 8% evergreen model. 8% plus 2%
accretion for FLAWLESS. Tariffs is a minus 1% drag. We're getting a hit with tariffs 4B, hitting FLAWLESS
and our showerhead business to the tune of a drag of about 1% on EPS. Marketing investments for new
launch, that's the 10 basis points you guys saw on the earlier page, and so that's how we get the midpoint
of 7% to 9% and 8%.

We focus on gross margin for a long, long time. It's a hallmark of this company. Gross margin, as Matt
said, is in everyone's bonus. Gross margin drives cash flow, cash flow drives valuation. And we had an
inflection point of 44.4% in 2018, we recovered nicely in 2019 and we're going to continue to improve in
2020.

So in 2020, here are the details. Plus 80 basis points as we continue to get some benefits carryover from
price and as well as higher volume. Inflation continues to be a drag of 150 basis points. That's largely

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

pretty much across the board from a commodity perspective. I would say commodities are flat to up,
slightly up. Some examples for you, ethylene is up mid-single digits. Clay is up high single digits. We
have PCR, resin as an example, which is high -- up significantly. HDPE resin is flat. So we have some
headwinds on inflation. Tariffs are in that -- is in that number as well. Productivity programs are up 120,
just getting very, very consistent with that. We've done some great work on the supply chain. And then
the acquisition, kind of making that apples-to-apples, again, shows you how gross margin on a reported
basis is plus 10 but plus 50 when you say it's comparable.

Matt showed this slide earlier. Organic sales growth, 10-year trend, 3.5%, which is fantastic. In 2020,
our expectations are no different. 2019 was the first time since '15 that we had a 3.5% outlook, and so
we're proud to say that we're doing that again despite the pullback on private label and getting out of the
private label vitamins and a little bit of OxiClean Laundry high promotion.

Okay. So just as important as volume, I mean, organic revenue growth is how we get there, right? So
for the last 10 years, organic revenue growth is 3.5%. Our volume growth on average is around 4%. You
could see on the graph that we kind of inflected in 2019 and volume went down, right, and price/mix went
up. And our outlook for 2020, 3.5% organic revenue growth. About 50-50 is going to come from volume
versus price/mix.

And then marketing spend again is up 10 basis points. We're one of the top 20 advertisers within CPG, so
we just have a significant amount of firepower here that we put to use for our brands.

And then SG&A, on a reported basis, it looks like it's gone up for the last few years, but when you strip out
the acquisition amortization, it's actually very flattish. So we're just really proud of this, and 2020 is going
to be no different. We expect to improve and leverage SG&A in 2020.

We've had consistent strong adjusted EPS growth. So high single digit, double digit with tax reform, and
again, high single digit in 2019 and '20. So our range is 7% to 9%, midpoint is 8%, the peer average is
about 1% to 2%.

This is my favorite slide, best-in-class free cash flow conversion. We spend a lot of time on this because
we believe cash flow drives value. And Church & Dwight in 2018 was 124% free cash flow conversion.
That's free cash flow divided by net income. The peer average was 85%. A lot of companies target 90%.

Here's a new slide for you. Here's our history over time. 125% in '15, 130% in '16, 123% in '17, 124% in
'18, and 128% is what we just finished at in 2019. Our outlook for 2020 is 119%. So we just believe this
is what sets us apart from our peer group, typically in the 80s, 90s or close to 100.

And how do we do that? Well, we do it a couple different ways. One is really strong cash earnings, the
second one is our improvement in working capital, cash conversion cycle. We've gone from 52 days in
2009 all the way down to 18 days in 2020. If you strip out the last 2 acquisitions we've done, this shows
you how good we're doing it, at really moving the needle in working capital, trying to get down to 0.
That's still a goal. So we've gone -- if you strip those 2 out, we're at 7 days today. Our baseline changes
because we've added these 2 new businesses that have a Chinese supply chain. So now we start off at 18,
and we'll continue to work through that number. But you're going to see that we had great working capital
improvement in '19, and we expect no different in 2020.

And we have a very strong balance sheet. We ended the year less than 2x levered, 1.9. We expect by the
end of 2020 to be about 1.5x.

We have significant financial capacity, right? When you're 1.5x levered by the end of the year, you have
the ability to do deals.

Our prioritized uses of free cash flow has been the same for many years. Number one is TSR-accretive
M&A. Number two is TSR-accretive M&A. But debt reduction is number two. And that's what we're going
to use the cash for this year. Number three is NPD. Number four is CapEx for organic growth. And number
five is dividends or buybacks.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

We're not a capital-intensive company. We'll pump it up about $90 million next year, and that's still less
than 2% of sales.

We have a great dividend increase in 2020. It's 5.5%. This is 119 years consecutively of paying a
dividend.

And then here's a new slide for you. Over the last 3 years, our average in the peer group for dividend
annual growth rate is 8%, and that's near the top tier of all of our peer set.
And so with that, I'll invite the management team up and we'll answer any questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Question and Answer

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Wow. All the hands are up. Stand's not even up here yet. Okay, Nik.

Nik Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So I guess 2 questions. I remember, I don't know, maybe it was 10 years ago, 7 years ago, compaction
was a pretty big deal for Church & Dwight from a margin perspective, so I was hoping to get some
perspective from you on the new product launch and what that means for shipping costs and just
packaging costs and how you think about that.

And then the second is, when it comes to FLAWLESS, I know there's kind of conflict, right, between the
ads seen on TV and the merchandising aspect. And so just thinking longer term, is there a plan to like
completely migrate this to a in-store and digital and online product where you don't have that conflict?
Because you guys really excel in execution, merchandising, display activity. So just was hoping to get
some clarity on the long-term plan there.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Well, I'll take that one first. Yes, I mean, the plan for FLAWLESS is to migrate it from ads as seen
on TV brand and completely into the wet shave aisle to completely vacate that part of the store. I mean,
because in a lot of stores, it's not in a very attractive place. So if you look at one major retailer, it's by
automotive. But when we bought it, we said, "No, this is a brand that's going to have legs long term, and
it belongs in the wet shave aisle." And one major retailer is getting behind it right now. So over time,
that's what you're going to see happening. It's happening right now in 2020.

The other question was about compaction. So when compaction happened, there's one major retailer that
drove that many, many years ago. That's not on the horizon right now for the industry. I mean, right now,
one would argue that the biggest form of compaction is pods. So that pods at some point -- if pods, at
some point, plateaus, I think it's possible then we would go back to maybe a major compaction for liquid
laundry detergent, but that is clearly not on the horizon right now.

Were you asking a question about that new product that we have online?

Nik Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Yes.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

I'll let Britta take a swing at that one and what the inside was around that.

Britta B. Bomhard
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Yes. So I think you're talking about the product I showed. That's an e-commerce play, right? So it's not in
mass distribution because I think I said that and you've seen our ambition to grow on the online class of
trade because that's where all the consumers go and a lot of shopping happens. And currently, there's not
a good laundry solution there. And that's why we've developed this specific product for that class of trade,
and we're seeing phenomenal results.

Matthew Thomas Farrell

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

President, CEO & Chairman

Okay, Bill.

William Bates Chappell
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Yes, sticking on the laundry side. Maybe first, on CLEAN & SIMPLE, can you give us a little more color,
is this incremental shelf space? How cannibalistic do you expect it to be? And then also, and maybe it's
in the plans, there's not a pod form coming out like this on the initial launch. Well, it seems that Tide
is coming at you with the Tide Simply version of pods. So maybe the thought behind that of is, are you
seeing pods in your category start to level out where it's not as important? Do you not see this as big of a
threat? So any more color both around what the shelf space looks like and how you expect this to interact
with the core brand and then also just from a pod standpoint competitive launch.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. So CLEAN -- I'll let Paul comment at some point. But CLEAN & SIMPLE, whenever you launch a new
product in liquid laundry under the ARM & HAMMER brand, you're going to have some cannibalization. But
this one, there'll be some cannibalization. But net, it will be incremental to us and we think as well to the
category. As far as are we going to move into pods for CLEAN & SIMPLE, we wouldn't disclose what our
plans might be with respect to the CLEAN & SIMPLE as a platform. Could it happen? Absolutely. But I'll let
Paul comment as well, so retailer reception to CLEAN & SIMPLE.

Paul R. Wood
Executive Vice President of U.S. Sales

Yes, I'd be a little guarded just in the message, more competitive reason than I am to avoid your question.
But what I would tell you is with every launch, you're going to have that cannibalization, there you have
incrementality, absolutely. This one's a little different, though. The story on this one of everything Britta
showed in the marketing and the timing, what the consumers are looking for in the health and wellness
front, just the other trends going on, makes this a very interesting story as you're pitching it to get
incremental space, different space, display space, other things in the store. I would tell you, it's happening
as we speak right now, the resets, so I don't want to give away what others are doing, but I'd encourage
in the next couple of weeks to get out at retail, [ love to ] retail with you and show you firsthand. This
one's a little different.

I would also tell you on the insights front, we believe this isn't just looking at a consumer within our set
today buying another yellow bottle. This is going to get some attention on shelf from -- maybe you're not
buying it today. This is going to bring you in the CLEAN & SIMPLE, the marketing Britta's got behind it.
You just saw a fraction of it today. In the shopper marketing, we're doing [indiscernible]. It's going to be
a little bit special. So I'm excited, I'm going to temper my vocabulary here but love to talk to you more on
this.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Okay. Rupesh.

Rupesh Dhinoj Parikh
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

So I guess just my first question with FLAWLESS. Just curious what drove the shortfall in Q4. And as you
look at this, just want to get a sense, it seems like distribution is driving all the growth. Just want to get a
sense of velocity, the contributor. And also, do you expect any inventory adjustments?

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Yes. So in the fourth quarter, we were down year-over-year. Some business was $180 million in 2018. It
was $186 million in 2019. We bought the business we thought would be higher by the end of the year. We
know why. A couple of things we disclosed. We had an issue with one large retailer, Bed Bath & Beyond.
And we also delayed a launch into 2020.

Now as far as the consumption goes, consumption was down significantly in the fourth quarter. We expect
that to continue but to start to recover in the first quarter. And by the time we get to the second quarter
between the new launch and also the new distribution, we expect consumption in measured channels
because, remember, measured channels in this -- for this category is less than 50%, but you'll start to see
in measured channels a year-over-year increase. And we think it's going to build from Q2 to Q3 and Q4.
So I think a lot of the growth is ahead of us starting in Q2 as a result of the new razor.

Richard A. Dierker
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. And I would just add to that. From an organic growth perspective, right, we're calling 50 basis points
of tailwind from FLAWLESS. In Q1, we think it will be flat to slightly down. And -- but pretty much 90 to
100 basis points of tailwind from the second half, and that's how you get the 50 basis points from the full
year for organic.

Rupesh Dhinoj Parikh
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Okay, great. And then -- I'm sorry.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Do you have another one, Rupesh?

Rupesh Dhinoj Parikh
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Yes, one quick one. So just in your guidance, what are you assuming for the promotional environment?

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Okay. So the promotional environment, we've talked about every quarter, and as many of you know, the
promotional environment, generally talking about the household side of the house and not a personal care.
When we say household, we're talking about laundry and we're talking about litter.

Take litter first. The litter category is pretty tame right now as far as the promotional environment. So if
you look at sequentially, it was pretty much flattish and even year-over-year. There's no story there. So
we think it's steady as you go in litter. What you got to keep in mind is that in the litter category, these
hard-fought price increases, it's unlikely that the suppliers are going to want to deal that -- the hard-won
increase back to the consumers. So I wouldn't expect that to change in 2020.

Laundry, same story. I mean, Q4 was our lowest quarter of the year, 25% sold on deal. And the category
was a 35%. And liquid laundry, a little bit higher, was a 37% sold on deal. But 2 big suppliers would be
Church & Dwight and Henkel, both down sequentially from Q2 -- pardon me, Q3 to Q4. And Procter was
up. It kind of filled the void in the promotional space. But we expect that to continue in 2020.

Okay. You're next.

Unknown Analyst

Okay. Just on the 3.5% organic growth, like in your exiting [indiscernible] side is net of the vitamin. So
the vitamin business in private label, is that going to be -- I'm assuming that growth was more dilutive to
your growth or it was actually growing faster? So that 3.5% on a more continuing space is like a 4% or is
that small relative to make some of [indiscernible]?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. I'll take a swing at this and then Rick can jump in. Yes. So why we called 3.5% for 2020. Our run
rate in the second half of 2019 as a company is 4%. We said, "Hey, that's been accelerated by 50 basis
points because of FLAWLESS from 4% to 4.5%." And we had 100 basis points going the other way for 2
reasons: one, exiting private label vitamins; and number two, we're continuing to pull back on OxiClean
promotions. Now with the 100 basis points, the lion's share of that is the vitamin business. We have
stepped up our innovation over the last couple of years in vitamins. If you saw the slide that we had
earlier, you'll see it went back to '16 and '17, we had about 6 new launches a year. '18, we -- or from '19,
we had the 22 new launches. And next, we're going to have 17 new launches. So -- but this is the right
time to exit our private label. It came into the company with the acquisition, and it's a lower margin. We
think it's time.

Richard A. Dierker
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. I would just add that, that business was flattish. The private-label business for vitamins wasn't
declining or anything like that. We just felt that, that was the right strategic choice for the company. So we
decided to proactively get out of it.

Unknown Analyst

And that is accretive to margins, I'm assuming, right, on exiting that business or that's not?

Richard A. Dierker
CFO & Executive VP

Yes, it's -- when you think about the scale and the size of that business, right, we're -- and if we give you
a sense of it, if we're saying 100 basis points is going down for those 2 things, maybe 2/3 of that is the
private label and 1/3 of that is the laundry stuff. So any impact on margin is pretty minimal.

Unknown Analyst

And following up on Bill's question, if I may. On the CLEAN & SIMPLE, is that a margin-accretive innovation
or in the meantime, you might have -- like what is the price point that you're positioning it at this point?

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Paul, do you want to take a swing at the price points?

Paul R. Wood
Executive Vice President of U.S. Sales

Yes. So the price points, this is going to be right in line with our existing customers lineup. So just as
Britta was talking about the efficacy and it being equal, that's how it will sell off-the-shelf as well. And
that's a really big message that our retailers really resonated with them, that it was going to be line-
priced.

Richard A. Dierker
CFO & Executive VP

And then from a margin basis, we wouldn't really say much, but it's -- at brand average, year 1, we have,
of course, cost to drive volume for incrementality.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Okay. Joe?

Joseph Nicholas Altobello

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Just want to get a bit more color on the increase in marketing spend. Obviously, big in the fourth quarter,
and it sounds like you're looking for about a point of headwind on EPS growth in 2020. What's driving the
increases? Is it bigger new launches? And what particular brands is it going behind? And are you shifting
dollars away from promo into marketing?

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Is the question with respect to fourth quarter?

Joseph Nicholas Altobello
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Fourth quarter and 2020 as well.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Okay. Well, fourth quarter, we could see what was coming. We were doing well on top line to gross margin.
So we had a chance to reinvest both in marketing and in SG&A. We call that all places we invested in
SG&A. So obviously, we were able to throw a lot of money behind the brands, and that always helps you
going into the new year. As your question about 2020, is the 10 basis points uptick?

Joseph Nicholas Altobello
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Yes, more so the point of EPS headwind that you cited, it's just from launches.

Richard A. Dierker
CFO & Executive VP

The 10 basis points does represent the 1% EPS track, and it's really for the new launches, right? The one
on the table, we're really getting behind that in a big way. The new razor for FLAWLESS, we'll get behind
that in a big way. And then maybe, Britta, if you want to talk about...

Britta B. Bomhard
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Yes. So we have a couple of exciting products, as you saw. So for example, BATISTE foam, we are a
category leader. And as you've seen, it's a huge household penetration opportunity. It's also a new hair
type. So we're going to spend some money on educating consumers about the new way, particularly
women with curly and dry hair.

Richard A. Dierker
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. And maybe one more add I just thought of is we showed you household penetration for WATERPIK
in the U.S. versus internationally, and we found that it's very responsive to advertising. And so now we're
going to start rolling that out in Europe and Canada and Australia. So that market investment is happening
globally as well.

Joseph Nicholas Altobello
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

And just one for Steve. The increase in operating margin for international this year, it's pretty big. Is that
coming from sales leverage amongst other things or cost savings programs? What's driving that?

Steven P. Cugine
Executive Vice President of International & Global New Products Innovation

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Yes. So I think there's a couple of things. We had some expense in the year that we're not going to
recover. We feel that we've made investments on top of that, that we're not going to repeat again in next
year. I would say that's a large part of that. And there's some mix as well.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Okay. Steve.

Unknown Analyst

So I, too, have a question for Steve, but something Rick said earlier prompted another question. Why
would FLAWLESS have any impact on organic regardless of what it does in the first quarter given you
didn't own it a year ago?

Richard A. Dierker
CFO & Executive VP

It doesn't. I was trying to give you a sense that on a reported basis, in Q1, that it will be flat to down. The
organic impact is 50 basis points for the full year. All of that is in the second half, around 100 basis points.

Unknown Analyst

Okay, perfect. And then internationally, maybe you could -- a lot going on, but maybe you could rank
order the growth initiatives you have, I don't know, top 3, whether you think about it by brand, by
geography or by category. And then as you think forward with the commitments to margin expansion as
an evergreen, does that inhibit your ability to kind of press on growth as you have been? Or should we
expect some deceleration back down toward that evergreen's 6-ish level?

Steven P. Cugine
Executive Vice President of International & Global New Products Innovation

No. We feel really confident. I mean, we see the business accelerating, as you saw in 2019, and we see
that continuing into 2020. Again, we have less requirement for investments because we think we have the
right kind of staffing level in each one of the regions. China was a big investment over the last couple of
years as we built our own team in China, plus we spent money on slotting and getting product into that
market. So we think all of that, whether it would be Latin America, which has been growing very nicely for
us, and in Asia Pac, whether it be China or Southeast Asia, we've made a lot of investments in the past,
and now we think we can reap the benefits of continued strong organic growth without those investments
repeating. So that's just -- that's why we feel so confident that we can continue to deliver on the operating
margin, because we're going to get leverage in the P&L. So we're going to get that on marketing, and
we're going to get that on SG&A, for sure.

Unknown Analyst

It is a growth investment skewed anywhere? I mean, are you more excited about emerging markets,
about...

Steven P. Cugine
Executive Vice President of International & Global New Products Innovation

It's a funny thing. [indiscernible] is here. He runs our GMG business. And he would say this year, we had
strong growth in EMEA and in Latin America. Latin America is smaller for us but fast-growing. We made
those investments in China. We saw very strong China growth in 2019. And we expect strong growth
in Southeast Asia as well. Asia, in particular, we see as a real growth engine long term for the company
because we're just still young and small but growing fast.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Okay. I'll swing to this side of the table. Kevin?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great. Perfect. Kevin Grundy, Jefferies. I had a question on international as well, so it works out. So
connecting the dots, just to sort of pick up where you left off there, Steve, given that, why the implied
deceleration in the outlook for international? And I don't want to diminish 7%, which is outstanding, but
you guys haven't done a 7% in the past 5 years in the region, and now you have a presence in China. So
I'm just trying to connect the dots with that. And then more broadly, maybe, Matt, you can chime in the
role in M&A and how you potentially see that longer term and growing your international business. And
the last, just like from a capital planning perspective, when do certain markets you potentially consider
moving them from the export model to the subsidiary model? What's sort of like the tipping point? How do
you think about that and implications from an income statement and from a balance sheet perspective?

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Okay. I'll try to remember all that. Let's start off with the current year. So we have an algorithm of about
6% annually. So we always go back to that, can we sustain 6% year after year after year? And if you
look at what Steve has been doing in international, just hitting it out of the park. And so now we've got
a big plan for this year. You might say you're sad because it's not 9%, but we're not a company that's
going to get way out over our skis. So we think we got a strong plan for 2020. We don't view that as a
deceleration. We look at that as just we're consistently now delivering above our algorithm.

You asked a question about international. So we have done some M&A internationally over the past years.
VIVISCAL was -- is an international brand. WATERPIK had some international as well. We bought the
ANUSOL brand from J&J. And so we're putting a lot of effort behind those, and we're getting a lot of
traction. So Steve and his gang have done a great job taking those 3 to international markets.

So we're continually scanning for things that we can acquire and we can put into our infrastructure and
leverage it. But we're pretty fuzzy about what we're going to buy, as you know.

You had a third one, though, the third question.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Yes. [ When does it tip ] to go direct?

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Okay, I'll go -- Steve can say what we've done in Germany.

Steven P. Cugine
Executive Vice President of International & Global New Products Innovation

Yes. So we look at markets of where we can go direct, and it really is all about SG&A leverage. So how
concentrated is the retail environment, and in Germany, it's quite concentrated. So we were able to go
direct in Germany and manage that P&L so we get returns fast. My 2 buddies down here, they're pretty
disciplined about spending and returns, as you can imagine. So you really need like a 20:1 relationship in
terms of SG&A investment to sales growth. And so where the markets are young and highly fragmented
from a retail environment, it takes a lot more SG&A to make that happen. So we know the underlying
economic model for us, what we need to have to shift from an export market to a subsidiary market. And
we'll make those calls as we see fit, but that is not required for us to hit our evergreen target.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Okay. All right. Same table, Jason.

Jason M. English

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Two very different topics for questions. First, sticking on international but with a supply chain angle,
can you update us on the status of tariffs on your supply chain? And also whether or not we should be
considering any risk related to the coronavirus in terms of supply and manufacturing of -- whether it be
the WATERPIK or -- I'm not sure where FLAWLESS is manufactured, whether we should be cognizant of
that as well.

Second is on private label. Can you size -- of that 100 bps drag, how much of it is from the private label
exit? Any reason to think that, that may actually suck some capacity out of the industry and help your
branded side? And is there also, maybe on the other side of that, risk? Presumably, a good time to exit
would have been 5 years ago when you were spending a lot of money to add capacity. I imagine you
chose not to because there was a risk tethered to it. Is -- if -- assuming that's the case, then why is that
there no longer that risk?

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Let's start with China. So we're well aware what's going on in China right now with the virus. So we
have checked with our suppliers of both -- of finished products and also business like FLAWLESS and
SPINBRUSH and WATERPIK. And right now, it looks like, because of the extension of the Chinese New
Year, this is going to be a 1-, maybe 2-week delay in start-up of those manufacturing sites. But because
of our safety stock, what's on the water, and also, you can overcome some of -- a delay like that with
airfreight that we don't see a risk right now with what we know right now to quarter call that's in the -- it's
in a release. Good on that one?

Richard A. Dierker
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. And then on tariffs, I would -- I tried to talk about it in my prepared remarks a little bit, but that 1%
drag on EPS is tariffs. That's really the 4B list that went into effect on December 15, and we're getting
hit on showerheads and FLAWLESS. So you can do the math on what about a 1% EPS drag is, but it's a
couple of cents.

And then your other question on private-label vitamin, it's a 100 basis points decline in organic growth, it's
at about 60% is a piece of the private-label vitamin beginning to exit, right? It's a 2-year process, so 60
bps of 100 is from private-label vitamins.

And I don't know, Rick, if you want to say anything else about the supply chain in China or are you good?

Rick Spann
Executive Vice President of Global Operations

Yes. No. I mean, Matt pretty much covered it. We're working very closely with our suppliers. And what we
know so far is the 1- to 2-week delay that Matt referenced on starting up after Chinese New Year, we have
ample safety stock, don't anticipate a material impact to Q1, but it's something we'll continue to monitor
on a regular basis.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Okay. All right. Okay. You've been waving your hand for a while.

Unknown Analyst

I want to talk about 2 different categories and just state of competition in laundry and cat litter and then
also your expectations for fiscal '20 between volume versus price/mix.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Yes. I couldn't hear the very first part of it.

Unknown Analyst

Laundry and cat litter, the state of competition.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Oh, the state of competition in the laundry and litter category. Okay. Well, I mean, you saw the chart with
respect to shares in laundry. We had a great year in laundry. ARM & HAMMER was up. XTRA, for the first
time in a long time, held share up a little bit. And OxiClean, we lost some share, but that was as expected
because we pulled back on promotions.

You also saw from the chart the dynamics over the last 3 years about who's winning and who's struggling.
We think we have an unfair competitive advantage in the laundry detergent because we have a value
brand that's advertised, which is ARM & HAMMER. And ARM & HAMMER is a $1 billion brand if you go
across all of our categories. And actually, we've done a wonderful job in positioning that product against
Sun over the last couple of years, and we continue to win distribution. Now we've got a long-term plan,
and we aim to be the #2 supplier of laundry detergent at some point.

And in the litter category, litter is a function of innovation. And we have been the innovator in that
category for many, many years. And we think that, over time, that is going to bode well for us as far as
growing share in the future.

I commented earlier about the promotional environment. It's pretty much -- pretty tepid, I would say, in
both categories. I don't expect that to change in litter, as I said, because you're not going to deal back
your price increases. And I do think that the reduction in the amount sold on deal in the laundry category,
it's really a de facto price increase. [indiscernible] list price increase is in laundry. But the pullback in
promotions, as a group, over time, is a de facto increase in price and improves margin. So...

Richard A. Dierker
CFO & Executive VP

Matt, maybe you want to talk about just how we advertise Oxi Laundry and what's this done to the
additives category?

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

You can do that.

Richard A. Dierker
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. Well, sometimes, myopically, we just look at, hey, Oxi Laundry is down a little bit in share, but we
really didn't take a broader brush and say, "Since we've launched OxiClean Laundry, we've gone from a
42% share in additives to 56% share in additives." So we're really happy with our OxiClean mega brand.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. I hope everybody paid attention to that. So if you go back and say, "Wow, OxiClean, you launched
into premium laundry detergent and we're sad because it didn't work out." No. So within Stain Fighters,
we had a 42% market share when we launched OxiClean in over in Liquid Laundry. We went from 42% to
56% today. So all that effort paid off. And so we're making a lot more money today. So that brand is alive
and well.

Britta B. Bomhard
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Can I add something? So you've seen More Power To You...

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. It's a pile-on here. This is good.

Britta B. Bomhard
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Sorry.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman

It's a pile-on.

Britta B. Bomhard
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Yes, well, I love that brand. So I have to talk about brand, and I think you've seen the More Power To You
and what it does for us. We now have a similar and that's work your magic on OxiClean, which is equally
working extremely well across the different components of OxiClean. So it's -- we have several very clear
evidence, the [ lift soft ] that we advertised, and then it's across the different subsegments of OxiClean as
well. So I'm very confident, positive that OxiClean is a very, very strong brand and we continue to grow.

Matthew Thomas Farrell
President, CEO & Chairman
Okay. All right. It looks like we might be done. All right. Hey, so I want to thank everybody for coming
today. We had great questions and looking forward to talking to you at the end of the first quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

