Cigna Corporation NYSE:CI
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 04, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

5.21

5.73

Revenue  (mm)

42881.59

44310.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-04-2021 12:04 PM GMT

9.98

3.33

5.07

20.31

22.47

43470.42

170623.79

180451.73

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

3.69

4.40

4.97

5.21

3.51

4.73

5.24

5.73

SURPRISE

(4.88 %)

7.50 %

5.43 %

9.98 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alexis Jones
Investor Relations Lead Principal

Lance Arthur Wilkes
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Matthew Richard Borsch
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Ralph Giacobbe
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Stephen C. Baxter
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Brian C. Evanko
Executive VP & CFO

David Michael Cordani
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Albert J. William Rice
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Gary Paul Taylor
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Hua Ha
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

James Ross Kurek
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Joshua Richard Raskin
Nephron Research LLC

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

Kevin Mark Fischbeck
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by for Cigna's Third Quarter 2021 Results Review.

[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference, including the Q&A session, is
being recorded. We'll begin by turning the conference over to Ms. Alexis Jones.

Please go ahead, Ms. Jones.

Alexis Jones
Investor Relations Lead Principal

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. I'm Alexis Jones, lead principle for
Investor Relations. With me on the line this morning are David Cordani, our President and Chief Executive
Officer; and Brian Evanko, Cigna's Chief Financial Officer.

In our remarks today, David and Brian will cover a number of topics, including Cigna's third quarter
2021 financial results as well as an update on our financial outlook for 2021. As noted in our earnings
release, when describing our financial results, Cigna uses certain financial measures, adjusted income
from operations and adjusted revenues which are not determined in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States, otherwise known as GAAP.

A reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, shareholders net
income and total revenues, respectively, is contained in today's earnings release, which is posted in the
Investor Relations section of cigna.com.

We use the term labeled adjusted income from operations and adjusted earnings per share on the same
basis as our principal measures of financial performance. In our remarks today, we will be making some
forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our outlook for 2021 and future performance.
These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from our current expectations. A description of these risks and uncertainties is contained in the cautionary
note to today's earnings release and in our most recent reports filed with the SEC.

Before turning the call over to David, I will cover a few items pertaining to our financial results and
disclosures. Regarding our results, in the third quarter, we recorded an after-tax special item benefit
of $35 million or $0.10 per share for integration and transaction-related costs. As described in today's
earnings release, special items are excluded from adjusted income from operations and adjusted revenues
in our discussion of financial results.

Additionally, please note that when we make prospective comments regarding financial performance,
including our full year 2021 outlook. We will do so on a basis that includes the potential impact of
future share repurchases and anticipated 2021 dividend and does not assume any impact from any
business combinations or divestitures that may occur after today such as our recently announced planned
divestiture of life accident and supplemental benefits businesses outside of the U.S., which we expect to
close in 2022.

With that, I will turn the call over to David.

David Michael Cordani
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Alexis, and thank you to everyone for joining us on our call today. This morning, I'm going to
spend a few minutes talking about our strong results for the quarter, how we are advancing our growth
strategy, and I'll provide some additional perspective on our 2022 outlook, and then Brian will share some
more details about our third quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of the year, and then we'll
take your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

So let's jump in. During the quarter, we delivered adjusted revenue of $44 billion and adjusted EPS of
$5.73 per share, all while continuing to reinvest back in our business to fund growth, expansion and
ongoing innovation, and we continue to return significant value to our shareholders.

These results reinforce we are delivering for our customers, our patients, clients, provider partners as
well as for you, our shareholders. With our high-performing health service portfolio and sharp focus on
executing our strategy, we are confident in our ability to continue driving growth and are again raising
our full year [ 2021 ] guidance for adjusted EPS and revenue. Our performance is strong, considering the
ongoing impact of the pandemic on medical costs as well as the higher claims we've experienced amongst
the special enrollment period or SEP customers within our individual business.

As it relates to our MCR in the quarter, our commercial business did improve from the second quarter
to the third quarter, and our Medicare Advantage business also improved sequentially. We continue to
execute a series of actions in 2021 and 2022 to further improve our MCR, and Brian will walk through this
in more detail in a few moments.

Separately, in early October, we also announced an agreement with Chubb to sell our life, accident and
supplemental benefits business in our international markets platform in 7 countries for $5.75 billion.

We expect to realize about $5.4 billion in net after-tax proceeds and to complete the transaction in 2022
following regulatory approvals. Guided by our strategy and similar to our 2020 divestiture of our group
insurance business, this transaction unlocks the value of the best-in-class leading asset while also enabling
us to even more sharply focus our business on health and well-being services.

So overall, our performance for the quarter reflects our clear strategy and strong execution in delivering
attractive results and importantly, our ongoing commitment to prioritize and support the evolving health
and well-being needs of those we serve.

Now I'll walk through some additional detail for our Evernorth and U.S. Medical businesses. A year ago, we
launched Evernorth to the marketplace as our health service platform, focused on servicing health plans,
employers, government organizations and healthcare providers. Since that time, Evernorth has established
itself with unique partnerships and innovative services that are resonating with multiple buyer groups.

Our Evernorth pharmacy and our medical offerings through our U.S. medical platform are the 2 primary
gateways through which most of our clients and customers form their base relationship with us.

Wrapping around these 2 exceptionally strong platforms are our additional suites of innovative health
services through Evernorth, including benefits management, care solutions and intelligence solutions.
These help us to expand and deepen existing relationships. In the third quarter, Evernorth retained and
expanded our relationship with the Department of Defense TRICARE pharmacy program and renewed a 7-
year contract. It's our privilege to serve almost 10 million active duty service members, retirees and their
families.

Evernorth will continue supporting TRICARE pharmacy operations, including specialty pharmacy services,
military pharmacy claims and retail network pharmacies. The new contract also allows for expansion of
specialty and care coordination services through 2029. As we look through the balance of the year and
into 2022, Evernorth will continue to grow revenue and earnings.

Turning to our U.S. Medical platform. In U.S. Commercial, our teams are leveraging and deploying the
innovative solutions from Evernorth to expand our service offerings and address the evolving needs of
our clients and customers. For example, in our U.S. commercial platform, we are leveraging Evernorth's
MDLIVE capabilities to expand virtual care options for our customers through their employers with
primary, urgent, behavioral and dermatology care.

As part of these value-based arrangements during virtual visits, MDLIVE physicians are leveraging our
Evernorth intelligence capabilities, enabling them to provide more connected and coordinated experience.
And we continue to expand our capabilities with MDLIVE as we recently launched a virtual first health plan
for employers.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Another great example of Evernorth and U.S. Commercial partnering to bring more value to our health
plan clients is a new arrangement we have with the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center Health Plan.
We will make in-network care available to UPMC customers who live, work or travel outside of their
network service area. UPMC has been an Evernorth Pharmacy client for 16 years, and this agreement
illustrates how we are collaborating across our enterprise to deliver greater affordability and differentiated
value for health plan clients.

We are pleased how the market continues to recognize the value we are delivering through our broad
suite of solutions. And as such, we continue to grow through both our U.S. commercial and Evernorth
platforms. Within Medicare Advantage, consistent with our strategy, we continue to grow in our existing
markets and are expanding into new geographies. Our progress is further supported by our overall value
of our offerings. For 2022 calendar year, 89% of our Medicare Advantage customers will be in four-Star or
greater plans nationally.

This is the highest level we've ever achieved, and it marks the fifth year in a row we've improved our
Star's performance. And in our Individual & Family Plan business, we have driven strong growth in this
year, increasing customers by 47% through the third quarter. A substantial portion of this growth did come
from the extended special enrollment period. And as I previously noted, some of the MCR impact in the
third quarter was driven by the medical costs amongst those we added during the outpaced SEP growth.

We do expect this will moderate in 2022. We are positioning ourselves to build on this momentum in the
individual family plan business by expanding our addressable market, again, as we enter in 3 new states
and 93 new counties in 2022. These new markets offer the potential to reach an additional 1.5 million
customers. The continued strength of our results and the growth we are generating through the execution
of our strategy gives us confidence we will deliver against our commitments in 2021. We will deliver EPS in
line with our long-term targets and revenue growth well above our long-term targets for yet another year.
We will also deliver EPS within our long-term target range in 2022.

Specifically for 2021, we are committed to delivering our increased guidance for full year adjusted EPS
of at least $20.35. For full year 2021, we remain on track for generating at least $7.5 billion of cash flow
from operations, and we expect to return more than $7 billion to shareholders in 2021 through dividends
and share repurchase.

Looking to 2022, we expect to grow EPS by at least 10% off of our increased 2021 guidance of at least
$20.35 per share. We anticipate a number of tailwinds, including core growth in our business, and
additional contribution from margin expansion in our U.S. Medical business as we drive pricing actions,
execute affordability and efficiency initiatives and benefit from the return of Medicare risk adjustment
revenue to more normalized levels.

We're also expecting year-over-year headwinds as we plan for net investment income to be more in line
with historical levels. And of course, the rate and pace of ongoing strategic investments will vary from
year-to-year. In short, 2022 will be another strong year for Cigna.

Now to briefly summarize. As we've demonstrated through the quarter and throughout 2021, we are
delivering for our customers, patients, clients, and provider partners as they experience the ongoing
challenges of the pandemic. We are also taking significant value-enhancing actions such as divesting a
portion of our international business, returning substantial amounts of capital to our shareholders and
continuing to strategically invest in our capabilities and in strategic partnerships. All of which position us to
continue to advance our long-term growth agenda and continue to deliver shareholder value. With that, I'll
turn the call over to Brian.

Brian C. Evanko
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, David. Good morning, everyone.

Today, I'll review key aspects of Cigna's third quarter results, including the ongoing impact of COVID-19 on
our business, and I will discuss our updated outlook for the full year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

During the quarter, total medical costs were higher than our expectations within our U.S. Medical segment,
driven largely by the impact of the Delta variant in our U.S. commercial business and increased medical
costs for special enrollment period customers in our U.S. individual business. Importantly, I would remind
you that approximately 80% of our revenues are from service-based businesses that are not significantly
exposed to medical cost fluctuations.

Our balanced portfolio and multiple levers for value creation resulting in Cigna's overall revenue and
earnings exceeding our third quarter expectations. This strong third quarter performance, coupled with
capital deployment activities, led to an increased outlook for full year 2021, which I will discuss shortly.

Now turning to Enterprise results. Key consolidated financial highlights in third quarter 2021 include
adjusted revenue growth of 9% to $44.3 billion; adjusted earnings growth of 20% to $1.9 billion after tax
and adjusted earnings per share growth of 30% to $5.73. Results in the third quarter reflect strong top
and bottom line growth with contributions across all of our businesses with overall performance above our
expectations.

I'll now discuss our segment level results, and we'll then provide an update on the details of our outlook
as well as our capital positioning. Regarding our segments, I'll first comment on Evernorth. Third quarter
2021 adjusted revenues grew 13% to $33.6 billion. Adjusted pharmacy script volumes increased 8% to
411 million scripts and adjusted pretax earnings grew 7% to $1.5 billion compared to third quarter 2020.
Evernorth's strong results in the quarter were driven by organic growth, including strong volumes in retail
and specialty pharmacy, along with ongoing efforts to improve affordability for the benefit of our clients,
customers and patients and deepening of existing relationships, partially offset by significant strategic
investments to support ongoing growth, including our virtual care platform and technology capabilities.

Overall, Evernorth continues to create differentiated value for clients and customers. while driving overall
revenue and earnings growth that exceeded our original expectations through the first 3 quarters of 2021.

Turning to U.S. Medical. Third quarter adjusted revenues were $10.5 billion, and adjusted pretax earnings
were approximately $1 billion. Overall, our U.S. medical earnings exceeded our expectations during
the third quarter, reflecting the impact of favorable net investment income and increased specialty
contributions, partially offset by higher claim costs due to the net impact of COVID-19 and increased
medical costs for special enrollment period customers in our individual business. The net effect of these
claim cost impacts produced a medical care ratio of 84.4% in the third quarter.

Looking ahead, we are actively managing overall medical costs and our MCR with a range of actions,
including continuing to leverage our insights from our strong data and analytics capabilities to address key
drivers and identify opportunities such as guiding customers to more effective and efficient sites of care,
continued discipline in our pricing and rate actions. And we're also continuing to promote preventative
care and access to behavioral services to provide meaningful support to patients and moderate overall
medical costs over the longer term.

Turning to membership. We ended the quarter with 17 million total medical customers, an increase of
approximately 368,000 customers year-to-date. In U.S. Medical, the year-to-date customer growth was
driven by net growth in select and mill markets within U.S. commercial and continued organic growth in
Medicare Advantage and individual within U.S. government.

In our International Markets business, third quarter adjusted revenues were $1.6 billion and adjusted
pretax earnings were $250 million. These results were in line with our expectations. Corporate and other
operations delivered a third quarter adjusted loss of $275 million. Overall, Cigna's broad portfolio of
services continues to serve the needs of our customers and clients. Cigna remains committed to delivering
value for all of our stakeholders, leveraging our well-positioned businesses.

Now turning to our updated outlook for full year 2021. We are raising our adjusted earnings per share
guidance for full year 2021 to at least $20.35 per share, reflecting the strength of the quarter, the
favorable impact of our year-to-date share repurchase and acknowledgment of the ongoing fluidity of the
broader environment. This represents EPS growth of at least 10% from 2020, consistent with our long-
term EPS growth range of 10% to 13%, even with the ongoing challenges associated with COVID-19 and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

while having significantly increased our dividend in 2021. As we look forward, it is clear that COVID-19
will continue to have an impact in the fourth quarter and in 2022. And as time progresses, COVID-related
impacts and the ongoing performance of the business are becoming more intertwined. Therefore, we no
longer believe it's instructive to continue to quantify the impact of COVID-19.

These dynamics are fully contemplated in our 2021 expectations for adjusted EPS of at least $20.35 and
our 2022 expectations for EPS growth of at least 10% off this 2021 guidance.

Turning to revenue. We now expect full year 2021 consolidated adjusted revenues of at least $172 billion,
representing growth of at least 11% from 2020 when adjusting for the divestiture of our Group Disability
and Life business. I would note this revenue growth rate significantly exceeds our projected long-term
average annual growth goal of 6% to 8% and represents the third consecutive year of significant revenue
outperformance since our combination with Express Scripts in late 2018.

I will now discuss our 2021 outlook for our segments. For Evernorth, we continue to expect full year 2021
adjusted earnings of at least $5.8 billion, representing growth of at least 8% over 2020, reflecting the
significant value we create for our customers and clients. For U.S. Medical, we continue to expect full
year 2021 adjusted earnings of at least $3.5 billion. Underlying this updated outlook, we now expect the
2021 medical care ratio to be in the range of 84% to 84.5%, which includes our expectations for elevated
medical costs for individual special enrollment period customers.

Regarding total medical customers, we continue to expect 2021 growth of at least 350,000 customers.
Now moving to our 2021 capital management position and outlook. We expect our businesses to continue
to drive strong cash flows and returns on capital, even as we continue reinvesting to support long-term
growth and innovation. For full year 2021, we continue to expect at least $7.5 billion of cash flow from
operations, reflecting the strong capital efficiency of our well-performing businesses.

Year-to-date, as of November 3, 2021, we have repurchased 26.5 million shares for $6.3 billion. And we
now expect full year 2021 weighted average shares of approximately 342 million shares. This includes
the impact of the $2 billion accelerated share repurchase that we announced in the third quarter. On
October 27, we declared a $1 per share dividend payable on December 22 to shareholders of record as of
December 7. Our balance sheet and cash flow outlook remains strong, benefiting from our highly efficient
service-based orientation that drives strategic flexibility, strong margins and attractive returns on capital.

So now to recap. Results in the third quarter reflect strong top and bottom line growth with solid
contributions across our businesses. Cigna has shown the ability to deliver value through dynamic
environments with our breadth of businesses and multiple earnings levers. We continue to support our
customers, clients and coworkers and deliver on our financial commitments. We now expect 2021 full year
adjusted earnings of at least $20.35 per share, representing growth of at least 10% from 2020, consistent
with our long-term EPS growth rate range of 10% to 13%. And we expect to grow 2022 adjusted EPS at
least 10% off our raised 2021 guidance.
With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for the Q&A portion of the call.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mr. A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse.

Albert J. William Rice
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Just maybe to try to drill down a little bit on that expectation for at least 10% growth off the new updated
numbers for this year. I know it sounds like you're getting away from talking about that $250 million of net
COVID impact that you're absorbing this year? I know there's various inputs there. But I was wondering
because there -- last quarter, it sounded like you were carrying a lot of your expectation for COVID-
related costs broadly defined into next year. As you think about your updated thoughts about '22, can
you comment on how much of an ongoing COVID headwind are you expecting? And is there any other big
changes to the puts and takes you've laid out last quarter as you think about '22.

David Michael Cordani
President, CEO & Director

It's David. Let me try to shape our insights relative to 2022 now that we're much deeper into 2021. First,
you're right, earlier this year, we've tried to frame the magnitude of the headwind and indisputably, COVID
had many disruptions to the marketplace, whether it was testing, treatment, revenue dislocation, et
cetera.

Against that backdrop, as you know, our broad service portfolio and our broad funding mechanisms
continue to perform quite well, and we're able to deliver from a marketplace standpoint. If you think about
2021, there's really 4 big chunky items: one, we'll put it in the headwind category, the headwind created
by the COVID costs and the headwind created by MRA revenue decrement; and then positives offsetting
that somewhat, which were favorable net investment income and some operating expense items.

Now as we think about and look at the 2022 environment, our visibility in terms of our growth outlook, our
rate execution, our affordability initiatives, our efficiency initiatives and our understanding of how this year
is coming to close broadly speaking, those puts and takes in 2021 largely offset one another as we step
into 2022, the headwinds and tailwinds. So or at least 10% growth in 2022 off of our elevated 2021 EPS
essentially represents capital deployment in line with our strategic target of 4% to 5% of accretion, and
the residual leased 5% to 6% from fundamental operating growth to get us to that at least 10%.

So to recap additional visibility in terms of the drivers for 2022 growth, mix of growth, rate execution,
affordability. And then secondly, the puts and takes in 2021 are configuring in a way that they largely
offset one another as we step into 2022 underscoring that at least 10% is largely fundamental for our
business portfolio.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ms. Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

David, I just wanted to better understand how you're thinking about the Evernorth business as we think
about 2022, I know you've talked in the past about some of the business losses, but if you can give us
an update as to how to think about Evernorth going into 2022. And then as we think about the Evernorth
business and think about the virtual primary care offerings that are out in the marketplace, what are you
thinking with MDLIVE?

David Michael Cordani
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Lisa. So relative to Evernorth, first as we step into 2022, as Brian and I both noted, we're quite pleased
with the underlying performance of Evernorth. If you look at the inherent growth that Evernorth has
delivered for the organization and the diversity of the growth, we're quite pleased with that. Secondly, our
ability to both drive fundamental growth, continue to invest in innovation and extend our partnerships,
we feel quite good. So just framing Evernorth and then coming to the MDLIVE question, our Evernorth
portfolio has 4 specific portfolios of services that are positioned well: Evernorth Pharmacy, Evernorth Care,
Evernorth Benefits and Evernorth Intelligence.

Our positioning relative to serving health plans, large employers, expanding with governmental agencies
and increasingly with healthcare providers continues to resonate well in the marketplace. For 2022, to
your comment relative to some losses, we expect the retention rate in the Evernorth pharmacy business
in the mid-90s, which is still a strong result even with the known losses we had identified. And given the
strength we've had of growth over the last several years, we are quite committed to maintaining price
discipline in the marketplace. So the business portfolio will grow yet again.

Specific to MDLIVE, we're delighted to have the MDLIVE capabilities in our portfolio, and that now
resides within Evernorth Care. We see the utilization of those services continue to grow. As I noted,
beyond important, urgent or triage care, but to primary behavioral dermatology. And then we've recently
expanded our virtual first offering. So we see it as a great opportunity to both expand access improve
affordability. But finally, it presents a platform to broaden some access to care in terms of alternative side
care capabilities. So in a nutshell, we're pleased. We'll grow again and we're investing in further growth,
including within the virtual capabilities of MDLIVE.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mr. Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

I wanted to ask David about the international sales. First, in terms of multiple, it looks like you got about
10 to 12x kind of net income for that business. Is that correct in the right ballpark? And then if so, just
curious in terms of the strategic kind of nature of the sale in terms of the multiple looks kind of depressed
relative to a business that's historically looked at as a double-digit top line grower? And then can you
tell us how we should think about capital deployment once you get those funds? Is it going to be similar
to what we saw with the life and disability where there's a lot of share repo? Or should we think about
something else?

David Michael Cordani
President, CEO & Director

Justin. Let me start and have Brian shape a little further, both how we feel about the value realization
here and the capital deployment. First, stepping back, we're quite proud of what has been built in our
international portfolio over a long period of time. This specific portion of our international portfolio. So
direct to individual life, accident and supplemental businesses, we've successfully grown over a long
period of time. But using our strategy as a guide, the important underscore here, our strategy guides us
to further enhance and deepen our health and well-being solutions. This portion of our portfolio was less
directly aligned over time to that. So we use the strategy as a guide #1.

Two, we feel very good about the value realization and the net value realization here is quite important in
terms of a high-performing asset, and I appreciate your correlation to the group transaction, another high-
performing asset where we felt quite good about using our strategy as a guide and capitalizing on a very
attractive valuation. And then finally, that strategic action is done to allow us to even further intensify our
focus in the subsegments of the business that are more health and wellbeing-oriented, both in the U.S. as
well as globally from that standpoint as we'll continue to grow.

So I'll ask Brian to speak a little bit more toward how we looked at the valuation and our capital
deployment philosophy going forward.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Brian C. Evanko
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, David. So the math that you asked about in terms of the 10 to 12x multiple is in the right ballpark,
if you're looking at U.S. GAAP earnings contributions from the divested businesses. But very importantly,
this is a case where economics and accounting don't necessarily square up. If you look at the discounted
cash flows of the business here, and the purchase price that we were able to get. It's quite an attractive
deal economically, but we're quite pleased with the financial terms for that reason. As you look at the
timing of when dividends were available to be extracted as an example.

In terms of deployment with the proceeds, the broad template, as David made reference to our group
disability and life divestiture is what we would expect to follow in this instance as well with the exception
of we don't have the same need for long-term debt repayment as we did with the Group Disability and
Life transaction. So we would expect the primary use to be for share repurchase. And when we indicated
in the press release that this would be neutral, slightly dilutive to our 2022 EPS outlook, that's under the
assumption that the primary use is for share repurchase.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ms. Rivka Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.

Hua Ha
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

This is Michael Ha on for Rivka. So as it relates to 2022 commercial growth, a number of your peers have
already mentioned expecting strong growth, the few concerns around member attrition, the dynamic
and emphasize share gains. I think one of your peers even mentioned '22 shaping up to be one of the
strongest national selling season in history.

So with that said, it's been a bright area but also hard to imagine that everyone winning contracts and
gaining share. So with that context, what are you guys seeing with the competitive landscape? And are
you able to grow next year when everyone else can be taking share?

David Michael Cordani
President, CEO & Director

It's David. Just a minute with backdrop relative to our performance in the commercial market and then
I'll jump right into '22. We have a very focused strategy and a long track record over the last decade
of successfully growing in the commercial marketplace as we seek to subsegment and deliver the right
solutions for our respective clients in that marketplace. And if you think about it over the last decade-ish,
we've generally grown low single-digit medical membership, we coupled that with significant and targeted
cross-selling of our new and innovative services. And then we complement that with appropriate pricing
actions. And the net of that yields higher single-digit revenue growth. So that's the big picture of our
strategic approach.

I'd also highlight with Evernorth, we are further expanding the services that we're able to bring through to
deepen relationships like our prior conversation relative to virtual care as an example.

Now specific to 2022, to be clear, we'll grow again. We will clearly grow our medical customer base again.
And specifically within the commercial market, we have good visibility in terms of having net growth in our
national accounts and large account business portfolio and we'll have another year of growth within our
Select segment. So the net of all that of any marketplace that is competitive as we are oriented around
solutions that have affordability and high engagement programs with the right funding mechanisms, we
will again have another year of net growth in the U.S. commercial portfolio, and it's something we're quite
proud of and positioned to continue on.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mr. Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Kevin Mark Fischbeck
BofA Securities, Research Division

Great. It sounds like in the quarter, you mentioned you benefited from investment income and specialty
outperformance, I guess, 2 things. So do you believe that the specialty outperformance is something that
is going to be sustainable? And then if you could just talk a little bit more about the competitive landscape
for commercial pricing for next year. Do you think that you're going to be within your target range, I guess
maybe where your target range we expect to could be in the commercial business for next year?

Brian C. Evanko
Executive VP & CFO

Kevin, it's Brian. I'll start on the first piece of your question. I think this was in the context of our U.S.
medical performance in terms of your question on specialty. So as you reflect on our third quarter
performance for that segment and again, the earnings in totality were above our expectations in the
quarter. We had 2 areas of favorability. As you called out, investment income and specialty contributions
and your specialty contributions include pharmacy, behavioral, dental, the full suite of portfolio capabilities
we have in the specialty domain that was partly offset by the 2 sources of claims pressure that I
articulated in the COVID-related pressure in commercial as well as the special enrollment period, MCRs
that were elevated in the individual exchange.

Specifically on the favorability that we recorded in the third quarter, the investment income is
nonrecurring. So you should not consider that to be something that would occur again in the fourth
quarter or into '22. We would expect the specialty contributions to persist as favorability as we head into
fourth quarter and into '22. That was a smaller component of the 2 in terms of the favorable items in the
third quarter, but that is something we would expect to continue to persist going forward.

David, maybe you'll comment on the pricing environment for commercial.

David Michael Cordani
President, CEO & Director

Kevin, relative to the pricing environment for commercial, and I'm going to maybe sneak in a little bit on
the individual marketplace here as well, but specifically, that market has continued to be a competitive
market, and it remains at, meaning the commercial marketplace, more broadly, the employer commercial
market, and with that as a backdrop into my prior answer, we will grow our commercial book of business,
and we will improve our MCR.

Our visibility has us both growing and improving our MCR within the commercial book of business. So
to do that, we'll be quite disciplined, Kevin, to be clear, and we are willing to make targeted trade-offs
for MCR or margin versus volume. And the net of that will yield net customer growth and net margin
improvement as we step into 2022.

An add-on specifically in the individual market, our visibility in the individual market is that there are
significant pockets of competitiveness in certain markets. And as such, in the individual marketplace,
we would expect for 2022 to see no growth or more likely negative growth, some shrinkage in our book
of business, but improvement in the MCR within that portfolio and that's fully contemplated in our 2022
outlook of net growth for the portfolio as well as earnings expansion.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mr. Gary Taylor with Cowen.

Gary Paul Taylor
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Just want to go back to the MCR comments, and I appreciate what you just said, David, but I just want to
think a little bit more about 2021 so far. So as we kind of look at the potential impact of special enrollment
period enrollees based on your typical attrition, it doesn't look like that's particularly material to the
increase in MCR versus 2019 baseline, which is up about 400 basis points in the 3Q, and you had a lot of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

COVID costs, but it was up almost 400 basis points in the 2Q, and you didn't have a lot of COVID costs
and you had more deferred care coming back.

So I guess the question is, is there any other substantial moving parts to how you're running versus the
2019 baseline? And then just going forward, what are your -- what do you anticipate as COVID and the
Delta variant comes down, do you feel like commercial utilization is largely caught up or we're sort of still
back in a cycle like we burn the 2Q, where you see some of the deferred care increasing?

Brian C. Evanko
Executive VP & CFO

Gary, it's Brian. So I'll try to take the various components of that question here. So if you think about
where we're running in 2021 on the MCR, maybe I'll talk in terms of the full year guide, I think that's
probably the most constructive way to pull it apart. The 84% to 84.5% refresh guidance that we issued.
If the special enrollment period lies within the individual exchange portfolio had not grown to the level
that they are and had not had the elevated MCR that they did in the quarter, we would have had an MCR
performance for the full year that was more linked at the higher end of our prior guidance range.

So toward the higher end of the 83% to 84% range, if you exclude the impact of the individual SEP
customers from the full year outlook. So just give you a little bit of dimensioning as to the materiality
there. Those customer lives have built up over the course of the year. So there were not that many in
the second quarter. There were many more in the third quarter. And the elevated MCR hit us particularly
significantly in the third quarter, and we expect that pressure to continue into the fourth quarter.

As David made reference to in a prior question, we would expect that to dissipate into 2022 as many of
those lives attrite and/or choose new carriers. As it relates to other parts of the portfolio, the commercial
business in the third quarter, we had some elevated COVID-related costs, particularly in August and
September with the Delta variant hitting younger ages more significantly than earlier in the pandemic.
So that created some elevated commercial claim cost pressure in the third quarter. I would note in our
Medicare Advantage book, the MCR in the quarter was a little bit favorable to our expectations, which
gives us greater confidence here as we head into 2022 on that subset of the overall U.S. medical book of
business. So hopefully, it gives you a little bit of a picture for how 2021 is shaping up.

In terms of your question on looking forward on commercial utilization, are we caught up, et cetera. We
have seen much less deferred care in the commercial line of business throughout the pandemic and all the
indicators that we track, whether that be preventive care utilization or whether that be rates of new cancer
diagnosis, et cetera. I would tell you that there's not a significant amount of future pent-up demand or
catch-up care to come.

With that said, our pricing posture, as David mentioned earlier, continues to be a prioritization of margin
expansion as we head into 2022.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mr. Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.

Ralph Giacobbe
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I guess I want to go back. You guys specifically called out the increased specialty contributions. And
obviously, that's always been part of the story. So hoping you can give more details there, what the
specific drivers are there? Anything to call out?

And then maybe within that, I was hoping you could talk about the stop-loss product. I would have
imagined that just given higher commercial trend that maybe more of that is being triggered and maybe
some underperformance there. But would just like to get your commentary on how that's performed and
how we should think about that for 2022 from a price -- repricing perspective?

David Michael Cordani
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Ralph, it's David. Just a couple of minutes on shaping, I'll hand it over to Brian. As you articulate, the
specialty components, so if we look at that broadly back to our strategy, our strategy has been and
continues to be how do we wrap the right suite of solutions employer by employer to help to get the
overall health and well-being offering a line in the overall affordability line.

And the historical way, one thinks about a specialty suite of a few products of behavioral, pharmacy,
dental, has expanded tremendously to 25, 30 different services when you take the subsegments of
decision support, chronic care management, specialty services, now virtual alternative services, et cetera.

So my point of underscoring, this has been, as you articulated and continues to be a really important part
of our strategy to try to get the right value to be realized for our clients or customers and our patients.
And as I noted, our Evernorth service capabilities continue to grow, which add to the portfolio of services
to be levered there. I'll ask Brian to talk a little bit more in terms of the drivers.

Brian C. Evanko
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, David. Ralph, so in terms of the specialty contributions we called out there, a couple of areas I'd
particularly point to is more material. Within our self-funded business, we had some strength in pharmacy,
in particular. And as I mentioned earlier to a prior question, we would expect that to persist as we head
into 2022.

We also saw some upside within our behavioral health offerings as demand for that has continued to grow
throughout the pandemic. We saw some increased uptake there, which drove some additional margin for
us within the quarter. And again, those are 2 areas we expect to persist as we head into the new year.

Relative to stop-loss, obviously, you've got to pull this one apart further because you got individual stop-
loss cover as well as aggregate stop-loss cover and the dynamics there behaved a little bit differently
throughout the pandemic, meaning most COVID-related claims didn't actually hit our individual stop-loss
thresholds yet. We saw a little bit of pressure earlier in the pandemic on our aggregate stop-loss business.
That business gets repriced along with our typical 12-month contract cycles for all the clients that we
have. So we feel good about how we're positioned there on a prospective basis.

I'd also note, we're seeing good demand for that product. You probably saw in the supplement there. We
had 7% premium growth in our stop-loss line in the quarter-over-quarter. So feeling good about all the
specialty solutions when you look at the total portfolio.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mr. Josh Raskin with Nephron Research.

Joshua Richard Raskin
Nephron Research LLC

So the MLR, I know you guys only disclosed one sort of big MLR for the U.S. Medical segment. So I was
wondering if you could break out or give a little bit more color, even if it's just directional on the MLRs for
sort of commercial and then government and maybe even within government, how much was from the IFP
versus Medicare Advantage?

And then just a quick follow-up on stop-loss, what are the attachment points at the individual claim level
typically. I know there's a range of those, but kind of maybe what's the most common threshold that an
individual as to hit?

Brian C. Evanko
Executive VP & CFO

Josh, I'll try to be too redundant with some of my prior comments, but just to kind of summarize a few of
the important points here as you pull apart the MLR. For the full year, as I mentioned earlier, the refresh
84% to 84.5% outlook reflects particular pressure from the individual exchange lives and specifically the
special enrollment period in enrollees. So removing that, we would have been toward the higher end of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

our prior guide of 83% to 84%, but a sub-bullet there is the individual open enrollment lives are actually
performing pretty well. So when we look at the profitability of the overall individual portfolio, we have
good performance on the standard open enrollment lives. We have more performance on the special
enrollment period lives and the total picture there is therefore a bit elevated.

Medicare Advantage, as I made reference to, actually ran a little bit favorable to our expectations in the
third quarter. and then commercial was a touch higher than our projections due to the effect of the delta
variant in the months of August and September, in particular. So those are the broad buckets that I paint
for you as you think about what's inside the medical care ratio.

Relative to stop-loss, we do have a range of attachment points depending on the clients. So we tend to
see particular popularity around $50,000, $75,000 level, but it really depends on the risk appetite for a
given client. So it's hard to say that there's one that's always the preferred choice. We have a distribution
and the distribution evolves depending on the appetite for clients at any given point in time.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mr. Kevin Caliendo with UBS.

James Ross Kurek
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

This is James Kurek on for Kevin. Just maybe with the sale of Chubb, you're signaling more of a focus to
core healthcare business. Are there any other segments within the company that you consider non-core
might be looking to dispose of in the future?

David Michael Cordani
President, CEO & Director

It's David. As I noted, the action we took relative to that part of our portfolio and previously, the action
we took relative to our group insurance business we deem to be a good fiduciary management of the
portfolio and looking at the strategy as a guide to our actions. Headline is that I would not signal anything
of materiality that sits on the horizon. I would reinforce it's a dynamic process, our responsibility is
to dynamically manage that, but I would not signal anything on the horizon. And quite proud of the
organization and pleased with the successful execution now of both transactions, one, completed; second,
under regulatory review right now.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mr. Steven Valiquette with Barclays.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So just a question that maybe ties a lot of the other discussion points together. For the preliminary view
of '22, I know it's kind of early, but just thinking about the framework of '22 relative to some of your long-
term targets that you laid out at the analyst meeting I'm curious, I mean, so for U.S. Medical, you just
talked about growth next year, but the long-term guidance range is 8% to 11% earnings growth in that
segment, 4% to 6% for Evernorth and the rest from capital deployment.

But should we think about -- is that still the usable framework going into '22? Or should we think about
maybe less operational growth and maybe more from capital deployment? Just any additional thoughts
around those components might help, knowing that it's preliminary right now.

David Michael Cordani
President, CEO & Director

It's David. The big picture as you look at 2022, I made a brief reference to this previously, but -- our view
of the earnings visibility and the growth visibility relative to 2022, essentially, if you take the at least 10%,
we underscore that with capital contribution for EPS growth in line with our strategic target, which is 4%

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

to 5%. So then if you back away from that, that leaves you 5 to 6 fundamental organic earnings growth
contribution to get to the at least 10% number.

And we think that's an appropriate and prudent and attractive outlook given the fluid and dynamism of the
marketplace. So broadly speaking, both components are in line with our long-term strategic objectives.
And we have a track record, including 2021, which is a disruptive year of delivering in line with that. So
good fundamentals, a little more than 50% of it being organic, a little less than 50% of it being capital
deployment and very much in line with our long-term strategic targets.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mr. Matthew Borsch with BMO Capital Markets.

Matthew Richard Borsch
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Just wanted to ask what you're seeing in terms of customer preferences and actions in the middle market,
particular, the degree of interest in alternate ASO type funding for the products versus what you've seen
over the last few years?

And then maybe in the stop-loss market that's associated with that. Am I correct that some of the other
carriers may be correcting for what was perhaps overly aggressive pricing in earlier years, which is maybe
giving you a little bit of a tailwind there on your own growth?

David Michael Cordani
President, CEO & Director

Matthew, it's David. So you referenced middle market. I don't think there's a singular common definition
of middle market. So let me try to frame your important comment. First, as you look at our go-to-market
offerings, we have a broad suite of funding alternatives and we seek to offer to our clients their respective
decision of how they want to finance their purchase, after the benefits are configured, after the access
profile is configured, after the clinical programs are configured and the service models are configured to
align, as Brian referenced before, the risk transfer and the balance relative to them.

So having that broad suite is really important. If we look at the select segment, 100 to 500 life clients,
it varies from year-to-year in terms of how much of the client demand is guaranteed costs versus self-
funded with stop-loss, but self-funded with stop-loss has been a meaningful portion. And as you walk from
that into the heart of what I might consider middle market, the further you walk up in average size on
average, more demand for self-funded, less demand for risk transfer and in the -- in between range, some
for shared returns of fundamentals that exist.

So a little bit of linearity as you just go up in respective size from that standpoint. But the important
part is choice that we offer in the marketplace and try to separate the financing decision from the
design features from the program. I would say to the last part of your question, I do not believe that
there's a boomerang or a reconfiguration effect that's happened that we benefited from, from a stop-
loss standpoint. We've seen just consistency in how we use stop-loss. And I'd remind you from prior
conversations, we have a large book. We have a dedicated team that manages that book because there
needs to be specialization in that like many other aspects of our business. And it's both performed for
clients, importantly, giving them the peace of mind and revenue predictability and expense predictability
they need as well as for us over a long period of time. But I would not call out anything unique in terms of
ebbing and flowing that's changed our rate of growth and stop-loss over the recent past.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mr. George Hill with Deutsche Bank.

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

David and Brian, just a couple of bean counting ones and a quick question. David, I just want to make
sure that 2035 or whatever the numbers post Q4 is the right jumping off point for the 10% or better
growth in 2022, given it sounds like you're saying all the other pushes and pulls are mute now. Can you
quantify PBM to commercial medical cross sales, the selling season? I'll pause right there.

David Michael Cordani
President, CEO & Director

So George, 2 questions I heard. Question one, yes. The at least $20.35 which is our raised EPS is the
appropriate jump off to attach to at least 10% growth, we're pleased to have that underlying strength and
that clarity of message.

The second question, I think you're asking relative to PBM commercial cross-sell penetration, et cetera,
respective growth, I don't have an individual number for you. We have not historically walked through
individual numbers there. I'd ask you to step back and remember our strategy here. We have a high
cross-sell and high integrated offering within our medical business. As you think within the prior question
that Matthew asked, as you go to our Select segment, think about that as 100% integrated. It is so
integral to our offering.

And as you move upmarket, it's more of a stand-alone sale that needs to be made. We see continued
progress there, and we're pleased to either have it as an integrated part of our medical offering or a
stand-alone PBM offering that we could harness and sell additional services because at the end of the day,
as I called out in my prepared remarks, there are 2 fundamental ways in which a client or a customer
establishes their primary health and well-being relationship, either a pharmacy relationship or largely off
of a medical relationship and we're positioned to lever both.

So I would leave you with a directional answer on the PBM commercial. Brian referenced PBM strength or
pharma strength in our commercial portfolio. That's a net positive, and we continue to see traction both on
stand-alone pharmacy as well as integrated pharmacy within our business.

Operator

Our next question comes from Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo.

Stephen C. Baxter
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just wanted to come back to the individual market commentary you made. I appreciate that you're
pricing, I guess, conservatively in a fairly competitive backdrop. How much of the way back towards your
target margins? Do you think that's going to get you in 2022? And then how should we think about growth
beyond 2022, as you previously have talked about doubling this market through 2025?

David Michael Cordani
President, CEO & Director

Stephen, we were seeking to be quite clear in terms of there's -- our view, indisputably, there are some
pockets of intense competitive pricing in the IFP marketplace or the individual exchange marketplace
as it's broadly articulated. Given the breadth of our portfolio, we're going to be able to achieve both our
aggregate growth as well as our earnings objectives while maintaining price discipline in temporarily
dislocated markets, and we deem that to be one.

So we expect to see a net flat or decrement in our volumes in the individual exchange business and a
margin improvement. I'm not going to give you a margin number. We're not guiding in detail for 2022
yet, and we typically don't guide relative to individual margins. Having said that, we expect to improve
that margin from 2021 to 2022 to a more attractive and more sustainable level, and we'll maintain the
discipline there.

As it relates to intermediate to long term, we continue to see this as a growth market. But as we've
managed it and as we demonstrated over time, if there are temporary dislocations, we'll maintain
discipline, and we'll lever other parts of the business to ensure the portfolio delivers. And as I noted in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

my prepared remarks, we've entered 3 more states and almost 100 additional counties to give us access
to an addressable market of approximately 1.5 million additional customers to sell to. And we've been in
this marketplace since its inception in 2014. And we have a track record of sustained performance, albeit
episodically needing to sharpen focus as we will in 2022, given the market conditions.

Operator

Our next question comes from Dave Windley with Jefferies.

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

David, I'm interested in your views, albeit early on this Build Back Better bill that appears to be moving
toward a vote. And maybe specifically, what you think the impact of government negotiation on a top 10
or 20 drugs beyond their exclusivity would have on your PBM business?

David Michael Cordani
President, CEO & Director

So clearly, a lot of fluidity right now on the health, and we've operated for a long period of time in an
environment we'll continue to that has an active both legislative and regulatory agenda. So we understand
that fully.

Big picture, stepping back, any initiatives that are constructive and sustainable that improve affordability
and value for individuals, we're actively open to engaged in and generally supportive of. Specifically in the
pharmacy space where you double-click down on, we think the most meaningful way that's sustainable
policy change that could further affordability is to stimulate and further accelerate more competition. And
if I harken back as an example, to make it tangible, hepatitis C was, I think, a very positive example that
reinforces that. That is the marketplace rapidly move from 1 to 2 suppliers for hepatitis C services, which
was a breakthrough drug that society benefits from the overall affordability change dramatically. That's an
action that is different than who's negotiating or it's very different than putting an artificial cap on a rate
of growth from that standpoint.

So big picture. We will await the specific details, and we will remain actively engaged, no doubt. We
believe the most sustainable way to further improve affordability is to expand choice and expand
competition. That's what's worked in the marketplace in the model. And lastly, prior conversations, we've
had our well-performing and broad portfolio of pharmacy services and tools is well positioned to be able
to deliver value in a changing environment, and we're confident and the capabilities we have over the
strategic horizon here.

Operator

Our last question comes from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein.

Lance Arthur Wilkes
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Yes. Can you just give a little more color on Evernorth pharmacy? And what I was particularly interested in
is, from a vaccine standpoint in the quarter, how much of that impact volumes and margin. And then are
you seeing much impact to margin from specialty pharmacy going generic, whether that's the beginning or
your outlook for that?

Brian C. Evanko
Executive VP & CFO

Lance, it's Brian. So within the third quarter in Evernorth, we fulfilled about 4 million COVID vaccine
prescriptions. So kind of put that into context, that's about 1% of our total script volume. And year-to-
date, we're up to about $16 million across the 3 quarters here in 2021. So again, roughly about 1% of
total script volumes for Evernorth, but not a material contribution from an income standpoint. And if that
number goes up or down next year, it won't materially move the needle for the Evernorth segment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

More broadly, on the second part of your question, as we think about specialty generics and you can even
broaden that to include biosimilars. We're really excited about those for the future from the standpoint of
driving affordability on behalf of our clients and customers.

We think competition is a good thing. And ultimately, specialty generics, while the timing with which
they're introduced is hard to predict and does create some variability in our quarterly income patterns,
ultimately, we view that as a great thing for our clients, customers and ultimately, for our business.
And fortunately, we have a wide range of earnings levers that allow us to capture value in a variety of
ways depending on how different client contracts are constructed. So we're really excited about specialty
generics and biosimilars going forward.

Operator

I will now turn the call back over to David Cordani for closing remarks.

David Michael Cordani
President, CEO & Director

Just to briefly wrap up our call. I do want to underscore how proud and appreciative I am of our more than
70,000 coworkers around the globe who continue to be dedicated to the many stakeholders we serve.
Our team is working to support our patients, our clients, our customers, our partners in this very fluid and
ongoing challenging environment. And the team has continued to step up time and time again to make
sure we're providing the level of support, again, for our clients or customers or patients as well as our
communities.

And through it all as an enterprise, we remain focused on executing our strategy, guided by our framework
of delivering value every day, partnering and innovating to expand and then expanding our addressable
markets to broaden our reach. So we thank you for your engagement today. We look forward to providing
future updates on our success going forward and ask you to enjoy the rest of your day. Thanks.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes Cigna's third quarter 2021 results review. Cigna Investor Relations
will be available to respond to additional questions shortly. [Operator Instructions]
Thank you for participating. We will now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CIGNA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

