Cincinnati Financial Corporation 

NasdaqGS:CINF
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 29, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.98

1.79

Revenue  (mm)

1716.07

2295.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-29-2021 10:34 AM GMT

82.65

33.74

0.98

4.90

4.76

1733.75

7428.20

7327.60

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.39

1.20

1.10

0.98

0.39

1.61

1.37

1.79

0.00 %

34.17 %

24.55 %

82.65 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
CINCINNATI FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dennis E. McDaniel
VP & Investor Relations Officer

Michael James Sewell
CFO, Principal Accounting Officer,
Senior VP & Treasurer

Stephen Michael Spray
Senior VP, Chief Insurance Officer
& Director

Steven Justus Johnston
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Dong Yoon Han
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Mark Alan Dwelle
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CINCINNATI FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and thank you for standing by, and welcome to the second quarter 2021 earnings conference
call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Dennis McDaniel, Investor
Relations Officer. Please go ahead.

Dennis E. McDaniel
VP & Investor Relations Officer

Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter
2021 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our
supplemental financial package, including our quarter end investment portfolio. To find copies of any
of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the
information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left.

On this call, you'll first hear from Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Johnston; and
then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on
the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us,
including Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Insurance Officer,
Steve Spray; Chief Claims Officer, Marc Schambow; Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance, Theresa
Hoffer.

First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-
looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties,
we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation
of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in
accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore, is not reconciled to GAAP.

Now I'll turn over the call to Steve.

Steven Justus Johnston
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Dennis, and good morning, and thank all of you for joining us today to hear more about our
second quarter results. We had another quarter of strong operating performance as we remain focused on
steady progress towards profitably growing our insurance business over time. Financial results benefited
from several areas, including excellent investment management and ongoing efforts to continually improve
insurance operations.

Net income for the second quarter of 2021 decreased by $206 million compared with the second quarter
of last year, primarily due to $439 million less benefit on an after-tax basis in the fair value of securities
held in our equity portfolio. Equity portfolio fair value changes caused significant earnings volatility for
several quarters since early 2020. And net income for the first 6 months of 2021 increased by $1.6 billion
from a year ago.

Non-GAAP operating income was up $221 million or 311% for the quarter, with lower catastrophe losses
on an after-tax basis, contributing $136 million of the increase. Our 85.5% property casualty combined
ratio was 17.6 percentage points better than a year ago, with decreased catastrophe losses in the second
quarter representing 12.6 points of the improvement.

The current accident year combined ratio before catastrophe loss effects also continued to improve and
was 2.0 percentage points better than last year for the second quarter and 3.5 points better on a 6-month
basis. Our underwriters emphasize segmentation of risks, working to retain more profitable accounts

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CINCINNATI FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

and obtaining better pricing on business that we identify as less profitable. At the same time, we are
diversifying risks by product line and geography while excellent service from our claims operation also
helps grow our business.

Premiums grew at an impressive rate for the second quarter in a row, reflecting expertise and focus by our
associates and great production by the premier independent agents who represent Cincinnati Insurance.

Consolidated property casualty net written premiums rose 10% in the second quarter of 2021. We
continue to believe we are growing profitably by combining data and judgment as we underwrite and price
business. We also recognize the importance of remaining disciplined and walking away from opportunities
when we determine pricing is inadequate.

Renewal pricing during the second quarter continued to be ahead of our estimate for prospective loss cost
trends for each property casualty segment. Our commercial and personal lines insurance segments, again
experienced mid-single-digit percentage range estimated average price increases, while the excess and
surplus lines insurance segment continued in the high single-digit range.

Each insurance segment grew its business and produced improved profit compared with the second
quarter a year ago. Our commercial lines segment had superb results with its 84.2% combined ratio
improving by 14.9 percentage points compared with the second quarter a year ago and growing net
written premiums by 8%.

For our personal lines segment, second quarter net written premiums grew 4%, continuing to benefit from
planned expansion of high net worth business produced by our agencies. Its combined ratio of 92.7% also
improved significantly, down 19.6 percentage points from the second quarter a year ago.

Our excess and surplus line segment produced a combined ratio below 90%, while also growing net
written premiums by an impressive 26% and posting favorable reserve development on prior accident
years for the third time in the past 4 quarters.

Cincinnati Re continued its strong, diversified and profitable growth as net written premiums grew 62% in
the second quarter, with an excellent combined ratio of nearly 80%. Its seasoned, talented team, is taking
advantage of firmer reinsurance pricing, while at the same time, maintaining underwriting discipline as
they typically decline 3 out of 4 opportunities to write new reinsurance contracts among hundreds that
they are routinely submitted in a quarter.

Cincinnati Global again produced a fine underwriting profit with an exceptional loss and loss expense ratio
as favorable reserve development on prior accident year catastrophes offset most of its other losses. Its
net written premiums decreased a little as underwriters have been reducing catastrophe loss risk while
growing some newer lines of business.

Our life insurance subsidiary had another good quarter, reporting second quarter net income up 17% from
a year ago and growing life insurance earned premiums by 2%.

I'll conclude with the value-creation ratio, our primary measure of long-term financial performance. Strong
operating results and favorable securities markets produced an excellent VCR at 7.3% for the second
quarter and 11.6% for the first half of the year. The contribution from operations measured as net income
before investment gains was 4.8% for the first 6 months of 2021, up 2.7 percentage points from a year
ago.

Now our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will comment on a few other important areas of our financial
performance.

Michael James Sewell
CFO, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior VP & Treasurer

Thank you, Steve, and thanks for all of you joining us today. Our investment portfolio continued to
perform very well during the second quarter of 2021, including investment income growth of 5%. Dividend
income was up 13% for the second quarter compared with the same quarter a year ago.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CINCINNATI FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

For the first half of the year, net purchases for the equity portfolio totaled $42 million. Interest income
from our bond portfolio grew 3% and the pretax average yield was 4.02%, down 9 basis points from the
second quarter a year ago. The yield on a 6-month basis matched last year's first half.

The average pretax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax-exempt bonds during the second
quarter of 2021 was 3.33%. Investing in the fixed maturity portfolio continues to be a priority, with net
purchases during the first 6 months of the year totaling $465 million. Investment portfolio valuation
changes for the second quarter of 2021 were favorable for both our stock portfolio and our bond portfolio.
The overall net gain was $652 million before tax effects, including $489 million for our equity portfolio and
$141 million for our bond portfolio.

At the end of the second quarter, total investment portfolio net appreciated value was approximately $6.9
billion, including $5.9 billion in our equity portfolio. We had another quarter of strong cash flow, again,
contributing to investment income. Cash flow from operating activities for the first 6 months of 2021
generated $917 million, up 49% from a year ago. Expense management is always an important matter as
we work to achieve a good balance between strategic business investments and expense controls.

The second quarter of 2021 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was 0.6 percentage points
lower than last year's second quarter which included a stay-at-home policyholder credit for personal auto
policies and higher credit losses due to uncollectible premiums. The second quarter ratio was higher than
the first quarter of this year, largely due to higher accruals related to profit sharing in the second quarter
and lower expenses in the first quarter that benefited from less business travel.

Next, I'll highlight a few items regarding loss reserves and reinsurance. Our approach to reserving remains
consistent and aims for net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and
loss expense reserves. During the second quarter of 2021, we experienced $119 million of property
casualty net favorable development on prior accident years. The combined ratio effect was 7.8% for the
quarter.

As we do each quarter, we consider new information such as paid losses and estimate ultimate losses
and loss expenses by accident year and line of business. Based on our study of new data during the year,
we update estimates as needed. Together, our workers' compensation and commercial casualty lines of
business represent about half of our $7 billion quarter-end total gross property casualty loss and loss
expense reserves and they had the largest amounts of second quarter favorable net reserve development.

Workers' compensation has the longest tail as claims can remain open for many years. While the amount
of reserve release for any given accident year was relatively small, the aggregate amount was $27 million.
Commercial casualty paid loss development by accident year over time is an important factor in estimating
ultimate losses. Calendar year basis data is not as useful. For example, while the second quarter 2021
paid loss total for commercial casualty was higher than a year ago, for the first 6 months of 2021, it was
15% less than what we saw prior to the pandemic in the first half of 2019 despite earned premiums that
were 13% higher in 2021.

Net favorable reserve development during the second quarter was concentrated in the 4 most recent
accident years, including a little more than 2/3 for accident years 2017 through 2019. On an all-lines basis
by accident year, net reserve development for the first half of the year was favorable by $170 million for
2020, $26 million for 2019, $15 million for 2018 and $18 million in aggregate for accident years prior to
2018. Nearly 80% of the 2020 amount was for property or auto lines of business, which have a much
shorter tail than workers' compensation or commercial casualty.

Regarding reinsurance, we disclosed in our 10-Q that we nonrenewed our combined property catastrophe
occurrence excess of loss treaty that provided up to $50 million of coverage for business written on a
direct basis and by Cincinnati Re. And we restructured the reinsurance program in place for Cincinnati Re
only that provides property catastrophe excess of loss coverage now with a total available aggregate limit
of $48 million.

Another reinsurance detail we disclosed pertain to cyber insurance that we offer as an affirmative coverage
option on various policies. Some recent industry reports indicate that on a direct written basis -- premium

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CINCINNATI FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

basis, Cincinnati insurance is among the 20 largest cyber insurers in the U.S. Premiums for those policies
are ceded to a reinsurer, therefore transferring substantially all of that risk.

I'll briefly comment on capital management. Our approach remains consistent, and we ended the quarter
with outstanding financial strength and financial flexibility.

In typical fashion, I'll wrap up my prepared remarks [Technical Difficulty] of our value-creation ratio.
Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $1.08. Life insurance operations increased book
value $0.07. Investment income other than life insurance and net of noninsurance items added $0.80. Net
investment gains and losses for the fixed income portfolio increased book value per share by $0.69.

Net investment gains and losses for the equity portfolio increased book value by $2.40. And we declared
$0.63 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $4.41 per share
during the second quarter to a record high $73.57 per share.

And now I'll turn the call back over to Steve.

Steven Justus Johnston
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Mike. It's satisfying to see the steady execution of our initiatives producing these strong results.
In June and July brought a return of business travel and a return of our headquarters associates working
together in person. It's wonderful to see so many familiar faces in the hallway and to be able to get out
from behind our desks to visit with agents and our field teams across the country. This return to a bit
of normalcy has produced an energy that you can feel across our organization, bringing with it lots of
optimism for the future of Cincinnati Financial.
As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Marc Schambow, Marty Hollenbeck and Theresa
Hoffer. Polly, please open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CINCINNATI FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Derek Han with KBW.

Dong Yoon Han
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I just had a question on the commercial growth. You've obviously had impressive commercial growth in
the second quarter of 7.6%. But just given the rapid economic normalization that you've talked about, I
would have maybe expected the premium growth to be a little higher. Was that just a function of prudent
cycle management that you've had in the past, maybe nonrenewing some of the unprofitable businesses?

Stephen Michael Spray
Senior VP, Chief Insurance Officer & Director

Derek, this is Steve Spray. Yes, I think it's a great question. Our new business for commercial lines has
continued to improve throughout the first half of this year, getting back post, I guess, pre-COVID. And it's
always a balance between the growth and the profitability. And the way our new business underwriters
in the field and our headquarters underwriters here are executing on pricing sophistication, pricing
segmentation and just balancing that with new business growth, we're pretty pleased with where we are
now and candidly feel like we've got a good runway ahead of us to continue as we get back to calling on
our agents face-to-face and taking advantage of those opportunities.

Dong Yoon Han
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Got you. That's helpful. And just on a related note, you previously guided for 6% or higher top line growth
for this year. Your first half is obviously well above the 6% mark. And the second quarter growth of
9.9% wasn't really driven by easier comps. So how should we think about the growth in the second half,
including commercial?

Steven Justus Johnston
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Derek. This is Steve Johnston. And we feel good about the growth in total, and it's coming
really from all of our segments. I would point out that Cincinnati Re represented 5 percentage points of
the 11% growth for the first half. And I think we hope that market conditions continue to be just as they
are with the reinsurance market, but there's always a chance that, that can change. I guess there's just
uncertainty, the economy could weaken. So there are things that could impact the growth, but we really
do feel good about our growth, good about our growth prospects, really confident in the business that
Cincinnati Re is bringing to us with their growth and really across every one of our operational areas.

Dong Yoon Han
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And if I can squeeze just one more question in. Within workers' comp, you had material favorable
reserve development, but the core loss ratio kind of picked up higher sequentially. Is there a driver behind
that?

Steven Justus Johnston
Chairman, President & CEO

I think with the workers' comp just there's been rate pressure. Throughout the industry, there's been a
lot of talk of it kind of maybe bottoming out and so forth. That has had an impact. And I think our team
has just done a great job with the workers' compensation in terms of pricing, underwriting, segmenting
the business. And so we feel good about our prospects and workers' compensation over the little bit longer
term.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CINCINNATI FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets.

Mark Alan Dwelle
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

A couple of questions. First, maybe looking first at personal lines. I guess it was a very good result in the
quarter. I guess I was a little bit surprised that the accident year margin, actually, it was a little bit better
in the second quarter than in the first quarter. It did obviously deteriorate against year ago, but not nearly
by as much as we've seen with a lot of other personal lines writers given all of the increased business
activity back to work, more normal driving behavior. So I was just -- I was curious to see what you were
seeing in the data that might kind of outline with that?

Stephen Michael Spray
Senior VP, Chief Insurance Officer & Director

Mark, it's Steve Spray again, and maybe Steve Johnston and I can tag team on this one. Over the last
couple of years, we've really had to take some specific -- or some underwriting and pricing action in
specific states. And I think that is showing up in the results. And at the same time, we've continued to
build out our pricing sophistication tools, segmentation and personal lines, and you can see that showing
up and improving our new business results as well. So that -- I think that -- hopefully, that gets to the
question as far as just the improved results. It's on multiple fronts and specifically taking some more
aggressive action in some specific states that have needed it. And you can also see that, that's putting
some pressure just on the net written premium growth as well.

Mark Alan Dwelle
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Within your personal lines, what percentage of the business is sort of auto related as compared to
homeowners related?

Michael James Sewell
CFO, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior VP & Treasurer

Yes. We have that here for the quarter. The personal lines written premium was $166 million -- I'm sorry,
the personal auto written premium was $166 million; homeowners, $211 million; and then the other
personal, which would be everything that goes with the inland marine and so forth of $62 million.

Mark Alan Dwelle
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Yes, so it's probably a factor as well. You've got a richer homeowners mix than many peers do. Okay.
The second question that I had really related to the commercial lines. You partly addressed it earlier, but
in thinking about the overall growth rate in the quarter for premiums, how would you -- if you had to
just generally segment between growth that was driven by exposure unit growth at your customers, just
expanded unit counts or underlying policy size versus just true price. Like is there an easy way to kind of
divide that up?

Stephen Michael Spray
Senior VP, Chief Insurance Officer & Director

Yes, I think I would say it's a little bit of all of it, Mark. This is Steve Spray again. Price is certainly making
an impact there, retention. And then we are seeing exposures in our commercial lines book returned to
almost -- they're getting close to pre-COVID exposure basis. And it really depends on I think probably for
any carrier, especially for us, just your mix as well in different segments, different industry segments are
impacted differently from COVID. Just as an example, construction and manufacturing, real estate, all held
up pretty well throughout COVID and in the first half of '21. And so we -- that we have a fair amount of
that business on our books and some other industry segments maybe didn't fare as well and would impact
us less also. So there's a lot of moving parts there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CINCINNATI FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Mark Alan Dwelle
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. I appreciate that. And then 2 other questions. One, could you just provide a kind of a general
update on some of the business interruption litigation that, I mean, this time it was the only thing we
could talk about this time a year ago. Obviously, a certain amount of time has passed and just kind of an
update on what you continue to see and what proportion of the reserves that are set up a year ago might
still remain in IBNR?

Steven Justus Johnston
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. I'll take that one, Mark. And I think it's fair to say that our BI litigation continues to progress pretty
well. During the quarter, we received the first appellate court decision that considered our policy language
and it confirmed that there was no coverage. And the overwhelming majority of trial courts from across
the country continue to apply the policy language as we had anticipated. We've said before that we believe
our policy language requires direct physical loss or damage to property to trigger coverage is clear and
that the virus does not cause direct physical loss or damage to property. So we think that the BI litigation
continues to progress pretty well. In terms of the amounts, they have been relatively consistent with really
no material changes during the quarter.

Mark Alan Dwelle
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. And then just one last question. Within -- and this is just kind of getting used to these new business
units. Within Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global, are either of those businesses likely to have exposure to
some of the flooding that has been occurring in Europe recently?

Steven Justus Johnston
Chairman, President & CEO

We've been keeping a close eye on that, and we don't think that there's a material exposure there. It's still
early. From everything we can tell to this point, no material damage there.

Operator

And at this time, there are no further audio questions. We'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Steve
Johnston for closing remarks.

Steven Justus Johnston
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Polly. And thanks for all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you
again on our third quarter call. Have a great day.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CINCINNATI FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

