Cintas Corporation NasdaqGS:CTAS
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, March 19, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.02

2.16

Revenue  (mm)

1802.57

1810.65

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Mar-18-2020 4:52 AM GMT

6.93

0.45

2.16

8.79

9.64

1869.06

7323.60

7738.28

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.93

2.15

2.04

2.02

2.07

2.32

2.27

2.16

7.25 %

7.91 %

11.27 %

6.93 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

7

2

 
CINTAS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

J. Michael Hansen
CFO & Executive VP

Paul F. Adler
VP & Treasurer

ANALYSTS

Andrew Charles Steinerman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Andrew John Wittmann
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Seth Robert Weber
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Timothy Michael Mulrooney
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CINTAS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Cintas Quarterly Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's call is
being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Mike Hansen, Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer. Sir, please begin.

J. Michael Hansen
CFO & Executive VP

Thank you, and good evening, and thanks for joining us tonight. With me is Paul Adler, Cintas' Vice
President and Treasurer. We will discuss our third quarter results for fiscal 2020.

The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor from civil litigation for forward-
looking statements. This conference call contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company's
current views as to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject
to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those we may discuss.
I refer you to the discussion on these points contained in our most recent filings with the SEC.

Before discussing the financials, I want to say that our thoughts go out to all of those impacted by the
COVID-19 coronavirus. This is a challenging time for all of us, and we can't thank enough our partners
-- our employees, whom we call partners, for doing all that they can to keep our customers' places of
business clean, safe and Ready for the Workday. We currently find ourselves at the peak of uncertainty
as it relates to the pandemic's impact on the economy. The response of our country in each state evolves
daily. A week ago, we hadn't seen much impact to our business, and we were expecting today to increase
revenue and EPS guidance based on our year-to-date results and fourth quarter outlook. However, much
has changed in a matter of days and more changes are likely to come. Due to this uncertainty, including
the severity and duration of the pandemic, we are not providing guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal
2020 at this time. We certainly remain focused, though, on the safety and well-being of our employee
partners and the care of our customers.

So let's move to providing our third quarter results, and then we will open it up for questions. Our fiscal
2020 third quarter revenue was $1.81 billion, an increase of 7.6% over last year's third quarter. Earnings
per diluted share, or EPS, from continuing operations were $2.16, an increase of 17.4% over last year's
third quarter, adjusted for G&K integration expenses. Free cash flow for this year's third quarter was $300
million, an increase of 17.2%.

The organic growth rate, which adjusts for the impacts of acquisitions, foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations and differences in the number of workdays was 5.7% for the third quarter of fiscal '20. The
organic growth rate for the Uniform Rental and Facility Services operating segment was 4.8%, and the
organic growth rate for the First Aid and Safety Services operating segment was 12.5%.

Gross margin for the third quarter of fiscal '20 of $824.4 million increased 9.2%. Gross margin as a
percentage of revenue was 45.5% for the third quarter of fiscal '20 compared to 44.9% in the third
quarter of fiscal '19.

Operating income for the third quarter of fiscal '20 of $314.7 million increased 13.1%. Operating margin
was 17.4% in the third quarter of fiscal '20 compared to 16.5% in fiscal '19.

Net income from continuing operations for the third quarter of fiscal '20 was $234.5 million, and our
reported earnings per diluted share were $2.16. Excluding the G&K acquisition integration expenses in
fiscal '19, EPS increased 17.4%.

In addition to the solid financial performance, we continue to generate strong cash flow and commit to
effectively deploying cash to increase shareholder value. Third quarter free cash flow was $300 million, an
increase of 17.2% compared to last year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CINTAS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

In the third quarter of fiscal '20, we paid an annual dividend totaling $268 million. The dividend of $2.55
per share was an increase of 24.4% over last year's annual dividend. In addition to the annual dividend,
we purchased $393.1 million of Cintas stock in fiscal '20 to date, including $200 million in March. The
amount remaining under our buyback authorization is $1.1 billion.

We ended our third quarter with fiscal year-to-date revenue growth of 7.2% and an organic growth rate of
7.1%. Operating income, excluding last year's G&K integration expenses, increased 14.7%. EPS adjusted
for last year's special items increased 22.2%. And finally, free cash flow for the third quarter year-to-date
increased 61%. Our employee partners have really done a great job this year.

With that, I will turn the call over to Paul for additional details for our third quarter results.

Paul F. Adler
VP & Treasurer

Thanks, Mike. We have 2 reportable operating segments, Uniform Rental and Facility Services and First
Aid and Safety Services. The remainder of our business is included in All Other. All Other consists of Fire
Protection Services and our Uniform Direct Sales business. First Aid and Safety Services and All Other are
combined and presented as other services on the income statement.

Uniform Rental and Facility Services operating segment includes the rental and servicing of uniforms, mats
and towels and the provision of restroom supplies and other facility products and services. The segment
also includes the sale of items from our catalogs to our customers on route. Uniform Rental and Facility
Services revenue was $1.45 billion, an increase of 6.6%. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, foreign
currency exchange rate changes and the difference in number of workdays, the organic growth rate was
4.8%. Our Uniform Rental and Facility Services segment gross margin was 45.8% for the third quarter
compared to 44.9% in last year's third quarter, an improvement of 90 basis points. Gross margins have
strengthened for many reasons, including strong revenue growth and realization of cost synergies from
the acquisition of G&K.

Our First Aid and Safety Services operating segment includes revenue from the sale and servicing of
first aid products, safety products and training. This segment's revenue for the third quarter was $170.5
million. The organic growth rate for this segment was 12.5%. The First Aid segment gross margin was
48.0% in the third quarter compared to 48.2% in last year's third quarter. The difference in gross margin
was due to revenue mix in the quarter, which consists of service, product sales and training. The strong
organic revenue growth benefited from more safety and personal protective equipment product sales,
which generally have lower margins than the other revenue categories.

Our Fire Protection Services and Uniform Direct Sales businesses are reported in the All Other category.
Our Fire business continues to grow each year at a strong pace. The Uniform Direct Sales business growth
rates are generally low single digits and are subject to volatility, such as when we install a multimillion
dollar account. Uniform Direct Sales, however, is a key business for us, and its customers have often
significant opportunities to cross-sell and provide products and services from our other business units.

All Other revenue was $192.1 million, an increase of 9.9%. The organic growth rate was 7.1%. The
Fire business organic growth rate was 4.1%. Fire revenue was weighed down by the loss of a struggling
national account in the retail sector that recently disclosed the closing of over 100 stores by mild winter
weather that resulted in less sprinkler repair service revenue from freezing and bursting water pipes and
by a decline in sales rep productivity through the Christmas and New Year's holidays. Uniform Direct Sales
business organic growth rate was 11.1% and benefited from additional sales from the rollout last quarter
of Carhartt-branded garments to a Fortune 100 customer. All Other gross margin was 41.3% for the third
quarter of this fiscal year compared to 42.3% last year.

Selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue were 28.2% in the third quarter of fiscal
'20 and 28.3% in the third quarter of fiscal '19. G&A labor expense as a percent of revenue improved
year-over-year. Our effective tax rate on continuing operations for the third quarter of fiscal '20 was
18.9% compared to 20.1% last year. The tax rate can move from period to period based on discrete
events, including the amount of stock compensation expense.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CINTAS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

Our cash and equivalents balance as of February 29 was $234.4 million. Of that amount, $144.7 million
was in the United States and unrestricted. Capital expenditures in the third quarter were $63.2 million.
Our CapEx by operating segment was as follows: $50.2 million in Uniform Rental and Facility Services,
$10.1 million in First Aid and Safety and $2.9 million in All Other. Year-to-date, free cash flow was $745.2
million, an increase of 61% compared to the prior year period. Free cash flow increased because of strong
earnings growth and improvements in working capital, particularly accounts receivable, inventories,
uniforms and other rental items in service and accounts payable.

As of February 29, our balance sheet remains strong. Our leverage was 1.7x debt to EBITDA. We have
an untapped credit facility of $1 billion. No debt maturities in the next 12 months and no material debt
maturities in the next 2 years.
That concludes our prepared remarks. We are happy to answer your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CINTAS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And first, we have Manav Patnaik with Barclays Capital.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just maybe in light of all the stuff going on, perhaps you could help us with a little bit more detail in terms
of where your exposures lie, whether that's restaurants, lodging and so forth, just so we at least know
magnitude of what percentage of revenues are really at risk versus those that could go like 50-50 or
whatever it is. I was hoping you could help us with a little bit more color there.

J. Michael Hansen
CFO & Executive VP

Sure, Manav. We're -- as I mentioned a bit earlier, we're really at the peak of uncertainty. We're -- as
of a week ago, we didn't really see much impact to our revenue. And so we're going about trying to get
a better understanding of that as we go through this week and into the future. But let me remind you,
we have a very diverse customer base, about 30% of our revenues from industrials, 70% from service-
providing businesses. That includes health care, retail, distribution centers, foodservice, hospitality, and all
of these are being affected in different ways. If you think about health care, for example, they really need
us now. They need our scrubs, they need our microfiber wipes. They need our cleaning chemicals. They
need our fire protection. If you think about restaurants, while some are closed, some are opened only
carryout. And we're learning, as we visit them this week, what are their needs. They may still need some
chef works, some hygiene products, first aid and safety, but we're going to -- it's going to take a little bit
of time to understand what those needs are.

Office environments, they're looking to stay clean more than ever. And so we're seeing some nice
movement there in terms of our First Aid and Safety, our personal protective equipment like gloves.
And then you think about hotels, casinos, arenas, they aren't doing very much business right now. And
so we are in the midst of better understanding the collective impact to the business, Manav. And gosh,
we're so early in that process that it's really hard to break it down because in addition to the details that
I just provided and keeping in mind, if you think about 3-digit NAICS codes, we don't have revenue of
greater than 10% in any of those 3-digit NAICS codes. But also keep in mind, as I talked about revenue
per vertical, it's quite different from geography to geography today. So if you think about some of those
different businesses that are on the coasts, they may be impacted more severely than those same kind of
businesses in the same verticals in the middle of the country. And so this is -- it's going to take a little bit
of time for us to really get clarity on the collective impact to the business, and we're just not there yet.

Operator

Next, we have a question from Andrew Wittmann with R.W. Baird.

Andrew John Wittmann
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

A question that we've gotten a lot this week is how customer closures work and how they affect you and
what the contract says when such things happen. I know there's probably different ways to treat different
categories of customers, small customers, large customers, maybe even by end market. But for those
customers that are shutting down, that we know are shutting down, how does that get treated by Cintas?
And what is the impact to your financials?

J. Michael Hansen
CFO & Executive VP

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CINTAS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

Yes, that's a -- it's a great question, Andy. And we're -- as I said, we're still working on gaining clarity
there. But as -- it's going to be all over the board, right? This is not a normal environment. In a normal
environment, we may have a business shutdown for a week, and we still may be charging the rental of
garments and other products. That's a -- holiday manufacturing shutdowns are a good example of that.
Semester breaks at school is a good example of that. What we're talking about right now is quite different.
And so we have to understand from our customers how long do they think they will be closed, and many
of them right now don't know, but for how long do we think they're going to be closed and what are the
needs of the business today versus maybe where they were a couple of weeks ago. And so it's going to
be all over the board, Andy, from small businesses to large businesses and different kinds of verticals in
different geographies and, as I said, we're working through that to gain clarity.

Operator

Our next question will come from Andrew Steinerman with JPMorgan Securities.

Andrew Charles Steinerman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Mike, let me give it a try. So my sense, I've been in this for over a decade looking at Cintas and the group,
and my sense is that the Uniform Rental business really is kind of cyclical on a delay. Like when you look
at your fiscal 2008, it was actually up. It wasn't until 2009 and 2010 fiscals did you have kind of moderate
declines about 5% organic per year for those 2 years. So my question really is, do you think that the
impact that you've experienced now will be more immediate? Or do you think it's going to be a delay like I
described last recession?

J. Michael Hansen
CFO & Executive VP

Yes, Andrew, this is not a normal recession or even like the Great Recession. And so I think there's going
to be a more immediate impact, simply because we have so many businesses that have been ordered to
close, right? We've got -- 40 states have closed their schools. I think another -- over 20 states have closed
their restaurants. That's -- I mean that's unprecedented. And it's not like our customers are going out of
business over time or even had the chance to reduce their workforce. They're kind of closing, many of
them, on the orders of municipalities. And so there's going to be a little -- there's going to be certainly a
more immediate impact. What is that impact? Look, one of the reasons that we did not provide guidance
is it's really hard to tell. We've never been through a pandemic. And in this pandemic, we're seeing things
that we really haven't seen in the 90 years of Cintas -- of running the business. And so we're -- we need
a little bit of time for clarity. As I said, we haven't seen much of an impact as of a week ago, but there's
going to be an impact coming. And that's why we did not provide guidance because it's just too hard to
tell right now.

Operator

Our next question will come from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets.

Seth Robert Weber
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I guess maybe just following up on that line of questioning. I think in 2010, your decremental margins
were sort of mid-30%. I guess, Mike, as I just kind of read between what you're saying, it seems like the
impact could be sort of more of a shock here near term. So from a decremental margin framework, should
we think about levels above kind of where you were in the last sort of time that organic growth was down?
Is that kind of what you're messaging? Can you just talk about actions?

J. Michael Hansen
CFO & Executive VP

Sure, sure. So if you think about the fixed versus variable and how can we -- how will we manage the
business, right, through this disruption. And right now, there is a fair amount of uncertainty, as I've
mentioned a number of times. And we need a little bit more clarity. And the clarity in -- as it relates to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CINTAS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

this is really around what's the depth of this, what's the breadth of this, how long will this last, what's the
severity and duration. If we start to believe that the -- that, for example, the severity is pretty high, but
we don't expect the duration to last very long, then we may not be as aggressive because we don't want
to harm the long-term opportunities and the performance of the business as we move into next fiscal year.
As we go into this, if we feel like the duration is going to be longer, then we may take different steps to
pull down some of those variable expenses. And so we're going to need a little bit of time to understand
what our best expectations are for severity and duration, and we'll manage accordingly to that.

I can tell you, as we sit here today, we are generally, and we have been for a long time, in a mode of
growing the business and adding routes and adding laundry capacity. And as we sit here today, I would --
we have not -- or at least we've slowed CapEx, for example, to only those things that are essential. And
so in other words, we're not looking to add routes right now. That will reduce CapEx. We're not looking
to expand capacities in our wash alleys, add extra -- open new processing facilities that's going to reduce
CapEx. Along those lines, that means we likely won't be hiring people to staff those new routes, to staff
the added capacity. And so those are -- there are certainly things that we can do today to say we expect
to get into a period where the growth isn't going to be what it was in the first 3 quarters. And so we can
pull back on that a little bit. And that certainly is going to help the cash flow. But as it relates to then
being more aggressive, we are -- we're here for the long term. And if we feel like this is a short-duration
disruption, we'll likely treat that a little bit differently than a longer-term duration.

Operator

Our next question will come from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Oil prices have contracted sharply in recent weeks. What are your expectations for your industrial and
manufacturing verticals? And what factors could potentially cause Cintas to perform differently during this
energy downturn compared to the prior 2014 to 2016 downturn?

J. Michael Hansen
CFO & Executive VP

Well, I think, George, if we were looking at this only in the lens of the oil and gas vertical, then I'd say
a couple of things. One, it's a smaller piece of our business than it was at the beginning of that last
downturn. And so it will -- that will not have as big of an impact on us as it did last time, and the lower
gas prices will certainly help us today. And so if we're just looking at the lens of that particular -- or maybe
a few verticals, I think we fare really well during that. And we did several years ago as well, but this is
broader. This is certainly broader than just that one lens. And so it's going to be really hard to tell exactly
how do we think we performed in that one vertical compared to what's going on in the rest of the United
States.

Operator

Our next question comes from Gary Bisbee with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

In the earlier question about cost actions, you referenced variable versus fixed, but actually didn't, unless
I missed it, give us the mix of the 2. Can you take a shot at that? And maybe just at a high level, if you
do decide that this could be longer duration, what are the kind of actions you would take? Is it just head
count? Or are there other actions you would take to reduce costs in the business?

J. Michael Hansen
CFO & Executive VP

Well, so Gary, if you think about our business, there are many variable costs in the business. The question
is are they variable to the point where we can turn them off immediately and do we want to turn them

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CINTAS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

off immediately. That's the biggest question that we're dealing with. And it's really -- I think it'd be
responsible of me to give you a percentage of just total variable costs because we have to manage the
business and we're managing it for the long term. And so I'm not -- I don't want to throw out some
variable number where you think we will cut to the bone our business.

So let me give you some examples, though. When you think about the material cost of the business, we've
got a lot of cost of disposable products like paper, soaps. We have direct sale like our catalog business.
Those are highly variable. And if we're not selling them, we don't have those costs. We also have the gas,
water and energy, the gas for our trucks, the water and energy for running the facilities. There certainly
is a variable component of that, but there's also a bit of a fixed, and it just depends on how much of that
capacity we may decide or not to pull back on. Then if you think about the laundry capacity, there are a
lot of different pieces that go into that, including labor. And then when you think about our route capacity,
we've got the cost of our drivers. And so there are a lot of variable costs.

Our goal is to make sure that our business remains strong for the long term. And so if we start to see a
longer duration, then there are certainly some things that we will do like pull back even a little harder on
capital expenditures and other growth pieces of what we do. We may do some things through attrition.
And we'll have to ensure we understand the capacity utilization and knowing that we want to manage to
that. If you go back to '09 and '10, we did close facilities, but that was a little bit different in that it was a
longer period of a recession. This is potentially deep, but we just don't know the duration. And we do not
want to impact the business for the long-term until we really have to.

Operator

Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Mike, if you could just provide just a little more detail on your contract structure? And what I mean by
that is, if a customer goes bankrupt, clearly, you see that right away if it's a closure. But how quickly do
your contracts adjust to permanent head count changes? Just any sense as to how defensive your portfolio
is. But specifically, what's the lead lag to head count changes that may be permanent? I realize absences
don't impact your business.

J. Michael Hansen
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. We -- I mean our contracts are generally 5-year contracts, and they provide for a steady stream of
revenue. And generally, there is some minimum level of revenue that we require. But Hamzah, we're in a
little bit of a different time today. And so there's going to be a customer-by-customer conversation about
what makes sense, and that's going to take a little bit of time to get through. This is -- again, this is not
a normal kind of ramping down -- a trending down of the business. This is kind of an abrupt closure of a
lot of different customers. But let's remember something else about our business. As I mentioned a little
bit earlier, there are a number of -- there are many businesses that really need our products and services.
And I don't want that to be lost. There have been a couple municipalities and areas within the country,
particularly on the coasts, and we have been identified as an essential provider. And so even though other
businesses may be shutting down, we are operating because our customers need us. And we're going to
-- over the course of the next few weeks, we're going to understand that collective impact. But let's keep
in mind that while some of our customers are going to be impacted negatively, there are others that really
need us. We're seeing an increase in what they need, and we're going to do everything we can to take
care of them. So it's a mix, and we're going to -- it's going to take a little bit of time to understand that
and give some clarity.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.

Timothy Michael Mulrooney

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CINTAS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

I understand the slowdown is very different, Mike. But if you go back to the last recession, I can't
remember if you broke this out or not, but how did customer retention look through that period? I'm
trying to figure out how much of that mid-single-digit organic decline in '09 and '10 was due to a
deterioration in retention rates versus the new customer sales or pricing, for example?

J. Michael Hansen
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. The retention was not negatively impacted that much. It was more about customers reducing their
head count. We certainly did have more customers than normal periods go out of business. And so that
contributed to a little bit of a higher loss business number. But generally speaking, our retention was
really good then. And I think our retention -- outside of possible businesses that actually have to go out of
business, I think our retention is going to be very good here. It's going to just -- there's going to be some
period of disruption that we have to work ourselves through. I think it's -- I think we have to be careful
about comparing this to a prior recession. This is a pandemic. That's quite different, and the disruption
is going to be a little bit more abrupt and immediate. The question is how long will it last. And boy, if
we can get through this as a country in the next 60, 90 days, we look forward to getting back to normal
operations. But we got to see what that looks like first.

Operator

Next we have a question from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel, Nicolaus Investments.

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Can you talk about how many of your contracts would you say -- or percentage-wise like in First Aid and
Safety, are those primarily consumption-based contracts? Or are they contracts that are on a kind of a
recurring revenue, you charge this for about per month? Can you go into that a little bit more? And First
Aid and Safety has been a very good growth portion of the business, I was just wondering how those
contracts work.

J. Michael Hansen
CFO & Executive VP

Yes, generally, those are based on -- there are some recurring revenue streams. I would tell you the bulk
of that is consumption-based. And it's a business that's performing very, very well right now, as you can
imagine, with the need for sanitizing, personal protective equipment. That's a business that is performing
very well. It has for the whole year. And we're getting a lot of customer requests for more ways to help.
When you think about the needs of many businesses today, the cleanliness and the safety aspects have
really risen, and we've got a lot of products and services that can help in those areas. And those have
been asked for quite a bit over the course of the last couple of weeks, and I expect that those kind of
things will perform well.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kevin McVeigh with Crédit Suisse.

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Can you give us a sense of not only the client mix but what was the revenue trends the last week or so
just to get a sense of how much the business came off? And then just, as you think -- is there any way to
think about it geographically? Because it sounds like California, New York, Washington, maybe that's been
a little bit weaker than the interior. But just any thoughts on kind of trends the last week or so, and then is
there any way to kind of just frame it out with a little more context geographically?

J. Michael Hansen

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CINTAS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

CFO & Executive VP

Yes. Unfortunately, Kevin, through last week, we didn't see much disruption to the revenue. We -- in
our direct sale -- Uniform Direct Sales business, we did start to see the incoming orders start to come
down. And so that was probably the early signs. But through last week, not a lot of impact. There has
been certainly some impact on the coasts. And so for example, all of our customers in New Rochelle,
they're hard to get to, as you can imagine, with the National Guard patrolling the streets there. That's
been difficult. There are others that have been difficult on the West Coast as well. But collectively, it wasn't
that big of an impact. I expect that we will start to see some impact as we go through the rest of this
week and certainly then in next week. And that's when we're going to start to be able to get a little clarity
on what the initial response of our customers and what might their needs be as we move, too. And like I
said, there are going to be some customers where their needs have really increased. There are going to
be others who have -- who are closed and we're going to be talking about a different -- there's a different
conversation there. We need to get through all of those conversations though.

Operator

Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer & Co.

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

I guess you alluded to CapEx a few times. Just looking at it year-to-date, you're trending -- I think your
guide at the midpoint this year was the same as what you did last year, but you're trending about $17
million below per my numbers. I'm just curious if we could delve into CapEx a little bit more. And I think
you had said you'd already taken some actions with regard to what you've been seeing over the last
weeks or months. So just kind of delve in a little bit more on what you would be thinking about on a go-
forward basis as well.

J. Michael Hansen
CFO & Executive VP

Sure. When I mentioned that we've made some decisions to reduce CapEx, that's a very, very recent
type of conversation. We -- look, we are -- when we think about CapEx, we love to grow the business,
and we are -- we have been expanding the routes as necessary and expanding capacity. But we've also
-- keep in mind, we've gotten some capacity through the G&K deal, and we've gotten some efficiency
through projects within the facilities. And our routes -- the revenue per route has been growing. And so
we've become a little bit more efficient. And so we're -- we've been pretty efficient and, I'd say, prudent in
CapEx throughout the year. But having said that, going forward, we've been at a, let's call it, a $60 million
to $65 million quarterly clip. And certainly, that's going to come down probably by half. Now I don't have a
very -- I don't have a -- that's not a scientific measurement, but it's going to come down quite a bit as we
think about the fourth quarter. Beyond the fourth quarter, it's going to get back to our expectation for the
severity and duration of this.

Operator

Our last question in the queue comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I'm going to take the road less traveled and ask a question about the quarter. Could you talk about the
organic growth deceleration within the uniform rental space? It sounds like it wasn't related to coronavirus
since you hadn't really seen an impact from that yet. So I guess just what were the main drivers of the
deceleration within rental?

J. Michael Hansen
CFO & Executive VP

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CINTAS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

Yes. We've talked a little bit over the last 2 quarters about the choppiness that we had seen in industrials,
and we certainly saw that pick up a little bit in our third quarter. Now whether that has to do with China in
the early parts of the quarter, not sure, or the uncertainty around this, that's really hard to put our finger
on. But we certainly did see some choppiness in that side of the business, and that contributed to a little
bit of a deceleration there.

Pricing was a bit more aggressive in the quarter. We talked a little bit about that in our second quarter,
and that remained here in the third quarter. And the holidays, I mentioned this in the second quarter
call back in December, the holidays are tough. When you've got 2 holidays on a Wednesday, generally
speaking, our salespeople have a really hard time of setting appointments. And so you -- if you think
about a 2-week period of time, where you've got many customers, because it's on a Wednesday, taken
the whole week off or in and out, it's really hard to set appointments. And so we saw -- we did see some
impact to our sales rep productivity, Paul mentioned in Fire and also in Rental, and that was a bit of a
contributor as well. So collectively, those things were what we saw in the third quarter.

Let's set aside the pandemic. The business has been operating at a very healthy pace, and we really
like the execution of it. And while the disruption is coming, we think we're poised pretty well to manage
through that and get back on to our business once we get through this.

Operator

That concludes the question-and-answer session for today's call. And I would like to turn the call back
over to Mr. Hansen for closing remarks.

J. Michael Hansen
CFO & Executive VP

Thank you. And before ending the call, we'd like to leave you with a couple of final comments. First, I
want to say again that our thoughts remain with those impacted by the COVID-19 coronavirus as our
country works to get through this difficult situation as quickly as possible. But secondly, our business
has performed well, very well over the course of the last 10 years with strong revenue, income and EPS
growth. In fact, we've grown our sales and profits in 48 out of the last 50 years. And although we're
entering a period of disruption, we and all Cintas partners remain excited about the future opportunities
of our business and look forward to getting back to business as usual. In the meantime, we are well
positioned to enter this period of disruption with a strong cash flow, a very solid balance sheet and an
untapped $1 billion credit facility. So we feel good about our ability to manage through this and come out
the other side with a very strong business.

So thank you again for joining us tonight. We'll issue our fourth quarter financial results in July, and we
look forward to speaking with you again at that time.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference, and you may now disconnect.
Please enjoy the rest of your day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CINTAS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 19, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

