Citigroup Inc. NYSE:C
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 14, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.88

2.84

Revenue  (mm)

17181.57

17474.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-12-2021 4:25 PM GMT

51.06

1.70

1.64

8.59

8.01

16921.64

70461.40

71710.35

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.87

1.31

2.53

1.88

1.40

2.07

3.62

2.84

60.92 %

58.02 %

43.08 %

51.06 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Elizabeth Lynn
Interim Head of Investor Relations

Jane Nind Fraser
CEO & Director

Mark A.L. Mason
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Ebrahim Huseini Poonawala
BofA Securities, Research Division

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Vivek Juneja
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

James Francis Mitchell
Seaport Research Partners

John Eamon McDonald
Autonomous Research LLP

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Hello, and welcome to Citi's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Review with Chief Executive Officer, Jane
Fraser; and Chief Financial Officer, Mark Mason. Today's call will be hosted by Elizabeth Lynn, Head of Citi
Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] Also, as a reminder, this conference is being recorded today.
[Operator Instructions]

Ms. Lynn, you may begin.

Elizabeth Lynn
Interim Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us.

I'd like to remind you that today's presentation, which is available for download on our website,
citigroup.com, may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current
expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results, capital and
other financial conditions may differ materially from these statements due to a variety of factors, including
the precautionary statements referenced in our discussion today and those included in our SEC filings,
including, without limitation, the Risk Factors section of our 2020 Form 10-K.

Before we get started, I'd also like to welcome our incoming Head of IR, Jennifer Landis, who will be
joining Citi next month and hosting this call beginning in October. As I leave the seat to assume a new role
within Citi, I'd like to thank you all for your partnership and support over the past few years.

With that said, let me turn it over to Jane.

Jane Nind Fraser
CEO & Director

Thank you, Liz, and good morning to everyone. I'm delighted to join you again today. And first, I'm going
to discuss the results of my first full quarter as CEO and then update you on the progress against our
strategic priorities.

For the quarter, we reported $6.2 billion in net income or $2.85 per share. We continue to benefit from
an improving macro environment as evidenced by another significant release of our allowances for credit
losses. Indeed, the pace of the macro recovery is exceeding earlier expectations across the globe and with
it comes growing consumer and corporate confidence. And this also came through loud and clear in my
conversations with clients over the course of the week I just spent in London.

Now clearly, we have to remain mindful of the unevenness in that global recovery due to continued
contagion and challenges in vaccine distribution in several parts of the world. But we are optimistic about
the momentum ahead. And as a result, we deliberately accelerated some of our investments.

In our institutional businesses, we saw the expected normalization of fixed income trading compared to
the striking volatility of Q2 last year, and our equities franchise had a particularly strong quarter. Looking
forward, we do expect the volatile market to be higher than pre-COVID levels.

Performance in our Investment Banking franchise remained healthy, with good momentum in M&A and a
very solid pipeline ahead for the rest of the year. We saw very good progress in our strategies to increase
fee revenues, with double-digit growth in our ICG fee revenues, and specifically, over 20% year-over-year
fee growth in Treasury and Trade Solutions, in Securities Services and in the Private Bank.

Now TTS is the backbone of the unique global network we deliver for our clients. And while the business
continues to be impacted by lower rates, we particularly like how we are positioned here from a market
share perspective as the post-pandemic recovery takes shape.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

In Consumer Banking, while our loan book and revenues were impacted by the elevated payment rates in
cards, spending is well above pre-COVID levels now, with a 38% increase in global purchase sales year-
over-year. We expect this to translate into loan growth in the second half of the year. And we continue to
have good momentum in both deposit growth and AUMs across our consumer franchises.

In the U.S., as we've discussed, we're investing in our home market, as demonstrated by the well-
received launch of our innovative Custom Cash Card in June. Internationally, the picture for our consumer
businesses diverges. So while there is still the softness in the Mexican economy, in Asia, loan growth
returned, and that's despite new COVID outbreaks.

Turning to capital. For the first 2 quarters of 2021, we returned close to $7 billion to our shareholders,
which was the maximum amount permitted under the Federal Reserve's rules. Going forward, we are
committed to returning any excess capital over and above the amount necessary to invest in our franchise.

So while our stress capital buffer increased to 3% as a result of the Fed's recent stress test, that won't
impact the common equity Tier 1 target we'd be managing to of approximately 11.5%. We ended the
quarter at 11.9% on a standardized basis and have excess capital to return to our shareholders through
a healthy dividend and ongoing stock repurchase program. Lastly, our tangible book value per share
increased to $77.87, up over 9% from a year ago.

Now let's turn to 3 of our strategic priorities: strategy, transformation and talent. I'm very pleased with
the progress we've made on our strategy refresh. We have moved swiftly to begin the sales process for
the 13 consumer markets we plan to exit in Asia and EMEA. The first round of bids was very encouraging
and competitive, which isn't a surprise because these are terrific businesses for the right owners.

In those regions, we're off to a running start in our wealth strategy. We're making significant strategic
investments in product capabilities, technology and talent, and have already seen this in increased client
acquisition. We continue to do thorough and rigorous work to refresh our strategy across our consumer
and institutional businesses, guided by the 4 principles I outlined to you earlier in the year: being clinical,
being focused, and ensuring both connectivity and simplification.

Our overarching goal is to increase the returns we generate and close the gap with our peers by investing
in the franchises that will drive the most growth. The 3 most notable of which are TTS, Wealth and
Commercial Banking. And I'm very confident in the growth and return prospects these connected
franchises will afford us.

As we have done so far, we will share our decisions with you as we make them on the strategy. And we're
also looking forward to presenting our plans to you more comprehensively during an Investor Day, which
we intend to hold in the first quarter of next year. We're going to put our entire vision for the firm in front
of you so you can then hold us accountable for executing against it.

As we discussed in the call last quarter, we're also working very hard and diligently on our transformation.
This is a significant, it's also an exciting body of work. And we're working closely with our regulators to
meet their expectations, and we intend to submit our plans to them this quarter.

Now while addressing the consent orders is an intense focus of the transformation, our work here goes
well beyond the orders themselves. We've set out to modernize our bank. We want to achieve nothing
less than excellence. And this means investing in our risk and control environment, but also in the
infrastructure we need to serve our clients in an increasingly digital world.

So let me give you an example in TTS. These investments will improve the scalability of our platform.
Automation will drive efficiency and client experience, and investments in data will enhance revenues. And
the investments we're making will help position us to retain our leading position as the preeminent global
corporate bank.

And that leads me finally to talent, where we have made material progress over the last few months. I'm
delighted with the caliber of talent we have been attracting to the firm to grow our businesses and support
our transformation. We've enhanced our existing ranks with best-in-market hires in data, risk, strategy
and controls, as well as in the front lines of wealth, the commercial bank and BCMA in particular. We

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

continue to invest in a culture of excellence and our own people, providing them with new leadership and
growth opportunities. And it's this combination of new perspectives and our existing high-caliber talent
pool that will enable us to take the firm forward with excellence, urgency and accountability.

Now before I turn it over to Mark, I would like to thank Liz Lynn for her great work leading our investor
relation efforts over the past several years. And as you know, and as she mentioned, she is going to be
our finance lead for BCMA, where we all know that she is going to do a wonderful job.

With that, Mark will go through our presentation, and then we'll both be happy to take your questions.

Mark A.L. Mason
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Jane, and good morning, everyone.

Starting on Slide 3. Citigroup reported second quarter net income of $6.2 billion, EPS of $2.85 and a
15.2% RoTCE. Revenues declined 12% from the prior year, reflecting a normalization in fixed income
markets along with lower card loans in consumer as well as the impact of lower interest rates. Expenses
were up 7% year-over-year. In constant dollars, expenses were up 4%, reflecting a normalization relative
to the low print last year, along with continued investments in our transformation as well as other strategic
investments, partially offset by productivity savings.

Credit performance remained strong, with net credit losses of $1.3 billion more than offset by an ACL
release of $2.4 billion, reflecting portfolio improvements as well as the continued improvement in our
macroeconomic outlook.

In constant dollars, end-of-period loans declined 3% year-over-year, reflecting higher repayment rates
across institutional and consumer, although I would note that we are starting to see some pockets of loan
growth emerge. And for the first time in over a year, loans were up sequentially. Deposits grew modestly,
up 4% year-over-year, reflecting continued engagement with our consumer and corporate clients.

Looking at the first half of 2021, total revenues declined 9% year-over-year and 10% in constant dollars,
mainly driven by the normalization in fixed income markets and lower card balances in consumer, although
we did see strong fee revenue growth across consumer and in ICG, excluding fixed income markets. Total
expenses were up 6% on a reported basis and 3% in constant dollars midway through the year. I'll talk
more about our outlook for the remainder of the year in a moment.

Cost of credit was a benefit of roughly $3 billion, as we released over $6 billion in reserves. And we
delivered roughly $14 billion in net income and an RoTCE of 17.6%. Finally, as Jane noted earlier, we
returned roughly $7 billion in capital so far this year. And we remain committed to continuing to invest in
our franchise as well as returning any excess capital to shareholders given the flexibility provided by the
SCB framework.

Turning now to each business. Slide 4 shows the results for the Institutional Clients Group. For the quarter,
ICG delivered EBIT of $4.9 billion, up significantly from last year. Revenues decreased 14%, driven mainly
by the decline in fixed income markets. Expenses increased 4% and were up 2% in constant dollars, as
investments in transformation along with other strategic investments were mostly offset by lower incentive
compensation and efficiency savings. Credit costs were down considerably given a roughly $900 million
ACL release as well as lower net credit losses. And ICG delivered a 16.4% return on allocated capital.

Slide 5 shows revenues for the Institutional Clients Group in more detail. Product revenues were down
17% in the second quarter, primarily reflecting a comparison to a strong prior year period, particularly in
fixed income markets. However, we are continuing to see robust client engagement and strong underlying
growth in our fee businesses across the franchise, including TTS, Investment Banking, Securities Services,
Commercial Banking and the Private Bank. And excluding the markets-related component, noninterest
revenues were up 24% this quarter. And we are confident in our outlook for continued strong fee growth in
the back half of the year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Looking at the results in greater detail. On the banking side, revenues decreased 1%. In Treasury and
Trade Solutions, significant growth in fee revenues of roughly 25%, reflecting solid client engagement as
well as growth in trade, were more than offset by the impact of lower interest rates with revenues down
1%. We're continuing to see momentum across our payments business with 13% growth in cross-border
flows and 10% growth in clearing volumes over the past year as well as the early days of a recovery in
commercial cards. And as of the end of the quarter, TTS loans grew roughly 5%, reflecting increasing
client demand and improving macroeconomic conditions.

Investment Banking revenues were up 1% as higher M&A and equity underwriting revenues were largely
offset by a decline in debt underwriting. While the overall DCM while it was up in the second quarter, all
the growth was in non-investment grade, which did not benefit our results given our skew to investment
grade. But looking at results versus a more normal year, revenues were up 38% versus the second quarter
of 2019, with strong growth across all products.

Private Bank revenues grew 4%, driven by higher fees and lending volumes, reflecting momentum with
both new and existing clients, partially offset by the impact of lower interest rates. Corporate lending
revenues were down 15%, primarily driven by lower volumes. Total Markets & Securities Services
revenues decreased 30% from last year. Fixed income revenues decreased 43%, reflecting a comparison
to a strong prior year period in both rates and spread products. However, we remained engaged with
our clients, with steady growth in both corporate and investor client revenues relative to the historical
average.

Equities revenues were up 37% versus last year, primarily driven by good performance in both derivatives
and Prime Finance, reflecting robust client activity and favorable market conditions. In Securities Services,
revenues were up 9% on a reported basis and 5% in constant dollars. Here, we saw a strong growth in
fee revenues with both new and existing clients, driven by growth in assets under custody and settlement
volumes, partially offset by lower spreads.

Finally, looking at first half results in ICG, we've seen a strong contribution from Investment Banking
as well as good results in the Private Bank and Securities Services, which helped to offset the expected
normalization in fixed income markets. I would also note that equity markets revenues are up over 30%.

Turning now to the results for Global Consumer Banking in constant dollars on Slide 6. For the quarter,
GCB delivered EBIT of $2.4 billion, up significantly from last year. Revenues declined 10% as continued
strong deposit growth, albeit with lower spreads, and momentum in investment management were
more than offset by lower card balances across all 3 regions. In cards, while we are encouraged by the
continued improvement in consumer spending, with purchase sales up close to 40% versus last year and
almost 20% on versus last quarter, we are still seeing the impact of high payment rates on revenues.

Expenses increased 7%, reflecting continued investments in our transformation as well as other strategic
investments, along with an acceleration in marketing and higher volume-related costs from the low point
a year ago, partially offset by efficiency savings. Credit remains healthy. And credit costs decreased
significantly, driven by the $1.4 billion ACL reserve release and lower net credit losses. And GCB delivered
a 20.8% return on allocated capital. Finally, looking at results for the first half of the year. We've seen
steady improvement in our drivers, which gives us confidence in our outlook as we move into the back half
of the year.

Slide 7 shows the results for North America Consumer in more detail. Second quarter revenues were
down 11% from last year, primarily driven by lower cards revenues, but better than the 15% decline last
quarter on a year-over-year basis. Revenues declined in both Branded Cards and Retail Services by 12%
and 14%, respectively, reflecting continued headwinds from higher payment rates, as consumers have
continued to use liquidity from stimulus and other relief programs to pay down debt, driving lower loans
and a shift in mix towards transactor balances. This is creating pressure on our net interest revenues, but
it's also benefiting our delinquency and loss trends.

However, we are continuing to see a recovery in sales activity with purchased sales now above pre-
pandemic levels, led by discretionary spend, including travel and dining. In Branded Cards, total purchase
sales were up 40% versus last year, and importantly, up 11% versus the second quarter of 2019. And in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Retail Services, purchase sales also grew versus both second quarter 2019 and 2020. So the good news
is that we're continuing to see the recovery in spend and we're also returning to pre-COVID acquisition
levels. Looking ahead, we expect the growth in purchase sales to translate into loan growth by the end of
the year as stimulus moderates, and consumers return to more normal payment patterns.

Turning to Retail Banking. Revenues were down 7% year-over-year, reflecting pressure from lower
deposit spreads and lower mortgage revenues. That said, we are continuing to see good momentum as
we grow and deepen our retail bank relationships as well as improve the quality and stickiness of these
relationships. Average deposits were up 18%, including 24% growth in checking. And the number of
Citigold households increased by 16%, contributing to a 23% increase in AUMs.

On Slide 8, we show results for International Consumer Banking in constant dollars. Revenues declined
6% year-over-year in the second quarter, with an 11% decline in Latin America and a 3% decline
in Asia. Looking at International Consumer overall, we are seeing good momentum in investment
management, with 15% growth in assets under management, primarily driven by Asia. And the numbers
are meaningfully higher if you look specifically at the 4 international wealth hubs. Average deposit growth
remained strong at 8%, albeit at lower deposit spreads. And similar to the U.S., we saw a 26% increase in
purchase sales year-over-year. But cards loan growth remained a challenge this quarter with average card
loans down 8% due to elevated payment rates.

Slide 9 provides additional detail on Global Consumer credit trends. In the U.S., both NCL and delinquency
rates remain favorable, driven by the significant amount of customer liquidity due to stimulus and other
relief programs. Given the delinquency trends we're seeing today, we do not expect credit deterioration
in the U.S. portfolio in 2021. And the ultimate timing and level of losses as we look into next year will
depend on whether or not the stimulus results in a permanent benefit.

And as expected, credit losses and delinquency rates trended downward in both Mexico and Asia, following
a peak in the first quarter of 2021. So overall, we're seeing a rebound in activity, along with a consumer
who is in a very healthy financial position, suggesting good momentum as we move into the back half of
the year.

Slide 10 shows the results for Corporate/Other. Revenues were down slightly in dollar terms, as episodic
gains this quarter were more than offset by previously disclosed onetime items in the prior year. Expenses
were up slightly in dollar terms, mainly reflecting the impact of FX. And similar to last quarter, we have
further allocated cost to the businesses related to investments in infrastructure, risk and controls. As we
mentioned previously, this change had no impact to EBIT at the Citi level, however, we have recast prior
periods to enable better comparability of results.

Credit costs declined year-over-year, driven by our release this quarter compared to a build in the prior
year. Finally, EBIT was breakeven this quarter. Looking ahead, we would expect a quarterly pretax loss in
the range of $200 million to $300 million for the remainder of 2021.

Slide 11 shows our net interest revenue and margin trends as well as noninterest revenues on a reported
basis. We've also provided net interest revenues in constant dollars on Slide 19 in the appendix for
comparison to prior periods.

In the second quarter, net interest revenue of $10.2 billion declined $880 million year-over-year, reflecting
lower loan balances and the impact of lower rates. Sequentially, net interest revenue continued to stabilize
as the extra day in the quarter was offset by lower cards revenues. And net interest margin declined 3
basis points, driven by lower cards NIR and modest growth in the balance sheet due to deposits, partially
offset by the increase in Markets NIR in the quarter.

Turning to noninterest revenues on the bottom of the slide. In the second quarter, non-NIR declined $1.4
billion, driven by normalization in fixed income markets. However, outside of Markets, we did see strong
broad-based fee growth of over $600 million across GCB and ICG. And for the past 2 quarters, we've
seen these fee revenues return to pre-pandemic levels of roughly $4.4 billion per quarter, pointing to a
somewhat faster-than-expected recovery.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Looking at these results midway through the year, we are comfortable with our prior outlook and continue
to expect total Citi revenues to be down in the mid-single-digit range on a full year basis, although the
composition is likely to be somewhat different, which I will talk more about in a moment.

On Slide 12, we show our key capital metrics, which remain strong and stable again this quarter, allowing
us to support clients and return capital to shareholders. Our CET1 capital ratio increased to 11.9%, as
net income was mostly offset by buybacks and dividends. During the quarter, Citi returned a total of
$4.1 billion to common shareholders in the form of $1.1 billion in dividends and share repurchases of $3
billion. Our supplementary leverage ratio was 5.9%, a decline from the prior quarter, largely driven by the
expiration of a temporary SLR relief. And our tangible book value per share grew by 9% to $77.87, driven
by net income.

Before we move on to Q&A, let me spend a few minutes on our outlook for 2021. On the top line, for total
Citigroup, we still expect revenues to be down mid-single digits on a reported basis. But as I mentioned,
the composition is likely to be somewhat different than we originally anticipated. Year-to-date, we've seen
stronger-than-expected growth in noninterest revenues. And we do expect the strength in fee growth to
continue in the back half of the year, driven primarily by ICG.

Meanwhile, for net interest revenues, we expect continued stabilization in the back half, and we should
start to see some loan growth by the end of the year. So while net interest revenues are down roughly
$2.2 billion year-to-date, just outside our original outlook for the full year, assuming this base case holds,
we do not expect a significant further decline in net interest revenues from here on a full year basis. So
again, in aggregate, for total Citigroup, we still expect revenues to be down mid-single digits.

On the expense side, based on our latest work on the strategic refresh, we've made the decision to further
accelerate certain strategic investments, in part in reaction to what is shaping up to be a faster-than-
expected recovery. As a result, we now expect total Citigroup expenses to be up mid-single digits.

These are strategic investments that we are making to strengthen our franchise and drive long-term
growth. For example, we've accelerated investments where we believe there are significant opportunities
for growth, including holistically across Wealth and the Commercial Bank. We've also doubled down on
our existing strengths in businesses like TTS, Securities Services and the Investment Banking business.
Finally, given the faster recovery we are seeing today, we are accelerating investments in areas like cards
marketing to capture this upside. All of these investments will have significant benefits over time.

Meanwhile, expenses related directly to the transformation, which we had expected to drive the 2% to 3%
increase in total Citi expenses this year, are coming in largely as expected. These investments include the
work around the consent order as well as the broader work to modernize the bank, which will improve our
risk and control environment as well as allow us to better meet the needs of our customers and clients
through an improved operating environment, leading to faster decision-making, better efficiency and
improved client experience. And I'd point out that the mix of this spend is 30% technology and 70% non-
tech-related investments.

Finally, this outlook includes the realization of productivity savings as a byproduct of the investments
we've been making over the past few years. And to be clear, we will continue, as we have done in the
past, to look for ways to operate as efficiently as possible during this investment period.

And one additional note, we could also see some episodic impacts this year related to the market exits
we are pursuing. And as I've mentioned previously, we will be very transparent about the impact of these
actions on our financials. So in summary, we feel good about the investments that we are making and
firmly believe these investments will position us well to close our return gap to peers over time.

Before we get started with questions, I also want to take a moment to thank Liz Lynn for her time as the
Head of Citi Investor Relations. Liz has been with the Citi IR team since 2013 and has led the group since
2019. I know that she has built strong relationships with all of you and has been a key part of my team
since I was named CFO a little over 2 years ago. She will be moving on to be the Chief Financial Officer
for our Investment Banking business. And as Liz mentioned, Jen Landis will be joining us in August as

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

our new Head of Investor Relations. I hope you will all join me in congratulating Liz on her new role and
welcoming Jen to Citi at our next earnings call.
With that, Jane and I would be happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from John McDonald with Autonomous Research.

John Eamon McDonald
Autonomous Research LLP

Mark, thanks for the comments at the end there about the expense outlook and the revision to your
outlook for this year. Just wondering if you could just unpack that a little bit more. You're not the only
bank that's been kind of raising expense guidance.

So I was wondering how much of this might be inflationary to the cost of doing business as a big bank
here. How much is Citi specific? And does the run rate that you're expecting to be at on expenses in the
back half of this year feel like that's the run rate you'd go into next year with? Or are there things that are
elevated this year?

Mark A.L. Mason
Chief Financial Officer

John, thanks for the question. Look, I'll start by saying and repeating a little bit of what I said in my
remarks, which is that we are taking a very deliberate decision on how we manage the franchise, right?
And so what I spoke to was, Jane and I, along with the leadership team are going through a very
thoughtful strategy refresh. And as we go through that, we are identifying, particularly given the pace of
the recovery, some real strategic opportunities to invest in the franchise.

And we don't want to -- we're not going to miss this window of opportunity. You've heard me mention
that before. And it's in parts of the franchise that will undoubtedly grow and are high returning. So
when we talk about TTS, we talk about the Commercial Banking business, we talk about Wealth, those
are businesses that have strong growth prospects and have returns that are north of 20% in a normal
environment. And so like I said, we're jumping at that.

On the transformation side, I've been very clear and consistent that we expected that to drive the 3% --
2% to 3% increase year-over-year. That's coming in largely as expected. And again, the right thing to do,
an important thing to do to modernize this bank. Inflation, of course, is going to be a factor, particularly as
we look at labor and the competition for talent. But again, that's -- we deal with that on a regular basis,
and we continue to look for productivity and efficiency savings that largely tend to offset that.

In terms of 2022, I'm not going to give any guidance on that. But again, this is, I think, an important
period of time as we come out of this to ensure we're putting money to work in a smart fashion that
prepares the firm for the future.

Operator

Your next question will come from Jim Mitchell with Seaport Research.

James Francis Mitchell
Seaport Research Partners

Maybe the first question -- maybe first question on Branded Cards in North America. Average balances
were pretty flat, but there's a little pressure on spread. Can you just maybe clear that up? Is that just sort
of greater teaser rate activity? Or does that bounce back? How do we think about the revenue trajectory
there and the spread compression we saw this quarter?

Mark A.L. Mason
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Yes. So again, the dynamic on cards revenues, Branded Cards in particular, in North America, which were
down 12%, is largely driven by what we're seeing in the way of loan balances. And if you look at average
interest-earning balances, our average interest-earning balances for Branded Cards are down about 11%.

Now the good news is, as we've said, purchase sale activity is up meaningfully year-over-year and relative
to the prior quarter. But it's really those payment rates are remaining quite high, quite elevated. The
good news is that plays through in the form of a benefit as it relates to cost of credit, lower losses than
expected, and now lower reserves as we see releases. But it's really that dynamic of payment rates high,
lower loan volumes, average interest earning in particular, that is putting pressure on that top line.

James Francis Mitchell
Seaport Research Partners

All right. That's helpful for the clarification on the transactor balances. And then maybe just more
broadly on the Wealth business. You guys put out a press release saying you've made some significant
investments in new hires in Asia Wealth, with a pretty substantial and aggressive target to grow
headcount. Where do you stand on that build-out? And are you making similar investments in other
markets?

Jane Nind Fraser
CEO & Director

Yes. Look, I think as we've said, we're pretty excited about the Wealth opportunity for us because we
have all the different pieces to be successful here: the brand, the client relationships, the platform, the
Commercial Banking franchise. And we're already a sizable player. We're #3 in Asia, for example, where a
lot of the growth is coming from.

The opportunity for us is pulling all of the pieces together into a single integrated offering across the full
spectrum of clients. And so we've been investing in that platform, the technology. You'll have seen the
announcement yesterday in the U.S. about a self-directed digital offering there. We've been expanding
and growing talent in the front line as well. And very pleased as well with the investment product revenue
growth, which is -- where from a mix point of view, we see the greatest upside for us.

So early days in the execution of this, but I think pleasing progress as we pull this together into this single
integrated offering, invest behind it, and you'll see the benefits in terms of growth as well as obviously
return and revenue mix going forward for the bank.

Mark A.L. Mason
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Jane, the only thing I'd add to that, we are already seeing good performance in the quarter, right?
So Private Bank revenue was up 4%. Continued strong growth in client assets, up 26%, and including
AUMs, that were up 29%, and deposit strength, et cetera. And as Jane mentioned, even as we invest
in strengthening the platform, we just announced yesterday that we were launching the self-directed
investment digital offering, which again is targeted towards U.S. Consumer and Wealth Management
clients. And so good progress while we invest and position ourselves to capture further opportunity here.

Operator

Your next question will come from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. And we will move to the next
question. Your next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I wanted to ask you a little bit just on capital. When we got the SCB results, you had indicated a dividend
of at least 51% and implied that you'd be buying back stock. But just wondering if you could help us just
flesh that out a little bit more in terms of how we should be thinking about the type of capital return or
any increases that you might consider on the dividend from here, and how to put that into context with
prospective changes in the SCB and your minimums.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Mark A.L. Mason
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Look, the first thing I'd say is that, as you can tell through the second quarter, we bought back as
much as the regulatory rules would allow for in the way of the average 4 quarters of net income. And so
we continue to be very excited about the prospect of continued capital return.

As it relates to the SCB and the recent results, as you know, we have a target of approximately 11.5%
from a CET1 ratio point of view. The target includes an estimate for the stress capital buffer. That's
somewhere between 2.5% and 3%. Up until this recent set of results, the prior couple had been at the
2.5%. The 3% will go into effect at the end of the third quarter. And more importantly, we will actively
manage the drivers that impact that stress capital buffer. That is to say, PPNR as well as the balance
sheet, risk-weighted assets. And we intend to do so with an eye towards how we bring that stress capital
buffer back down.

As we think about capital actions, as you know, with the SCB in place, we have the flexibility to take those
decisions in a given quarter in line with our -- with the reg minimums, and we intend to do that. Given
where the stock trades, it makes a lot of sense for us to be buying back shares. And so we'll continue to
skew towards that. And as of right now, our dividend is going to remain at the 51%. But as I mentioned,
we will continue to look at that quarter-to-quarter given the flexibility from the SCB.

Jane Nind Fraser
CEO & Director

And the only piece I'd add in is as we're doing this work on the strategy and the plans going forward, both
Mark and I have a high degree of confidence around the capital-generating capability of the franchise. And
look forward to returning excess capital to you over and above what we'll be doing to invest and close that
return gap with our peers.

Operator

Your next question will come from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I just wanted to follow up on the dividend commentary. I understand the preference to buy back stock,
and you're very explicit about wanting to do that below tangible book. So that makes sense. But I guess
just kind of signaling in the market, keeping a stable dividend, is there like a message there about the
underlying earnings power or limited ability to increase the dividend? Because I would think you'd want to
at least top it up by a couple of pennies just to kind of signal a positive trend because it doesn't take that
much capital to do that.

So maybe you can elaborate a little bit on the dividend, again, specifically on -- should we read into
implied underlying earnings power? Are there any limits on increase from dividend?

Mark A.L. Mason
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Let me be very clear. There's no underlying message there at all, right? It's as I stated in terms of
where the stock is trading and in making sense to do buybacks. Our dividend yield is quite comparable to
that of peers, so at close to 3%. And so -- and there's no constraint on our ability to take capital actions.
And we don't have any concerns about the earning power of the franchise. And in fact, many of the areas,
as I mentioned earlier and as Jane has mentioned, we know are going to contribute to continued strength
in our earnings power.

So well capitalized, we feel good about our earnings power, and no concerns or no underlying message
to the capital actions and direction of them that we spoke to. And again, we have the flexibility given
the stress capital buffer as we go quarter-to-quarter to adjust as we see fit in the best interest of our
investors.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your next question will come from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

Mark, I was hoping to unpack just some of the NII guidance. I think there was just a little bit of confusion
how it should be interpreted. So it sounds like we're down $2.2 billion year-to-date and that we -- the full
year, we shouldn't see any incremental declines from there. So that would imply about a $10.5 billion NII
run rate in the back half. I just wanted to make sure that's the right way to interpret the remarks.

Mark A.L. Mason
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So look, again, we do see kind of the NIR stabilizing. And you see some of that particularly ex
markets, but also in total on the page. Again, the guidance for total revenues, unchanged at down 5%,
around -- or down mid-single digits, excuse me.

You're right, as of the half, we're at down $2.2 billion as it relates to net interest revenues. Look, the
markets component of that can often be hard to predict. But what I'm suggesting is that any offset or any
further pressure there will be offset likely in the fee momentum that we expect to see given the strength
coming through this quarter.

Operator

Your next question will come from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. I did have a question for Jane and you, Mark. The question has to do with how you're thinking about
the importance of scale in the business refresh, I guess, I could call it, that you're doing.

And Jane, really, maybe you could help us understand how important scale is in what you're looking to
execute here. I ask because many times, I get questions from investors around what is it you're doing on
the pieces of the business that don't have as much scale as the standout areas like global FICC or treasury
services or Mexico.

Jane Nind Fraser
CEO & Director

Yes. First of all, scale is clearly very, very important here, particularly in a more digital world. And as
you point out, Betsy, TTS, for example, has -- we're moving $4 trillion of volume a day in -- around the
world. And we've got a number of franchises that have material scale, and we only expect them to be
growing. And this is where the transformation program will be very helpful in ensuring the scalability of
our platforms.

We made the decision on Asia Pac and EMEA to exit the 13 markets where we didn't believe that we would
be able to achieve the scale needed to compete in those very local part of the business. So that we can
focus our firepower in those areas where we're either ensuring we retain a leading market position or in
other areas where we want to be investing to attain the scale that we think is going to be needed going
forward. U.S. consumer is an obvious example of that.

So I think as we -- you'll hear from us going forward, more and more focused around what are our plans
for those businesses for retaining the leading positions in this, aided by the transformation program, or in
the areas where we'll be investing attain greater scale. As I say, U.S. consumer is the obvious one. There
are pockets in Commercial Bank we're excited by. Securities Services, one where we think it is very, very
readily attainable, particularly given our pre and post trade capabilities.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

And part of that scale finally, it will come from the linkages between our businesses. As we create more
connectivity, that will also provide us scale. So collectively, the different franchises we have will be
competitively advantaged and not just individually strong.

Operator

Your next question will come from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.

Ebrahim Huseini Poonawala
BofA Securities, Research Division

Just one follow-up. I understand you're being deliberate in terms of strategy leading up to, I guess, the
Investor Day you mentioned next -- first quarter next year. But as we think about just the investment
spend and the expense outlook, handicap, Mark, if you could, the risk that we could see a little bit of an
expense creep as you dig further deeper into this, both in terms of your guidance for mid-single-digit
expense growth this year and as we think about just the duration of that investment cycle over the next
few years?

Mark A.L. Mason
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Look, again, this is something that we control, right? So again, I want to reiterate that we are making
very deliberate decisions around the opportunities that we see across the franchise. And it's the right thing
to do, right? So we're going to continue to do that. In terms of kind of risk to it, I don't think there are any
surprises here, right? So if revenues come in meaningfully different, there's a certain component of our
expense base that's tied to revenues. And so that would obviously move around.

But aside from those volume-related expenses: transaction, compensation, et cetera, you should expect
what I've guided towards, in terms of the very deliberate decisions to put the money to work in this
fashion, and we're going to continue to do that. If we see more investment opportunities in '21 or 2022,
we're going to go after them because, again, we know that we can deliver on the benefits and the returns
that are associated with putting that money to work.

Operator

Your next question will come from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Mark, you said something interesting about the Investment Banking business revenues. I think you said
that they were 39% or 38% higher than 2019 or lower, I don't -- I got to check -- higher. I'm checking
my notes here. So your business is still nicely above the 2019 levels. And we came through a period up
until the pandemic that you're well aware of that it was somewhat challenging, the growth in Investment
Banking and trading businesses.

As you look forward, when you talk to your people in Investment Banking and in global markets, where
do they see this? Because there seems to be an elevated amount of business due to what we just came
through in the last 18 months. Do they think it's sustainable? Or do we get back to a 2019? What are
those guys telling you about the next 12 to 24 months in those businesses?

Mark A.L. Mason
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. You know what, I'd start by saying we continue to have very, very good dialogue with our clients
across the franchise, and specifically, in Investment Banking. And if you think about it, many businesses,
many companies across industries are really having to take a look at their business model and think
about how they want to transform their businesses coming out of this pandemic. Everything from how
to think about digitization, how to think about going direct to consumers, what the pandemic means for
supply chains, how people work remotely, how they manage their liquidity levels. What to do with that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

excess liquidity? Should they be buying or what? And so we're part of that dialogue, which is incredibly
representative, I think. It represents strongly the franchise that we have.

The general view from our clients is optimistic in terms of the go-forward environment. Yes, there are
some things to kind of manage to, but there's a general level of optimism. And so what I represented
relative to '19 is, while we are seeing normalization, we're normalizing at a higher level than where we
ended in 2019. And we'd expect continued momentum, and we'd expect to take -- continue to take share
over time.

Jane, anything you want to add to that?

Jane Nind Fraser
CEO & Director

Yes. Mark, I think you covered it very well. There's a high level of client engagement with us at the
moment really around the world. And a lot of demand we're seeing, in addition to the Investment Banking
side, the shift to e-commerce with clients needing our TTS services, our cross-border flows. So we're
seeing this translating into demand in trade starting to tick up nicely. The Commercial Banking side is
another area that we're seeing a lot of new demand coming through from clients, both from strategic
activity with our investment bank as well as their own expansion globally that we're supporting them
through our treasury services and the like.

So I think there's a general sense of optimism. We have a fabulous pipeline. One never wants to jink these
things, but we really have a fabulous pipeline heading into the second half of the year around the world.
And it does give you a good sense of confidence of continued momentum.

Operator

Your next question will come from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I'm going to ask my question here and then requeue. The real question is just on capital. I mean you're
not blind to the fact that your tangible book value is $78 and your stock price is $68. So you should
probably be selling the -- your desk chairs and your silverware and anything you can to buy back your
stock, I would think. So along those lines, the first question is, when you're looking at the sales of assets,
13 consumer markets, do you expect to have a gain on those or a loss on those relative to where they're
marked currently?

Mark A.L. Mason
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So look, I mean, I think I'd tell you, Mike, that we -- as Jane mentioned, we've seen strong interest
from buyers as it relates to those assets. And there's no surprise just given we think those are good
businesses. Just not of scale, as Jane mentioned, for us. We've got to run that process through and see
what that results in. And I'll continue to be transparent with you as to where gains and losses or how it
flows through our financials. But I'm not going to sit here and tell you whether it's gains or losses or what
it means specifically for those 13 markets.

What I will tell you is that as capital is freed up from those transactions, we'll continue to make very
deliberate decisions around what to do with that capital. First, looking at growth opportunities that can
deliver returns above our cost of capital, and then looking towards how we can return as much of it to
shareholders as it makes sense in the form of buybacks, dividends, et cetera. And we've been disciplined
about that to date, and we're going to continue to be disciplined about that.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

So to clarify, if I got this right, your CET1 ratio is 11.9% and your return on capital above 11.5%. So if
you were to quantify the dollar amount of that, how much would that mean in potential buybacks at this
point? And then I assume that would not include any capital freed up from any sales. So you could have
the potential to buy back a lot of stock if you were willing and able. Is that correct?

Mark A.L. Mason
Chief Financial Officer

There's little bit over $4 billion of excess capital between the 11.5% and the 11.9%, and so that's what
that equates to.

Operator

Your next and final question will come from Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.

Vivek Juneja
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Mark, any comments on promotional trends that you're seeing in card pricing given everybody's back
focusing on the business? You mentioned marketing spend, but can you talk a little bit about what you're
seeing in promotional pricing in that?

Mark A.L. Mason
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I guess what I'd say is simply that, as expenses would suggest, and as we've stated, we are lagging
back into bringing on new card customers. And so -- and what we're seeing is that our acquisitions are
largely at pre-COVID, precrisis or pre-pandemic levels. And frankly, we're seeing normal behaviors as
those card customers come on. And as has always been the case, it's going to be a mix in terms of the
acquisition strategy. But thus far, we're seeing normal behaviors, if you will.

And look, the new account acquisitions skew towards Branded Cards. And they're in products that are
less reliant on the 0% offers, and products like Flex Pay and Flex Loan, which will generate interest
immediately as those balances grow.

Operator

We do have 1 more question in queue from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

An unrelated question. Just, Jane, as you think about the technology approach, doing it yourself through
Citigroup and pairing up with partners, what's the status of the relationship with Google and Google Plex
and your desire to use third parties to gather new customers at lower initial cost, but maybe not as much
lifetime value? If you think of that trade-off, what's your current thinking today? And we haven't heard
much about the Google relationship despite some initial headlines.

Jane Nind Fraser
CEO & Director

Yes. Mike, excellent question. The partnership with big tech is an important part of our disruptor strategy
in the U.S. as we're looking at both how do we enhance value propositions to customers, the customer
base itself and then these new ecosystems that are evolving. And I think there's no question that COVID
has accelerated the embedded finance model in the U.S. Just think of the travel ecosystem, think of home
improvement ecosystems.

The benefit we've got is that for us, it's not a new space to us. We've been very much engaged with
partners in Asia, Grab, Paytm and WeBank as well as our traditional partners. What we find with
these partnerships is that we learn a lot, because it's still early days in the development of these new

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

ecosystems. We learn a lot about marketing, about user experiences around the tech stacks. It certainly
enables us to tap into next-generation customer bases.

But also importantly, it goes beyond consumer. And so if we look on the corporate side, our partnership
with Stripe, the work that we're doing in TTS with project Spring of enabling payments around is a core
piece, particularly as wholesale and retail kind of collapses some of these payment chains into one.

So with the -- at Google Plex and several other tech partnerships that we have in the States and
elsewhere in the world, we're very deliberately going about creating a broad suite of APIs and partner
integration capabilities so that we're able to integrate other partners into our offerings, develop more
innovative solutions without necessarily having to build it or buy it all ourselves. And Citi Plex with Google
is an example of that. We are actively testing features with our own employees at the moment. We'll be
finalizing dates. We'll share that with you when available. But it's one of many different partnerships that
we have and an important partner for us, but far from the only one here in the States to help us disrupt
and grow going forward.

Operator

We do have a follow-up question from Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.

Vivek Juneja
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Sorry if I had a second question, and that's on capital. Given that you're headed towards a higher G-SIB
bucket, Mark, Jane, what are your thinking in terms of that, in terms of not just capital targets? Anything
you can do about that? Because I know that's a year -- a little over a year away from going into effect. But
obviously, you are thinking about target capital, we'll have to keep in mind what's coming down the pipe
for you.

Mark A.L. Mason
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. And look, as you know, with all of the liquidity in the market, many of us have seen pressure on
our G-SIB score. That certainly has been the case for us. And it wouldn't go into effect, a higher G-SIB
score of 3.5% until the beginning of 2023. And we look at the entire capital stack holistically, the 11.5%
target in our case, which is well above reg minimums, but certainly does consider that in it. And there are
elements of that, as I mentioned earlier, that we can influence and control. So the stress capital buffer is
part of that.

And I talked earlier about our ability to influence those levers. Without having full understanding of the
Fed models, we know we can influence PPNR. We know we can influence the balance sheet and how it gets
allocated, and ultimately, what stress losses come out of it. And so we will continue to manage that. We
will still have a buffer obviously even with a higher G-SIB score. And as you know, regulators continue to
talk about capital as being at about the right levels in the system. And they'll continue to look at drivers
that influence the stack as well, including G-SIB and balance sheet size, et cetera, and we'll see how that
evolves.

But again, we feel good about where we are. We're well capitalized. We have a good sense for the drivers
going forward that will create capital capacity for us. And we intend to, again, invest that where it makes
sense and return that otherwise to our shareholders.

Operator

I would now like to turn the call back over to Elizabeth Lynn for closing remarks.

Elizabeth Lynn
Interim Head of Investor Relations

Thank you all for joining today's call. Please feel free to reach out to us in IR with any follow-up questions.
Thank you again, and have a nice day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Operator
This concludes the Citi's second quarter 2021 earnings review. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CITIGROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

