CME Group Inc. NasdaqGS:CME
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 28, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.61

1.64

Revenue  (mm)

1172.76

1179.20

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-21-2021 5:22 AM GMT

1.86

0.55

1.61

6.77

7.37

1185.31

4860.74

5155.88

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.44

1.36

1.76

1.61

1.38

1.39

1.79

1.64

SURPRISE

(4.17 %)

2.21 %

1.70 %

1.86 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

6

2

 
CME GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Derek Sammann
Senior MD and Global Head of
Commodities & Options Products

John C. Peschier
Managing Director of Investor
Relations

John William Pietrowicz
Chief Financial Officer

Julie Winkler
Senior MD & Chief Commercial
Officer

Sean P. Tully
Senior MD and Global Head of
Financial & OTC Products

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Sheriq Sumar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Simon Alistair Vaughan Clinch
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research
Division

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Kenneth Brooks Worthington
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CME GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the CME Group Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call.

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Sir, please go ahead.

John C. Peschier
Managing Director of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm going to start with the safe harbor language,
then I'll turn it over to Terry and John for brief remarks followed by your questions. Other members of our
management team will also participate in the Q&A session.

Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical
facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They
involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and
results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement.

Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with
the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a
reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures.

With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, John, and thank you all for joining us this morning. As John said, our comments will be brief, so
we can get to your questions.

We released our executive summary this morning, which provided extensive details on the second quarter
of 2021. Also as John said, I have John, Sean, Derek, Sunil, and Julie Winkler on the call with us this
morning, and we look forward to addressing any questions you have.

We delivered solid volume during the second quarter of this year, as we average more than 18 million
contracts per day. We saw strength on our rates and agricultural businesses relative to Q2 last year.
Equities and energy volumes were down, with less volatility in those markets compared to the prior year.

So far in July, we are up 29% month to date compared to July last year, with particular strength in rates,
which has more than doubled compared to a year ago. We have seen a rebound in energy, which is up
more than 25% month to date.

In terms of products, we had a record ADV, or average daily volume, in SOFR futures, total Bitcoin futures
and options and copper options in Q2. We had a highly successful launch of our Micro WTI, which was the
most successful commodity product launch in the history of CME Group.

On August 1, we will begin trading nature-based global emission offset contracts. In addition, our new
Micro Treasury yield contracts will be available for trading in August.

In the second quarter, non-U.S. ADV was 5.2 million contracts, up 6%. We saw 9% growth in Asia
Pacific, 8% in Latin America and 6% in Europe. Across all regions, the growth came from increased rates
activity, ag products, FX and metals. This was also supported in how our clients interacted with our digital
properties as ags, metals, and FX saw double-digit growth in new users from all regions.

The main point is we are constantly finding ways to assist our clients with the world's most diverse product
offerings across all the critical global asset classes.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CME GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

With that short introduction, let me turn the call over to John, who will discuss some of the financial
results.

John William Pietrowicz
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Terry. During the second quarter, CME generated almost $1.2 billion in revenue, with average
daily volume of more than 18 million contracts. Expenses were very carefully managed and, on an
adjusted basis, were $427 million for the quarter and $373 million, excluding license fees.

CME had an adjusted effective tax rate of 24.1%, which resulted in an adjusted diluted EPS of $1.64.

Capital expenditures for the quarter were approximately $40 million. CME paid out more than $300 million
of dividends during the second quarter, and cash at the end of the quarter was approximately $1.2 billion.

Turning to guidance. We now expect total adjusted operating expenses for 2021, excluding license fees, to
come in at approximately $1.560 billion, that is $15 million below our prior guidance and virtually flat with
last year's adjusted expense levels.

All other guidance remains unchanged. We project CapEx to be in the range of $180 million to $190
million and our adjusted effective tax rate to be between 23.2% and 24.2%.

Finally, we are on track and have a very good line of sight to achieve our targeted $200 million in
cumulative run rate synergies by year-end.

Please refer to the last page of our executive commentary for additional financial highlights and details.
With that short summary, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Based on the number of
analysts covering us, [Operator Instructions]. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CME GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I guess, my question is going to be sort of on new products, but you're definitely expanding the Micro
E-mini products, and pretty impressive on the Bitcoin results, which are -- it's only half the price of the
regular future, but about 1 50, if I think of the size of it.

But anyway, the question is how are you building -- is this a broader -- the build-out of Micro going
towards retail? Or is it really institutions using the product as well? And is there going to be any other
expense or investment to market if it is more oriented towards retail, Terry?

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

Well, I'm going to start, and I'm sure everybody will have a little something to say about this because
some of the people in this room oversee some of those Micro products.

But in general, Rich, when we list some of these Micro contracts, we do it for fundamental reasons to
address the concerns of the market participants. There's many of times, as you know, that we can look at
the Micro equity contracts, and because of the valuation of the certain underlying equities, it made sense
for us to go ahead and list smaller contracts, whether it was the E-mini, now down to the Micro. And so
that was a driving force for that. And then we look at the demand for other products associated with it.

On the crypto, you could almost say the same story. With the appreciation in Bitcoin going upwards of
60,000 at one given point, it made sense to have a smaller contract to address and the audience to make
sure they can mitigate and manage their risk.

On the West Texas contract that was just listed, I think that was just a demand from different participants,
both on the commercial side and the financial side who want to participate in that market and just a bit of
a smaller contract.

So there's a question is, are we going to invest more in that sector of the business? We will continually
look at the needs of the clients and make that decision as it comes. So I don't want to prejudge it and say,
yes, but I wouldn't want to rule it out either.

So I'll let some of my colleagues go ahead and jump in, maybe Mr. Pietrowicz would.

John William Pietrowicz
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thank you, Terry. When you look at our Micro products, we've done a few things. One is we really
found a position in the market where these really resonate, to Terry's point, in terms of meeting clients'
needs.

One of the things we've also done is we've adjusted the pricing on the Micros, as I mentioned last quarter.
So when you take a look at the Micro equity products, we saw an increase in the rate per contract from
$0.154 to $0.176, up about 14%, which reflects the full quarter impact of the pricing adjustment, plus the
launch of our highly successful Micro Bitcoin contract that has an RPC about $1.57 to $1.59. So a huge
success there.

We also saw an increase in the Micro Gold RPC, which went from $0.397 to $0.446 when you look at first
quarter versus second quarter for a 12% increase.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CME GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

What's very exciting is we have built $100 million a year business so far that didn't exist just a couple of
years ago with our Micro product. So it's pretty exciting in terms of addressing a client need and really
having the product set, which allows us to offer a wide variety of Micro products.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

Maybe I'd like to have Derek just for one second touch on the newest product because, as I referenced
in my earlier remarks, the West Texas Intermediate contract was the most successful commodity launch
we've ever had here, which is impressive in and of itself.

So Derek, maybe you could just give a couple of sentences as it relates to what you're seeing in the new
contract at West Texas.

Derek Sammann
Senior MD and Global Head of Commodities & Options Products

Yes. We've gotten off to a good start. We traded over 450,000 contracts in just the first 11 trading days.

What's most interesting about this, as Terry said, this is actually a new client acquisition tool for us. This
is bringing in customers that would like to participate in our markets and found the institutional size
contracts a little bit too big. And the key stat there is that we've got over 2,600 participants in our Micro
contract that have never traded any other crude product with CME Group core. So this is functionally and
practically brand new business to us in this asset class.

We're seeing a higher participation percent of non-U.S. participants. About 26% for Micro business is
trading from outside the U.S. versus the average of about 20% coming from outside the U.S. on our main
contract.

Open interest has grown. We're seeing steady liquidity participation across the global trading day. 16
liquidity providers have been in there every single day, and they got 6,200 unique users trading the
contract and 75 individual unique trading firms.

So broad participation, global participation, net new client acquisition, really strong start. And so we're
excited about what this can mean for the business and what this means for liquidity provision globally.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

So just to finish up on your last part of your question, Rich, yes, this is part of our strategy as it relates to
retail new client acquisition, but it's not the only component of our strategy as it relates to retail.

So the Micro contracts are a component of that, but not the only piece. So hopefully, that gave you some
color as it relates to the questions that you asked.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Curious if you can give us an update on the BrokerTec integration and what you've seen so far. What I'm
particularly interested in now, there's been a few months is, like, any tangible evidence that this has been
driving some new revenue opportunities for you?

I think BrokerTec revenues year-over-year were basically flat. Futures revenues and interest rates,
obviously up a lot. So question is, is that being driven by anything that you've done for clients? Or is it too
early to point to anything?

Sean P. Tully
Senior MD and Global Head of Financial & OTC Products

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CME GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Yes. It's a really good question. This is Sean speaking. I greatly appreciate it.

So yes, we are excited about the initial uptake of new products and services that we're offering across that
platform that we have talked about previously. Obviously, larger picture, there is a lot of direct streaming
going on in that -- in the cash markets, in general, both in the treasury markets as well as in the foreign
exchange markets, and we're investing very heavily there.

So we -- one of the big investments we're making is in what we call QDM 2.0, a quote-driven markets 2.0.
We expect to be -- we are launching that now. We're in the middle of doing that on our FX business. And
after we launched that in our FX business, we will be launching it in our treasuries business, and we do
expect that to be a state-of-the-art and the best-in-class direct streaming platform, so that should help.

But even before that, I talked a lot on previous calls about RV trading. RV trading is still getting uptake,
and we are excited about the progress so far. So we did $280 million average daily volume in the month of
June. Last week, we did $530 million average daily volume. And last Wednesday, we did $1.1 billion. So it
is starting to show the results that we had hoped.

This is in an environment where the bulk of many of our participants, actually, the bulk of our participants
do not yet have automated APIs connecting to the functionality. So this is manual users who are taking
advantage of it at this point. So we don't have the bulk of the electronic community in there yet.

We did have a major ISV last week for the first time offer to their customers, testing in the new
functionality. So we are very excited to see what that has to offer in the coming months.

In addition to that, we reduced the 3-year minimum price increments that have a very significant positive
impact. If you look at 3-year notes, they went from a typical average daily volume of $10 billion a day to
$16 billion a day. So we saw, on a relative basis, relative to the entire platform, a 60% increase in that
individual security. So very excited about that.

There are also other moves that we are taking relative to optimizing commissions and other things that
are having a positive impact.

If you look at the overall industry, while over the previous couple of years, BrokerTec had lost significant
market share in the dealer-to-dealer space. If you look at Q2 -- sorry, the fourth quarter of last year, first
quarter of this year and the month of June, we have flattened out that market share level. So if you look
at the fourth quarter, we were at 59%; first quarter, we were at 59%; and in June, we were at 58.5%.

So we are getting traction in the new products and services. It has stabilized the relative share of that
platform, and we do expect it to grow further as there's greater uptake in new functionality. Thanks for the
question.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So very quickly and have you -- just to my first part of the question, and have you attempted to put any
of the things that you just talked about in revenue terms, so that we can think about the benefits that
we've seen so far a little bit more in terms of, hey, this is what the deal is contributing on the top line?

Sean P. Tully
Senior MD and Global Head of Financial & OTC Products

We have not put them in revenue terms so far. You can look at -- there isn't a separate charging for any
of these, right? So the overall volumes that a participant does, no matter what functionality they're using,
are charged similarly. So it wouldn't have a different impact.

Operator

Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CME GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

My question is for you, John, just with regards to expenses, the guidance. Obviously, we see the
reduction, but still implies a decent step-up in the second half. So if you could talk about where we would
-- what those anticipated kind of costs and where those are coming in.

And then also, could you update us on just what the realized synergies are as of 2Q? I understand what
you said by the end of this year, what to expect, but just kind of where we are today.

John William Pietrowicz
Chief Financial Officer

Sure, Dan. Thanks for the question. As you heard from my prepared remarks, pardon me, we reduced our
guidance by $15 million. The entire team at CME has done an excellent job in managing our costs. With
the revised guidance, we're holding expenses virtually flat with last year and just under $80 million below
2019 levels.

When it comes to the expenses, the second half of the year is traditionally higher than the first half.
Marketing and advertising spend tend to occur later in the year, and we also tend to see higher project
spending in the second half as well.

Spending this year reflects the same pattern, but we had anticipated a higher-than-normal spend in the
second half of the year when we built out our spending plans.

During the year, we also chose to delay some of the planned first half spending to the second half of the
year, as the environment became clearer. For example, we brought back our employees, and we're seeing
some of our clients also return to the office.

In terms of the type of costs, marketing and advertising reflects just under half the increased spending
between the first and second half of the year. We'll be targeting a portion of that spending on our
successful Micro products. The balance reflects higher technology spending as we continue to advance the
integration of EBS, which also drive higher depreciation.

And finally, we anticipate contingent labor spending for accelerating some of our projects. As Sean
indicated, we are investing in some of the streaming platforms in our cash markets businesses.

So that gives you an idea of the change in first half versus second half.

And then in terms of realized synergies, we realized approximately $9 million of synergies in our P&L for
2021. And just to finish off on that, we've got a very strong line of sight to achieving our $200 million in
run rate synergies by year-end.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.

Kenneth Brooks Worthington
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

As we think about the actions that CME is taking to drive greater utilization of its products, where do you
see as the most important themes or actions to help encourage open interest in volume growth, say, over
the next 3 to 5 years?

So in the past, you focused on globalization. In Richard's question, you talked about the microizing of
products. You've changed minimum price increments, and you've done acquisitions. So as we think about
the future, where are you focusing your resources to drive that next level of growth as we look ahead?

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

Ken, thank you. I'm going to have Julie Winkler start and give you her thoughts on that, and then some of
us will chime in as well.

Julie Winkler
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CME GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Senior MD & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. Thank you for the question. I think those themes that you pointed out are something that we have
utilized to very successfully drive not just new product adoption, but continued growth for the business.

I think, as we continue to be in this hybrid environment, our ability to reach our clients digitally to be able
to customize more of that experience has been something that we've been pretty focused on over the last
1.5 years as many businesses have.

And so what's happened is it's far easier for us to reach those global clients than it even was before. So
there will be continued investments in those digital properties, that personalization, the education that we
do, and that really relates back to the work with our broker partners in the Micro space as well.

We've been extremely active with them in terms of investing in the educational efforts. As one such
example, we've had -- our partners alone have increased over 123% the education of traders in the first
half of this year, reaching over 1 million retail traders. And so, that is how we make people continue to be
successful in trading in our markets. So we're going to continue to see that investment.

As Terry pointed out earlier, a lot of this is about understanding client needs. We know that there will be a
continued work as we move towards SOFR in that transition.

And the last thing is just continuing about capital efficiencies. I mean, it has been a hallmark of our
business for many years, and that continues to be very top of mind to clients. So continuing to work with
Derek, Sean, and Sunil on how we can deliver that going forward for our clients.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

And I think, Ken, just to expand upon Julie's comments, she did touch on them, but the capital efficiencies
theme is something that resonates throughout this organization. We're constantly looking at different
ways.

Sean touched on it a little bit earlier with the BrokerTec question. We're going to continue to become more
and more efficient as we get offsets against our futures products, which will, again, lend people to adding
more open interest. One of your questions was around open interest.

The EBS integration on to the Globex platform, we're talking about multiple participants who've never
traded futures before in FX. We believe we have a good opportunity for them to participate in the FX
markets. Another additive into the open interest pool here at CME.

So some -- a lot of the things that we've done could be very additive, and that doesn't even include the
environment that we're all living in, which we know is one of the most riskiest environments this world has
ever seen.

So we feel confident that the open interest can continue to build with the capital efficiencies and some
of the acquisitions we did with the cash products and the futures products, along with people needing to
manage risk in all of our asset classes.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Sheriq Sumar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

This is Sheriq filling in for Alex. Can you provide us an update on the joint venture? And how is it
progressing so far? And how should we think about any financial or implications of the joint venture for the
CME business as a whole?

John William Pietrowicz
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CME GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Yes. Thanks for the question. This is John. We're making excellent progress on the formation of the joint
venture. The integration planning has gone extremely well, and we believe we are well positioned to hit
the ground running when we get the necessary approvals.

In terms of the approvals, we continue to move through the regulatory approval process. We've received
all antitrust approvals, and we are waiting on one financial regulatory approval. So we are really poised to
launch this joint venture.

And I think what's very exciting is we've got a great relationship with IHS Markit. We met with them just a
week or so ago, and so I think everybody has a common vision for the joint venture on a strategy, which
we think is going to be winning for the clients.

We've also got a great relationship with S&P Global. One of our -- this will be the second joint venture with
them. So we've got -- we're excited about working with them once their merger with IHS Markit has been
completed.

In terms of the financial implications, we'll provide an update in terms of the financial implications once
the joint venture gets launched. We are -- we don't anticipate, from an earnings perspective, any material
changes. We do -- you will see some geography changes on our income statement, where revenues and
expenses for the contributed companies will be netted into equities and unconsolidated subsidiaries, which
is the same location we have the S&P Dow Jones joint venture.

So really excited about the joint venture, what it could mean for the marketplace. We'll be the leading
provider of risk mitigation and post-trade services. And very -- I think we're going to be very well
positioned to accelerate the earnings on that business.

Operator

Our next question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Could you please elaborate a bit more on your strategy to launch more analytical tools? Do you have all
the pieces you have in this area? And what are the gaps you would like to fill?

Sean P. Tully
Senior MD and Global Head of Financial & OTC Products

Sure. This is Sean. We are very excited about the new analytical tools that we have launched, in particular
over the last year or so. On the rate side, for example, we launched the new TreasuryWatch Tool.
TreasuryWatch tool has had now over 8,000 unique users look at it every day. It's certainly where the
marketplace goes to look at the U.S. treasury government issuance, the Federal Reserve's purchase of
security and as well as the activity in our treasury futures as well as on BrokerTec.

So that is a tool that has gotten significant traction and we think offers an enormous amount of value to
our customers and helps to cross-sell our products from the cash markets to the futures and the futures
into cash.

In addition to that, on the foreign exchange side, we launched 3 new tools last year. We launched our FX
Market Profile tool, our FX Swap Rate Monitor, and our FX Options Vol Converter tool. Those tools likewise
with several thousand each in terms of unique users. If you look at our FX Market Profile, 863 different
companies represented; FX Swap Rate Monitor, 630 different companies represented.

So you're seeing an enormous penetration of our customers and potential customers for new client
acquisition and cross-selling get value out of these tools. So all those are growing very positively.

This is just where we have been over the last 12 months, though. If you look at it on a go-forward basis,
one of the great value propositions that we have is the ability with the acquisition of our cash markets and
with our derivatives markets to combine this data and synchronize this data for the very first time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CME GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

We have seen, as I said earlier, good uptake on our FX Market Profile tool. We are actually just in the
process of launching version 2.0 of that, which shows 10 different order levels in terms of the order book.
And it really shows participants how not only they need to use both liquidity tools, both futures and spot
markets -- cash spot markets in order to optimize their execution in foreign exchange but, in addition to
that, much greater depth in how to do that.

We will be launching, later this summer, the initial treasury market profile tool, which will likewise
synchronize, for the first time, our treasury futures data with our treasury cash data.

So those are significant developments. If you look, though, at what we plan on over the next year, that
will turn into full-blown TCA tool. So we already have on EBS Quant Analytics a TCA tool that allows you
to look at 3 different ways of executing your foreign exchange. You can look at it in the central limit order
book. You can look at it in -- on our direct streaming platform with your existing liquidity providers. Or
third, you can look at it on direct streaming with an alternative set of liquidity providers. What we're going
to be adding to that, once we move EBS over to Globex, is the ability to look at it in futures equivalent
terms as well.

So we have started to take advantage of, and we have started to provide analytics to our customers that
is unique relative to this unique set of assets in order to create new efficiencies, which is really behind
everything that we do. But over the next year, we're going to be able to provide much, much more.

Derek Sammann
Senior MD and Global Head of Commodities & Options Products

I think, Owen, another part of it is some of the work -- a lot of the work that we've done in our world's
largest multi-asset class options business. We have built our leading options analytics capability with
our QuickStrike analytics capabilities. That has led to our third consecutive record quarter of monthly
utilization.

We're on track right now to deliver the highest record revenues ever through our CME Direct front end
where we embed our QuickStrike analytics. As you know, we've -- we are now publishing 40 CME volatility
indices based on the benchmark liquidity in our options business.

We found this has brought more options customers to us for customers looking to manage specific risk
in each individual asset class. Those benchmarks reside at CME Group. So the work we continue to do to
build out market-leading analytics in our front end is bringing us new customers, generating new options
business, which generates new futures business as well. So we'll continue to push down that path.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I was just hoping you could talk a little bit about the opportunity set that you see to grow data and
information services revenues over the next couple of years. Which existing offerings would you say have
the most meaningful growth potential? And what new offerings could you bring to the marketplace to
enhance the growth profile of the market data information services revenue pull?

And if you could also just touch upon the impact that the pricing change as well had in the quarter.
It looked like -- I think that went through in April. The revenue there only went up about $1 million
sequentially. So maybe you can help flesh out some of the moving dynamics pieces there.

Julie Winkler
Senior MD & Chief Commercial Officer

Thank you for the question. Yes, market data had really another great quarter. And so one of the things
that we're seeing is that stabilization across the professional subscribers that are utilizing our real-time

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CME GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

market data. And we did capture, in its entirety, that price increase that you mentioned, the $5 per user
per DCM.

What happened in Q2 is that we had a little less in audits in Q2 over the Q1 results. And as we've
continued to stay on that front, we work with our customers to ensure that they have the right data, the
right licenses for their business needs. Yet as we have audit, that is going to flow up and down, depending
on where we're at in the process. So it's largely driven with the audit results there.

In terms of other areas of growth and what's really exciting us about market data, we've made some
changes in our non-display policies and pricing. We've got all that cash market data that Sean referenced
earlier that is now part of our product portfolio as well as a number of new benchmarks, the CVOL indices,
et cetera.

And so we're seeing a lot of interest from clients of making sure they're taking advantage of all of those
products and services. Our derived business is also performing quite well.

And the other thing that we've talked about on some past calls, it still is continuing to be very interesting
for clients is accessing our data through the cloud. And so with the Google Cloud Platform being launched
now, we've added new users. We're now up to 21 global clients that are in production there, and we have
nearly 60 more that are in that certification process.

And so this is how our clients -- and these are new users to CME data that they like the ability to be able
to turn on and off their connectivity and take the data that is most relevant to what they're interested on.

So we're working to expand that in data products presence really in the cloud later this year, so that is
something the team is working on.

And so I think it's a lot of additional work being done with Sean's team on the analytics front of saying,
what other tools and capabilities can we deploy. We have a lot of very, very valuable data and assets, and
that's what we're working to monetize.

Operator

Our next question comes from Simon Clinch with Atlantic Equities.

Simon Alistair Vaughan Clinch
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research Division

I'm kind of curious as to your thoughts around the crypto markets and the products you're launching
here. Just what kind of opportunities you see to broaden out in the next couple of years, particularly, but
also how you're seeing your products being used by the split between sort of institutional and then retail
clients?

Sean P. Tully
Senior MD and Global Head of Financial & OTC Products

We are seeing a combination, obviously, of smaller active clients as well as very large participants.
And the reason, again, for launching our Micro Bitcoin was in order to better penetrate a small active
trader community. As you'll recall, the Micro Bitcoin 1 50 of the size of the Bitcoin futures and half of the
scheduled fees. So that did allow us to deeply penetrate a new community, and we're very excited about
that.

If you look overall, I did start talking -- I believe it was the last earnings call, I said I would start talking
about crypto differently than I had in the past relative to the growth in volumes and revenues that we've
achieved. If you look today, our Bitcoin RPC is $5.45 in the second quarter. We're running around 11,500
contracts ADV.

Micro Bitcoin, John said it earlier, $1.57. $1.57, obviously, when we initially launched our product, we have
significant incentives. As I said earlier, the rack rate fees are half.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CME GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

So over time, we typically reduce those incentives. And historically, if you look at whenever we launch
a new product, actually, if you look at, for example, our Micro E-minis, those RPCs grow over time. And
there, we're doing 23,000 year-to-date. In the second quarter, we did more like 25,000 a day.

So a very -- I think, a huge success there, honestly. Either futures at $2.53 and 2,600 contracts a day.
So if you look at those RPCs against those average daily volumes, you'll see that we've now grown a
substantial business, and we're very pleased with it so far.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I know you highlighted some better energy volume in July specifically. But I guess, even inclusive of some
of the July volume, your energy ADV and 2021 to date is on pace to be the lowest volume year since
2015.

So just curious if you can give some more color as to all the factors that are driving or the big factors that
are driving the weakness this year. How much impact has the pandemic had versus other factors? And
then more importantly, I guess, what do you see as the catalyst to kind of reaccelerate structural growth
in that product segment as we look out over the next few years?

Derek Sammann
Senior MD and Global Head of Commodities & Options Products

Yes. Thanks, Kyle. That's a good question. I mean, last year was really a tale of 2 different years. We saw
the first half of the year with all the disruption in the first half of the year and then significant trail off in
the back half of the year.

We saw both the significant disruption demand coming from what we actually saw from the demand side
of things. And it was a very, very unclear picture for certainly U.S. shale when prices were languishing
back half of last year kind of around 45%, which is right at or slightly below breakeven for a lot of the U.S.
shale producers.

What we've seen over the last couple of months now that the OPEC and OPEC Plus agreements have come
in, we've actually seen a stabilization of oil prices, exactly what they wanted well above those breakeven
levels. And what you've actually seen, and you've picked up on the comments before, our June WTI
volumes are actually up 6% year-on-year. Our July WTI volumes are up 46%.

What we've actually seen from a volume perspectives overall, the market has picked up in the back half of
the year. Our market share in volume terms of RWTI contract relative to Brent is pretty much stable year-
on-year. Where we've seen a real outperformance has been in the open interest side of things.

When you look back to November of last year, we saw the WTI open interest bottom out at about 1.95
million contracts or so. We have now recovered on the WTI side back up to almost 2.5 million contracts.
That's sitting close to 3-year highs.

We all know when you're bringing in commercial customers, they are the outsized performers on the open
interest growth side of that. So we've had a significant return of the commercial participants back into our
market over the last couple of months.

That is what we focus on. We focus on the end-user customer needs. We focus on what they are looking to
manage their business with, and they're increasingly coming to CME Group.

What's interesting about that open interest share is, typically, and you can go back and look at the
numbers, the WTI open interest market share would hover between 42% and 48% when you compare the
sum of WTI at CME versus ICE Brent. We're actually sitting at about 50% market share in open interest
terms. So we're above almost our historical high point right now.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CME GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

So we think the strong fundamentals that we've seen, we've seen gasoline demand reached record high
of 10 million barrels per day in the week ended July 2. TSA checkpoint travel numbers are recently the
highest levels, red in '21. Just 2 weeks ago, traveler throughput at 2.23 million. So we're seeing the early
stages of airline recovery. That has been missing during this whole demand side of the crude oil market.

Saudi Arabia, UAE came to an agreement in OPEC Plus, so we think there's a little more stability there.
That certainly, probably, raising some specter of less concern about the 100 calls being in the money over
the next couple of months, but it also means that there's greater stability in the shale guys and like where
that's going.

So we're reading that in the open interest participation. We're seeing the work that we're doing to bring
new customers into the crude oil market with, as Terry referenced before, the WTI Micro contract. And
we're unleashing those customer capital efficiencies across the full range of products. And we're also
preparing for the energy transition, as we're pushing out our -- both our global emissions offset contracts
and our new nature-based global emissions offsets contracts as well.

So not only are we expanding our customer base, we're preparing for energy transition as well. So we feel
good about what's going on. Fundamentals are strong. Open interest is at 3-year highs. So we like where
we're at.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

And I just want to add to that, Kyle, that when you look at -- you referenced 2015 levels of trading, you
got to look at what just happened just a year ago. We were in a complete lockdown in the world when the
demand was going absolutely zero, and we are just rebuilding that.

And I think Derek pointed out a few highlights, such as the airline industry now getting ramped up again,
the TSA numbers and so forth. So I really think the measurement of 2015 to where we're at today is a
tough one because in between that, only a year ago, we had a lockdown situation that we've never seen
before.

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

That's really helpful, Derek and Terry. If I can just follow up on that just real quick. Just curious, are you
seeing any -- like now, we've had a couple of quarters past since the event with kind of negative WTI
pricing.

Do you think you're seeing any lingering effects from that even from certain users? Or is that open
interest trends that you've pointed to kind of speak to the fact that you haven't seen anything material?

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

We haven't seen anything material. I think that, again, when you look at what happened on April 20,
2020, we were at the height of a perfect storm, as I like to say at that time. We had complete lockdown.
We had, at the same time, production being ramped up right before that. And then all of a sudden, I
guess, we locked down in zero demand and a tremendous amount of product with nowhere to put it.

So that was a perfect storm at that given moment in time. I think that people understand that. And now
they are looking at the business in a different light, hopefully, but there's still some headwinds as far as
the pandemic. We keep talking about Delta variants and things of that nature. So I'm assuming there's
some trepidation, just in general, about what could potentially happen around the world again.

So no one's predicting any pricing here, but that is still a lingering effect. We are not out of this pandemic
yet, and I think that's what people need to realize.

Derek Sammann
Senior MD and Global Head of Commodities & Options Products

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CME GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Yes. I think the only points I'd probably add to that is when we talk about the OI indicator being the
strongest marker of increased participation, the key stat in there, Kyle, is the fact that commercial
participants are the biggest growth driver of that increase from the 1.9 million to the 2.5 million.

So 3-year highs, sitting with the commercial participants themselves, the physical participants being the
biggest participants in that growth, I think, tells you where the market is hedging its risk right now.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Sheriq Sumar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

This is Sheriq, again, filling in for Alex, and this one is for John. Can you tell us as to what was the ending
Fed balance in 2Q?

John William Pietrowicz
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Great, great question. So when you look at -- I'm going to make just a couple of quick points on the
other income portion of our income statement because we've got a couple of items that are performing
very well there.

The first is the cash held at our clearinghouse, and we saw an increase sequentially of about $3 million.
The average balances were up $27.7 billion, and our returns were up about 1 basis point from last quarter.

I just want to remind everybody that there was a change in the IOER on June 16 from 10 basis points to
15 basis points, and our share of the returns on that investment activity increased from 2 basis points to 5
basis points, and you'll see that full quarter impact in Q3.

Also our -- the performance of our JV -- S&P Dow Jones JV also has been performing extremely well and
was -- and were up about 14% from the same quarter last year. So that kind of gives you some highlights
on the other income portion of our income statement.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

Okay. If there's no further questions...

Operator

There are no further questions at this time, sir.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Thank you very much. We want to thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning. Once
again, we wish you and your families all the health and safety that you can have. Be safe, and we look
forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CME GROUP INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

