Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation 
NasdaqGS:CTSH
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 28, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.96

0.99

Revenue  (mm)

4451.55

4585.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-27-2021 8:40 AM GMT

3.12

3.00

1.02

3.97

4.38

4563.76

18010.29

19130.92

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.90

0.90

0.94

0.96

0.97

0.67

0.97

0.99

SURPRISE

7.78 %

(25.56 %)

3.19 %

3.12 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28,
2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Jan Siegmund
Chief Financial Officer

Tyler J. Scott
Senior Director of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Bradley Reiss Clark
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Rod Bourgeois
DeepDive Equity Research

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28,
2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Cognizant Technology Solutions Second Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.

I would now like to turn this conference over to Mr. Tyler Scott, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please
go ahead, sir. You may begin.

Tyler J. Scott
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. By now, you should have received a copy of the
earnings release and investor supplement for the company's second quarter 2021 results. If you have
not, copies are available on our website, cognizant.com. The speakers we have on today's call are Brian
Humphries, Chief Executive Officer; and Jan Siegmund, Chief Financial Officer.

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the comments made on today's call and some of
the responses to your questions may contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject
to the risks and uncertainties as described in the company's earnings release and other filings with the
SEC. Additionally, during our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures that we
believe provide useful information for our investors. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures,
where appropriate, to the corresponding GAAP measures can be found in the company's earnings release
and other filings with the SEC.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Brian Humphries. Please go ahead, Brian.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Thank you, Tyler. Good afternoon, everybody. Against a challenging labor market backdrop and the recent
humanitarian crisis in India, we executed well in the second quarter, allowing us to deliver significant
upside to our revenue guidance. Second quarter revenue of $4.6 billion represented growth of 15%
year-over-year or 12% in constant currency. I'm grateful to our teams across the world for their own
flagging dedication to consistently meeting our promises to clients. Thanks to the professionalism of all
our associates with no major disruption to client service delivery from the second wave of the pandemic in
India.

We continue to execute against our previously announced Operation C3, which includes our vaccination
drive across the 11 cities where Cognizant has operations in India. To date, we've administered or
reimbursed over 160,000 vaccines to associates or their families and dependents.

I'm pleased with the strength of key commercial metrics. Bookings growth accelerated to 12% year-over-
year in the second quarter, and our book-to-bill ratio is now 1.2 on a trailing 12-month basis. Qualified
pipeline is significantly up, and our win rates are also up year-to-date, positioning us well for continued
bookings momentum. Digital revenue growth accelerated to 20% year-over-year in the quarter.

Moving to industry segments. We posted strong double-digit year-over-year constant currency growth
in Communications, Media and Technology, Products and Resources and Healthcare. We've achieved a
double-digit CAGR over the past 4 years in Communications, Media and Technology and remain optimistic
on our growth prospects. This industry is now home to some of our largest clients.

Within Products and Resources, we continue to post excellent growth in manufacturing, logistics, energy
and utilities. Meanwhile, both retail and consumer goods and travel and hospitality posted their fourth
successive quarter of sequential revenue increases, and are now close to prepandemic revenue levels.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28,
2021

Our Healthcare business had a strong quarter with double-digit year-over-year growth in both the life
sciences and U.S. payer and provider businesses. I'm delighted with our sustained momentum in life
sciences, which will allow us to cross the $2 billion annualized revenue threshold later this year. As we
strengthen our relationship with existing biopharma and medical device companies, our strong client
references and delivery excellence are positioning us well to expand into new logos. For example, we
partnered with Viatris, the newly formed company resulting from the merger of Mylan and Upjohn, a
legacy division of Pfizer, to support their integration readiness for day 1. We are now continuing our
collaboration on post-merger integration services.

We will continue to invest to support our clients' digital needs in the life sciences business. Last week, we
agreed to acquire TQS Integration, a privately owned Ireland-based global industrial data and intelligence
company that will enhance our smart manufacturing offerings and build upon our successful acquisition
of Zenith Technologies from 2019. And earlier this month, we announced a strategic alliance with global
health technology leader Philips to develop end-to-end health solutions that will enable health care
organizations to improve patient care and accelerate clinical trials.

Over the past 2 years, we focused significant effort on reinvigorating the U.S. payer and provider
businesses. These efforts have started to bear fruit. During the second quarter, we expanded our
existing partnerships with large payer clients and added new logos in the provider market. The TriZetto
product business is highly strategic to our Healthcare business. Following some weakness post the 2014
acquisition, we spent considerable energy soliciting client feedback and refreshing the product road map
over the last 2 years. We are now seeing growing momentum in the business. Annual growth rates in the
TriZetto product business doubled in 2020 over 2019, and are on track to double again in 2021, following
double-digit revenue growth in the first half of the year.

Turning now to Financial Services, which grew 5% year-over-year in constant currency. Both the banking
and insurance businesses grew year-over-year and sequentially. In banking, which is most of the Financial
Services business, we have sharpened our focus on the highest potential client relationships over the
past 18 months. We've refreshed now about half of our client-facing teams, bringing in seasoned industry
talent with an emphasis on executive engagement and selling and delivering business outcomes in
collaboration with the financial services partner ecosystem. While we are making progress in our client
engagement strategy, and have seen sustained momentum in regional banks, banking results continue to
be hindered by ongoing revenue erosion in large global banks. As such, while we expect full year financial
services revenues to grow modestly, the repositioning of the business continues.

Before discussing the macro demand environment, I would like to acknowledge the progress we've made
in our BPO business, which we call digital business operations. Two years ago, we made the decision
to exit certain nonstrategic elements of the content moderation business that had been a meaningful
contributor to growth. This decision impacted the growth trajectory of DBO and required us to reposition
the business. Two years on, we've now successfully completed the exit of the content moderation
business. And as of the third quarter, revenue compares will be like-for-like.

I'm pleased with the revised strategic direction of digital business operations, which focuses on
automation, analytics and consulting as well as platform-based and core business process operations. Year
to date, we've seen double-digit revenue growth in digital business operations, and we expect to sustain
this growth in the coming years, driven by strong results in modern BPO segments like digital natives and
intelligent process automation and by our leadership position in BPaaS within the Healthcare segment.

A recent example of our client momentum is Johns Hopkins HealthCare, who turned to us to transition
their Medicaid and commercial lines of business from legacy platforms and operations to our leading BPaaS
solution. We'll be providing a modern, scalable cloud-based platform to enable Johns Hopkins HealthCare
to be a more robust, flexible organization that can deliver better, more affordable patient outcomes.

Let's turn now to macro demand, which is particularly robust as clients modernize their legacy
environments, embrace the cloud and invest in innovation. We continue to believe that the next phase of
digital is about transforming processes to become agile, intelligent and automated and always with an eye
on customer experience. Hyperpersonalization is fueling significant demand in analytics, AI and ML.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28,
2021

Given strong demand on our bullish outlook in the industry, we are committed to meaningfully scaling our
headcounts over the coming quarters. However, this macro demand backdrop has also created a demand-
supply imbalance in key skills and has meaningfully increased industry attrition. As we noted in last
quarter's remarks, we expected attrition to go up sequentially in Q2, and it did. Second quarter voluntary
attrition reached 29% on an annualized basis or 18% on a trailing 12-month basis. As a reminder, our
attrition metric captures the entire company including trainees and corporate across both IT services
and BPO. Against this backdrop, we continue to take a series of actions to reduce attrition, including
compensation adjustments, job rotations, reskilling and promotions and a host of associate engagement
activities. Fortunately, we meaningfully increased our recruiting capacity over the last 6 months as we
anticipated the spike in attrition, following the V-shaped demand recovery in the second half of 2020.

Our human resources team have done a remarkable job helping us mitigate the impact of elevated
attrition through comprehensive hiring, onboarding and skilling programs. In fact, we now expect to hire
approximately 100,000 laterals in 2021 and to train close to 100,000 associates. In addition, we expect to
onboard approximately 30,000 new graduates in 2021 and make 45,000 offers to new graduates in India
for 2022 onboarding.

Over recent years, we've been methodically shifting our revenue mix to digital, which now accounts
for more than 44% of our revenue. Since 2019, we've invested more than $2 billion in mergers and
acquisitions to accelerate our digital capabilities. While the impact of recent acquisitions has reduced Q2
company margins given diligence and integration costs and acquired company margin dilution, it has
nonetheless been the right thing to do. These investments have changed the growth profile of Cognizant
by shifting our businesses to higher growth categories and reducing our exposure to nondigital categories
that have declined in recent years.

Today, I wanted to spend a moment addressing some of our progress against our targeted digital
battlegrounds, including IoT, digital engineering and cloud. Our IoT business has scaled rapidly and
revenues are now expected to exceed $600 million in 2021, almost twice the size of what it was in 2019.
Cognizant was recently ranked #1 in the managed IoT services category in ISG's 2021 IoT services
evaluation for both the U.S. and Europe.

Our digital engineering business is now at a $1.2 billion annual run rate, growing 30%, making it one of
the largest digital engineering businesses in the world. In June, Cognizant was named a leader in Everest
Group's PEAK Matrix for Software Product Engineering Services 2021 Report.

We've also made tremendous headway in our cloud business. Seven of our acquisitions over the past
18 months have been cloud-related. As you may know, Gartner in its Magic Quadrant for public cloud
infrastructure managed services providers, elevated Cognizant from a niche provider player in 2018
to challenger in 2019 and to leader in 2020. We now have 3 cloud-focused business groups: one for
Microsoft, another for AWS, and a third most recently for Google, each supported by specialized cloud
experts and solution architects.

For example, we've been recently engaged with Microsoft's industry clouds in areas like financial services,
health care and retail. In the past 2 years, thanks to our ongoing market momentum, the acquisitions of
New Signature, Contino and 10th Magnitude and the formation of our Microsoft business group, we have
meaningfully changed the ranking to become one of Microsoft's leading global system integrator partners.
Our commitment to the partnership and focus on technical intensity is demonstrated by more than 100%
year-over-year growth in our Microsoft cloud certifications.

Our success in expanding our portfolio has not only made us more competitive, but has encouraged more
clients to engage us to execute their transformation agendas. This positions us to take full advantage
of our client base by enabling us to upsell and cross-sell in our existing accounts, and enables us to get
new logos by leading with digital. For example, Gilead Sciences selected us to lead a body of work related
to IT business transformation as well as development of an enhanced security and compliance posture.
We will utilize our deep life science industry knowledge augmented by recent acquisitions like Zenith
Technologies and collaborative solutions, along with our proprietary legacy modernization framework and
robust automation capabilities to support this work. Our aim is to accelerate the company's technology
transformation and further enhance its digital capabilities.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28,
2021

In another example, given our advanced capabilities in digital automotive, engineering, R&D and smart
connected mobility, Qualcomm Technologies, one of the world's foremost semiconductor and connectivity
solutions companies, turned to us to build a reliable cloud-agnostic connected vehicle management
solution. The aim of this integrated platform is to connect vehicular onboard applications, manage car-to-
cloud operations and work across nearly every OEM vehicle platform and its cloud infrastructure.

Lastly, building exceptional digital experiences is of increasing importance to clients who sometimes
struggle to connect the dots between the experience itself and the underlying business functions. With our
extended portfolio, we're now able to orchestrate software, data, platforms and programs to transform
high-value interactions into personalized experiences that drive business results. A great example of this is
how we're now partnering with NBC to reimagine their customer experience, creating direct-to-consumer
commerce strategies, driving attendance to their theme parks and supporting their marquee event to
2021 Summer Olympic Games.

In closing, I've been in the CEO role now for more than 2 years, and I see a new Cognizant taking shape.
Our solution portfolio is stronger than at any time in our history. This has changed the way clients and
partners perceive us and helps us deliver differentiated business outcomes. We are bullish on the industry
and our prospects within it. We are well positioned to capitalize on digital transformation market trends,
which are accelerating, and we have an enormous opportunity in our international markets. But we are
in one of the hottest job markets in many years, and expect elevated attrition to remain a factor across
the industry in the coming quarters. Our recruitment and skilling programs, as well as targeted actions
to offset margin headwinds stemming from the industry's talent shortage, provide us confidence in our
outlook for the year.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Jan, who will cover the details of the quarter and our financial outlook
before we take your questions. With that, over to you, Jan.

Jan Siegmund
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. Our Q2 revenue was $4.6 billion, representing growth
of approximately 15% or 12% in constant currency. Revenue was $125 million above the high end of our
guidance range, driven by continued demand for digital, which grew 20% and represented 44% of total
revenues. Year-over-year revenue growth also includes approximately 390 basis points of growth from our
recent acquisitions and benefited from an easier compare to Q2 2020, where our revenues were impacted
in the early months of the pandemic and by the ransomware attack in April 2020.

Moving on to segment results, where all growth rates provided will be year-over-year in constant currency.
Financial Services revenue increased approximately 5%, in line with our expectations. We continue to
make progress as we reposition this business and observed a strong improvement in the pipeline. We still
expect the paced recovery through the remainder of the year.

Healthcare revenue increased approximately 13%, again, driven by strong performance in both our health
care payer and life sciences businesses. Revenue growth within our Healthcare business was primarily
organic, and we continue to see strong demand for our integrated payer software solutions and improving
fundamentals in our provider business. As Brian mentioned, we remain very pleased with the growth in
our life sciences business.

Products and Resources revenue increased approximately 18%, driven by the fifth consecutive quarter
of double-digit growth in manufacturing, logistics, energy and utilities. Segment growth included
approximately 600 basis points from inorganic revenue. As Brian mentioned, we also experienced growth
in retail consumer goods and travel and hospitality, driven in part by the lapping of the prepandemic
conveyors. There are early signs of stabilization within these sectors most impacted by the pandemic, but
we continue to monitor closely.

Communications, Media and Technology revenue grew 18%, of which approximately half of the growth
was attributable to recent acquisitions. This growth was partially offset by a negative 190 basis points

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28,
2021

impact from our exit of certain portions to our content services business. Overall, we are very pleased with
the growth of our core portfolio.

Now moving on to margins. In Q2, our GAAP and adjusted operating margin were both 15.2%. On a year-
over-year basis, adjusted operating margin improved approximately 110 basis points, primarily reflecting
the savings from our cost initiatives in 2020 and the impact from the pandemic and ransomware attack
in Q2 2020. This year-over-year benefit was offset in part by SG&A investments, including those intended
to drive and support organic revenue growth as well as the negative impact on margin on our recently
completed acquisitions and costs related to the modernization of our IT core and security infrastructure.
In addition, we anticipate continued cost pressure from our elevated attrition, which includes higher
recruiting costs, lateral higher wages and subcontractor costs.

Our GAAP tax rate in the quarter was 26.5% and our adjusted tax rate was 25.4%, in line with our
expectations. Diluted GAAP EPS was $0.97 and adjusted diluted EPS was $0.99.

Now turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $1.9
billion or $1.2 billion net of debt. Free cash flow in Q2 was $466 million. This included a payment from
the settlement with 2 of the 3 customers that were part of the proposed customer engagement exit we
announced in our fourth quarter 2020 earnings. Excluding this onetime payment, free cash flow would
have been approximately 100% of net income. The payments made this quarter were in line with our prior
expectations and resulted in no impact to our earnings in Q2. Overall, we were pleased with the outcome
of the settlement, which includes a continued commercial relationship with both customers. Negotiations
with the third client are ongoing and constructive.

DSO of 71 days increased by 1 day sequentially and has improved from 77 days in the prior year
period. During the quarter, we repurchased 4 million shares for $296 million at a weighted average
price of approximately $74 per share. At the end of June, we had $2.3 billion remaining under our share
repurchase authorization. We also spent cash of approximately $350 million on acquisitions and $127
million for our regular quarterly dividend.

Turning to guidance. For Q3, we expect revenue in the range of $4.69 billion to $4.74 billion, representing
year-over-year growth of 10.6% to 11.6% or 10% to 11% in constant currency. Our guidance assumes
currency will have a favorable 60 basis points impact and inorganic contribution of approximately 320
basis points.

For the full year, we now expect revenue of $18.4 billion to $18.5 billion, representing 10.2% to 11.2%
growth or 9% to 10% in constant currency. This compares to our prior guidance of 7% to 9% growth as
reported or 5.5% to 7.5% in constant currency. Our outlook assumes currency will have a favorable 120
basis points impact and includes approximately 320 basis points contribution from inorganic revenue. Our
outlook assumes continued momentum across Healthcare, CMT, and Products and Resources, while we
continue to expect a paced recovery in Financial Services over the next couple of quarters.

Moving on to margins. We expect full year adjusted operating margin to be approximately 15.4%, the
midpoint of our prior guidance of 15.2% to 15.7%. As I mentioned earlier, elevated attrition is leading
to increased costs in certain areas. We are also continuing to fund investments in our people, including
compensation, quarterly promotions, retention and training. We expect these costs will weigh on our
results for the next several quarters as management remains keenly focused on addressing our high
attrition levels through a comprehensive set of initiatives.

We continue to expect SG&A growth for the remainder of the year, driven in part by the impact from
our M&A activity. However, we are slowing the pace of growth in some areas not directly related to
our strategic initiatives to mitigate some of this cost pressure. This leads to our full year adjusted EPS
guidance, which is $4 to $4.06 compared to $3.90 to $4.02 previously.

Our full year outlook assumes interest income of $25 million to $30 million compared to $20 million to
$30 million previously. Our outlook assumes average shares outstanding of approximately 528 million
compared to 530 million previously and a tax rate of 25% to 26%, which is unchanged from our prior
outlook.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28,
2021

Finally, we continue to expect free cash flow will represent approximately 100% of net income for the full
year. We remain committed to our balanced capital deployment strategy and returning at least 50% of
free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.

Before opening the call for questions, I wanted to let you know that we are planning to hold an investor
briefing in the fall, during which Brian and I will provide a review of our strategy and an update on our
progress over the last 2 years. We will also provide our multiyear financial framework. Please keep an eye
out and save the date in the coming weeks.
With that, we will open the call for your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28,
2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

A follow-up question, as I'm sure you'll get 20 of them, related to the attrition and headcount dynamics.
One, maybe, Jan, can you just elaborate on what gives you confidence in your ability to expand margins in
the second half of the year while you're still sort of battling through this attrition environment? Like -- so
for example, are you -- given the high demand environment, are you able to take price, et cetera? Just a
little bit more color there.

And then I'll just ask my second one, kind of related, it's just around employee health. I'm just wondering
like how employee satisfaction is faring at Cognizant. I know that's something that you watch pretty
closely. So what's your confidence level in being able to bring attrition down over the next couple of
quarters?

Jan Siegmund
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thank you, Lisa, and somehow I anticipated questions around our margin guidance being of interest.
It's a complex situation, Lisa, in that we have actually quite a few dynamics going on that impact the
margin dynamic for the second half. And so you're rightly concluded that for the second half, we are
expecting really, on average, margin development around 15.6% to meet our midpoint of our guidance.
And as you're also aware, we have a little bit of a quarterly dynamic towards the year-end. So margins
in the third quarter, we're thinking, are going to be slightly higher than towards the fourth quarter due to
typical end-of-season dynamics, including the merit increase that will fully filter in the fourth quarter when
we administer and implement the merit thing. So that's kind of all the general margin dynamic.

What we have seen, I want to point out a few other elements of the margin dynamic. We have seen, in
this quarter, a fairly healthy margin dynamic on the gross margin side, and we reported a shift in our
digital revenue mix, which comes actually with higher gross margin than our traditional business, which
is part of the strategic rationale of why we are, of course, engaging in the transformation of the business.
And that margin effect was accelerated. Actually, we shifted share, but we also improved that relative
margin in our second quarter.

So we anticipate to continue to have some benefit from that mix shift also in the second half. And then,
of course, we see pressure from the compensation measures coming into our P&L. And we're offsetting
that by controlling the growth of certain SG&A components that have been growing kind of lively, I would
say, too, and bring that more to a controlled or flattish outcome towards the end of the year. And so it's
a number of factors that we have to keenly execute in order to keep, of course, the overall structure of
our P&L in place, but that's the principal dynamic that we are following. And I hand over the employee
engagement question to Brian.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Thanks, Jan. Hi, Lisa. Look, it's very much top of mind. As you can imagine, voluntary attrition in the
quarter was 29%. But on a trailing 12-month basis, which is more how the industry tends to look at it,
it was 18%. And we've seen primarily the attrition in the more junior levels of the organization or mid-
levels in India, but it's also a global phenomenon. It's really one of the hottest markets we've seen or our
team has seen over the last 10-plus years. So we're all dealing with it. As it happens in the last month,
we had the results of our annual engagement survey. We're actually very pleased with our results. They're
at or above, in many cases, industry benchmarks. I'm really pleased to see the delivery organization,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28,
2021

engagement scores are actually above the company average, and they're very much as a total company in
the same range as where we've been from 2016 and beyond.

Last year, we actually had a particularly strong year, as many companies did, because of the pandemic
when people were pleased when they had secure jobs or whatnot. So from one perspective, I feel very,
very good about it. But in the same vein, of course, I don't feel very good about the attrition. And so
that's top of mind, and it's got a lot of management focus.

I'm pleased that we executed well in the quarter. We exceeded our revenue guidance despite elevated
attrition, but my great hope is, over time, we can reduce attrition and yet continue to hire at the pace we
have been hiring at, which is something we're very pleased with. The throughput of our recruitment team
has been terrific. So what are we doing to reduce attrition and to continue to drive employee engagement
is the next obvious question.

Well, look, annual merit-based increases have been announced here in the last few weeks. They're
effective October 1. That's on top of a whole host of ad hoc measures we played through in the course
of the last year: out-of-cycle increases, promotion, retention dollars. We've announced a shift in the last
few months to quarterly promotion cycles for billable resources. We've really fast-tracked job rotations
and reskilling initiatives across the company, then a host of things with Cognizant Academy, which is our
training capability, as well as higher education programs for select employees as well. And we've put an
enormous effort behind our employee value proposition, celebrating delivery success, big wins, et cetera.
So more work to be done, but I'm confident we're doing the right things.

And as I said, while I'm pleased we executed through at this quarter, the reality is 15% revenue growth
this quarter also gives the organization a little bit of energy that, look, growth is coming back and with
growth comes good things in terms of career path opportunities, rotations and promotions and whatnot.
So I'm sure today's top line story will help a lot of employees feel better, and we'll keep doing all the other
things we're doing.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citibank.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Good quarter, guys. I wanted to follow up also on attrition. Could you talk a little bit more about what you
expect for 3Q, 4Q attrition? And what's been the client feedback in the face of the situation?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

So look, from my perspective, the first thing I would think about our associates and our clients, and you
can't be client-centric unless you're associate-centric. And so as we start thinking about this, of course, it
gets into how we engage our clients and how we think about the demand signal that will help us facilitate
the right resources at the right time. Communication is important in a time like this, setting appropriate
expectations regarding resource availability time lines. Entity prioritization, Ashwin, as you can imagine,
getting the right resources on our most strategic accounts is very much top of mind and part of our
execution rigor we do now on a day in, day out basis.

Regrettably, we just -- despite growing 15% in the quarter, we're yet unable to meet the full expectations
of our own potential and what is out there in the market. So we're working through that as best we
can and doing our best, as I said, to minimize attrition, whilst at the same time to maximize employee
engagement and to maximize onboarding.

As I said in my remarks, we'll bring on about 100,000 lateral hires this year alone. We'll train about
100,000 people, and we'll onboard about 30,000 freshers and we'll make offers to 45,000 freshers.
Regardless of our attrition rate, we will still go through with those numbers because there is enough
market demand for us to get after that opportunity. And that's what we're quite excited about. I think the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28,
2021

portfolio is more compelling than ever before, and we've made huge progress in the last year to get after
that market opportunity. So we're feeling pretty good about that. But it's a hot market, and I think you've
heard that through the earnings cycle. So we're all dealing with the same problem.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin with Cowen.

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I'll just ask 2 upfront here. So as it relates to bookings and the growing commercial momentum you
called out, can you comment on how well distributed the bookings contribution has been across the sales
force? So how much of your sales force would you say is optimized and converting versus those that are
still building pipeline and will convert over the balance of this year into next? And then just to clarify on
attrition, have you continued to see the trend of declining resignations month-to-month?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Well, I'll deal with that first. Look, we look at net resignations. It went through -- actually, at the end of
last quarter, we thought we'd hit an apex and then it went up modestly, but it's -- we're expecting, and it's
inherent in our guidance, elevated attritions to remain in the coming quarter, and we'll see what happens
thereafter. It's a very -- as you can imagine, a hot market out there, and so it's very difficult to call. I
think we're doing the right things to mitigate that. But rest assured, these levels of attrition and slightly
beyond our inner guidance.

With regards to bookings, look, I feel really good about our bookings, to be very honest. It's important
to look at bookings not just on a weekly or a quarterly basis, but really on a trailing 12-month basis. And
now we have rounded that 1-year period, so we have a good book-to-bill ratio over the last 12 months of
1.2x, which I think is very, very healthy.

We look at it in terms of geographic. We look at it in terms of business mix. We look at it in terms of new
and expansion versus renewals. And it's pretty solid across the board. And the pipeline is solid across the
board as well. So I feel good about the market opportunity. Candidly, I don't think demand is the problem
for this industry. I think it's a great time to be in services. It's more of a supply constraint at this moment
in time.

With regard to the sales, our commercial teams we brought on board. Look, they're ramping. I don't think
we have full productivity. At this stage, we've got a lot of exercises underway to make sure we get true
gearing ratios. But in the same vein, I feel as though we've got a client-facing team now that is better able
to walk the corridors if and when we get back from COVID, virtually for now, and to cross-sell the entire
portfolio.

And if you think about our installed base, it's a huge asset for us and the opportunity is real. About 4 out
of 10, or 40%, of our accounts, we only sell 1 of our practices into those, and we have 10-plus practices.
So think about cross-sell as a huge opportunity for us. And of course, the M&A that we have conducted
in the last 2 years, which is 100% aligned to our digital strategy, enables that cross-sell more than ever
before. And indeed, cross-sell is core to the business case of those acquisitions.

So we're pretty excited about what we can do there, both in terms of our installed base, which, of course,
is a big priority for us. But we also have opportunity through this extended portfolio to get after new
logos. And the Qualcomm example I cited in my script is a good example of that, where we're leading with
digital. And accordingly, we'll try and cross-sell the nondigital business as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois with DeepDive Equity Research.

Rod Bourgeois

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28,
2021

DeepDive Equity Research

Hey, Brian, so when you consider your pipeline and your inorganic growth plan going forward, are you in
a position to further substantially increase your digital mix over the next year? I'd love any color to help
dimension the remaining mix shift potential over the next year or so, that would be really helpful.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Yes. Hey, Rob. So as you know very well, one of our biggest priorities when I joined the company was to
accelerate our digital mix. It was 28% or less than 30%, certainly at the end of 2018 for the year. And it's
been very much part and parcel of what we're setting out to achieve. It's 44% of our mix today.

Candidly, a numerator denominator comes into play. We actually had very good success this quarter,
driving growth as well in our nondigital business, which has declined in 2019 and 2020. So candidly, that
has slowed the digital mix ramping further, the share growth of nondigital this quarter.

But overall, the digital business will continue to grow. I'd like to think as we get to the latter part of this
year, we'll be up closer to 50%, and it will start becoming a bigger portion of our overall business over
time. That's important for us because: a, it helps us be exposed to higher growth categories; but b, it
increases our intimacy with the broader C-suite in our installed base of accounts, and that enables us to
sell beyond the CTO organization into the CMO into the line of service leader, et cetera.

Of the accounts that we have added in the first half of this year versus the first half of last year, the
vast majority of the bookings exactly in what we would term digital. So Rod, that mix shift to digital will
continue, and I'm pretty optimistic that we'll continue to see a nice ramp there. That is not just good for
revenue or client intimacy, it's actually also very good for our margin rate as a company as well. So we
feel as though we're doing the right things. Our M&A strategy is 100% behind this, and it puts us in a
position to actually get after our installed base to cross-sell and upsell and actually get new logos and
really become a challenger in the digital arena.

Jan Siegmund
Chief Financial Officer

Rod, if I add one comment on the dynamic of the digital organic revenue growth, we very carefully
monitor the organic growth that our M&A is generating within itself, but also, of course, as a cross-sell into
our client base, and we have seen a very robust organic growth from that portfolio that is kind of, in most
cases, meeting our business case assumptions. So we're very pleased that actually, the shift is not only
of M&A, it's not only adding the incremental acquired revenues to the portfolio, but that portfolio also is
accelerating and growing faster than the average in its growth trajectory.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

And Rod, I meant to -- you explicitly asked around the pipeline. Look, the digital pipeline has grown at
multiples of the nondigital pipeline. And actually, our win rates in digital are higher than our win rates in
nondigital. So there's a lot of good leading indicators.

Rod Bourgeois
DeepDive Equity Research

Great. And Jan, you kind of read my mind. My follow-up was related to the acquisitions. And looking for
an update on your progress in being able to cross-sell the newly acquired offerings into your existing
accounts, that's a muscle that tends to take time to develop. So maybe just give us some thinking on
where you are in that journey? Are you well into that journey? Or is there still some juice left on the cross-
selling into existing accounts with these newly acquired capabilities that you have?

Jan Siegmund
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28,
2021

I would say we're still in the early and mid-parts of our journey. We made really good outcomes happen
for acquisitions that have examples where we haven't even closed the acquisition. We started to think
about cross-selling the product already prior to the close, so there's plenty of excitement in our sales force
to bring these solutions to our clients. And as we now focus to fully integrate this acquired portfolio of
digital capabilities into the fold of Cognizant, many other benefits of pipeline management will become
easier, the learning for the acquired companies will grow, so I'm optimistic that we will continue to reap
really good benefits out of the M&A regarding to the organic growth that they are generating, which is
what I'm really keenly focused on.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman with BMO Capital Markets.

Bradley Reiss Clark
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

This is Brad Clark on for Keith. I would like to ask if there was any way to quantify either the impact or
size of the planned wage increases for employees. And then secondly, given ongoing employee and market
pressure on margin throughout the remainder of the year, how do you view future M&A strategy compared
to the past 12 to 18 months? Is the pace of M&A sustainable? What are your views on that going forward?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Jan?

Jan Siegmund
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, thank you for your question. We don't disclose really the elements of our compensation moves
externally, so I can't help you with that. It is clearly reflecting the market dynamics. We are orienting
our compensation, obviously, on market data and reflect -- our compensation moves really reflect an
assessment about keeping Cognizant a competitive employer and recruiter in the marketplace. And we are
very pleased actually with that.

The ability to attract associates into the Cognizant family is great. We've been ranked in a variety of
publications as really employer of choice, and particularly, in the critical market of India for us. So it will
feather through country-specific and market-oriented based on wage developments in those countries.

On the M&A program, we just talked about, I think, at the end of last year, about a capital allocation
framework for the company, which about -- dedicates 50% of our cash flow to M&A for a reminder,
about 25% used to offset the dilution of our equity compensation and 25% for dividends. And we use
this framework not to position, but as a really good framework for us to execute our strategy. So going
forward, I'm anticipating to spend within the range of that capital allocation framework to support the
execution of our strategy.

We remain focused in that M&A program on our strategic objectives and focus on our digital battlegrounds.
You have seen in some of the acquisitions in the beginning of this year, that we may have, and it's with
few transactions, hard to describe the trend, but there is a keen focus on executing and using the strategy
also to help the globalization of Cognizant.

And so you have seen with Servian earlier in the year, an acquisition in the Australian marketplace. We
acquired ESG Mobility in the fatherland, my home country, which I was very happy about, really a leading
provider on the Internet of Things, IoT, with keen leadership positions in the automotive sector. So there is
more geographic diversion still needed for us. And so we'll adapt as we make progress on the positioning
of our practices and our industry groups to the needs of the strategy. And so this is a long answer for you,
but yes, we anticipate to continue our acquisition-driven strategy execution.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28,
2021

Our next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'll mix it up and ask about TriZetto. I think I heard that your repositioning is driving better growth,
double digits. I was a little surprised by that. I'm curious, can you elaborate on that? What are you doing
differently? And could this kind of change be extended or apply it to other areas as well?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

So our product business in Healthcare, Tien-Tsin, is something that we inherited through the TriZetto
acquisition at the end of 2014. To be very honest, I think we didn't execute the integration of that
optimally. And in the last few years, we've really tried to get after that opportunity because I think it's a
crown jewel that I felt we could do a better job on.

And so starting with that, we got off to the road map that we had, tried to understand, solicit customer
feedback to make sure we had something that in the eyes of clients was in line with their needs that
the user interface and the code was appropriate and fit for purpose. And in the meantime, we had some
competitors that had emerged that frankly, I didn't think had the right to beat us given our heritage in this
space. Fortunately, now, we've had 3 quarters in a row of double-digit growth in the product business.

And as I said, our growth in 2020 versus 2019 doubled, and we're on track to double growth rate year-
over-year again and we're getting some fantastic logos. And this is a great business in itself. It's software-
centric, higher margins. But of course, the stickiness of that enables us to pull through a rich services
suite thereafter. So the team has done a fantastic job. I view it as highly strategic for us, and we're 100%
committed to that business, and you'll see us scale in that over time.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. No, it's encouraging to hear. I'll ask quickly, if you don't mind, just on the supply side, just with
more lateral hires. Can we just infer that's indicative of more digital work, so you need to go out there and
grab some of the lateral hires? Or is it just purely out of necessity, given what you said about demand and
the timing of university hiring or maybe more work needs to be done on the training side to meet the type
of work that needs to be done? I'm just trying to understand what's structural versus cyclical there.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

If you think about the lateral hires, it's really with a view to doing 2 things. One is addressing the attrition
that we have and also getting after the market potential that we see. And so you go back to where is
attrition greatest, it's at the mid-junior levels of the pyramid, particularly in India. But it's also in hot skills.
And if you think about hot skills, think about hyperscalers, think about leading SaaS players, think about
digital engineering, full stack engineers or across data, AI and ML.

And so you find yourself in a situation where you've got a demand-supply imbalance, and that's an area as
well where we're also going after lateral skills and trying to get them in as quickly as we can, whilst also
trying to train and promote our internal employees as well. So it's a race for talent in a red hot market.
And I anticipate, given how bullish I am in the market, and my sense is we'll have a resilient services, the
main feature for the foreseeable future, I anticipate elevated attrition across the industry.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of James Friedman with SIG.

Unknown Analyst

This is Mike on for Jamie. So my first one, can you guys talk a little bit about your updated perspective on
5G? And this quarter with CMT growing so well, has 5G offered any tailwinds there?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28,
2021

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Look, from my perspective, 5G is still in its very early days, both in terms of asset -- handset proliferation
and the use cases that probably, given the need for latency security and other considerations, will be more
B2B or B2B2B rather than B2C. I don't think B2C is a huge inflection point for the telco industry, albeit
many people will talk about it to justify CapEx outlays.

With regards to our CMT industry vertical, it has not been a major driver of the business to date. We're
very intrigued around autonomous driving. As Jan said, we acquired ESG Mobility in Germany. We've got
a big emphasis on the automotive vertical and indeed on the CMT vertical, but 5G has not been a massive
factor to date. I think IoT will be unlocked by the benefits of 5G and different cellular technologies, but it's
premature at this stage.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley.

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. I wanted to ask on pricing. I mean you touched a bit on that earlier. But how has pricing trended
in the quarter, particularly given some of the pure commentary around pricing stability? And I guess
what we're really trying to get at is are you able to pass on some of the wage costs? And how are clients
responding to that?

Jan Siegmund
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. We have observed pricing trends by segment. And I implied in my comments that we have been
expanding our gross margins on the digital business, and we have seen an ability to the tight labor
market, allowing us to get good pricing for our services. We see also continued pricing pressure in the
more traditional services that we have been talking about in past quarters, where clients are seeking
additional cost benefit, and that pricing pressure in those more traditional type of services haven't
changed at this point in time.

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And just on digital quickly. We're big believers in your acquisition strategy, and I appreciate the early color
around digital battlegrounds. But are there any digital battlegrounds where you're currently under-indexed
relative to the demand that you're seeing that you could take a better advantage of?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Hey, James, this is Brian, I'll address that. Look, the digital arena more holistically for us, it goes well
beyond the 4 digital battlegrounds that I focused on when we joined, which were notably around cloud,
around digital engineering, around applications and IoT and data and analytics, rather.

The -- if you think about other areas that are not included in those so-called battlegrounds, things like
digital experience continue to grow rapidly for us, and I'm very optimistic that, that becomes a core
part of the sale, the whole user experience as you think about digital workflows. So it's broad-based.
Digital engineering is something we prioritize. It's growing rapidly. As I said, it's one of our biggest growth
potential units in the years ahead. Something that has scaled meaningfully in the last 2 years, and we're
now one of the largest digital engineering companies in the world.

We've complemented our capabilities with the acquisition of Softvision in 2018, and then in more recent
years, Magenic and Tin Roof. I just feel very good about our potential there, but more broadly, there's
just a lot of demand in this arena, and I just feel good about our potential because we're scaling, it's

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28,
2021

still a smaller portion of our mix. The more we scale, the higher company average CAGR. And as Jan has
implied, it's good for our margin rate as well. So we're full speed ahead after the digital opportunity.

Tyler J. Scott
Senior Director of Investor Relations

All right. I think with that, we'll wrap it up. Thank you, everybody, for joining, and look forward to
speaking with everyone next quarter.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Thank you.

Operator
This concludes today's Cognizant Technology Solutions Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. Enjoy the rest of your day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28,
2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

