Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation 
NasdaqGS:CTSH
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, February 05, 2020 10:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.04

1.07

2.88

0.96

3.97

3.99

0.50

4.13

4228.83

4284.00

1.30

4203.57

16726.00

16783.00

0.34

17248.98

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-05-2020 1:55 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.04

0.92

1.05

1.04

0.91

0.94

1.08

1.07

(12.50 %)

2.17 %

2.86 %

2.88 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05,
2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Karen A. McLoughlin
Chief Financial Officer

Katie Royce
Global Head of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Edward Stephen Caso
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Moshe Katri
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research
Division

Rod Bourgeois
DeepDive Equity Research

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05,
2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Cognizant Technology Solutions Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

And I will now turn the conference over to Katie Royce, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go
ahead, Katie.

Katie Royce
Global Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. By now, you should have received a copy of the earnings
release for the company's fourth quarter 2019 results. If you have not, a copy is available on our website,
cognizant.com. The speakers we have on today's call are Brian Humphries, Chief Executive Officer; and
Karen McLoughlin, Chief Financial Officer.

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the comments made on today's call and some of
the responses to your questions may contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to
the risks and uncertainties as described in the company's earnings release and other filings with the SEC.

Additionally, during our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe
provide useful information for our investors. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures, where
appropriate, to the corresponding GAAP measures can be found in the company's earnings release and
other filings with the SEC.

With that, I'd now like to turn this call over to Brian Humphries. Please go ahead, Brian.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Thank you, Katie. Good afternoon, everybody. As I stated on prior calls, Cognizant is in the midst of a
multiyear project whose aim is to reposition the company to realize its full growth potential. And today, I'd
like to briefly cover our Q4 performance and then turn our attention to 2020.

After a challenging start to 2019, we're seeing higher levels of engagement from our leaders and optimism
as we rally behind client centricity and revenue growth. We're making progress, but there's more work to
do in the quarters ahead. Q4 revenue grew 4.2% year-over-year in constant currency with $4.28 billion.
Non-GAAP EPS was $1.07, and we delivered strong cash flow.

Macro demand remained stable but challenging. There is a distinction between traditional work versus
digital. Legacy services are subject to meaningful pricing pressure at renewals, competition and, indeed,
in-sourcing. Meanwhile, clients continue to invest in digital to become modern, data-enabled, customer-
centric and differentiated businesses. These trends are set to continue through our strategic posture, and
operational and financial initiatives are aligned to address this market reality.

On a geographic basis, Q4 revenue in North America grew 3.1% year-over-year, while revenue in our
growth markets region grew 7.4% in constant currency. In both geographies, we are determined to
accelerate growth. But the opportunity is especially significant in our international business where we
remain underpenetrated and we must do better.

From an industry segment view, in Q4, Financial Services global revenue grew 1.5% year-over-year in
constant currency. Both banking and insurance were weak throughout 2019. Full year insurance revenue
growth slowed primarily due to a modest decline in North America, albeit with a return in the second
half of the year where we saw growth in Q3 and indeed Q4 year-over-year. In banking, we continued to
see particular weakness in capital markets and commercial banking, offset by growth in payments and
retail, with retail having benefited from the Samlink deal. Both global accounts and local accounts declined

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05,
2020

for the full year. North America performance, while still declining, has been improving throughout the
year, and we see that trend continuing. Europe remains weak with some macro uncertainty and some
Cognizant-specific issues.

In Healthcare, we reversed 2 quarters of decline with constant currency growth of 1.8% year-over-year.
I remain pleased with our performance in life sciences, which delivered double-digit growth. However,
this was offset by ongoing declines in our health care vertical, which continues to be impacted by contract
renegotiations at some of our largest clients, following industry consolidation and by in-sourcing at a large
client.

Our other 2 segments, Products and Resources and Communications, Media and Technology, posted
high single-digit revenue growth in constant currency year-over-year, down from double digits in prior
quarters. Revenue growth in the technology segment slowed meaningfully in the quarter, following our
recent announcement to exit a subset of the content services business over the coming quarters. Later in
our call, Karen will take you through the details of the quarter.

Let's now turn to 2020, including executing the recommendations of the transformation office as they
relate to strategy, operating and commercial models, our cost base and more. We enter 2020 with a two-
pronged strategy that aims to expose Cognizant to faster-growing market categories. The first element
is to protect and optimize our core business while scaling internationally. The second part is to invest to
compete and win in 4 key digital battlegrounds: data, digital engineering, cloud and IoT.

Our strategy leverages our technology services heritage whilst accelerating our position in digital where
our brand recognition and commercial momentum can improve. This strategy resonates well with our
clients who've always cited our strength in the run and operations side, who want us to further strengthen
our digital portfolio to assist them in their innovation agenda.

We're determined to help our clients become fully digital, data-enabled, customer-centric businesses. We
will continue to use M&A to execute this strategy. This week, we announced 2 acquisitions focused on
expanding our cloud capabilities. On Monday, we announced the acquisition of Code Zero Consulting, a
firm that specializes in helping companies digitally transform by providing strategy, implementation and
migration capabilities to evolve legacy systems to cloud-based, configure price quote and billing system.
And earlier today, we announced that we've entered into exclusive negotiations to acquire the French
operations of EI-Technologies, a Paris-based, privately-held digital technology consulting firm.

Cloud has changed the way that IT is delivered across infrastructure applications and platforms. Both of
these acquisitions are Salesforce Platinum partners and will help us build upon one of our most strategic
and fastest-growing practices. In addition, in Q4, we closed our previously announced acquisition of
Contino, a leading consultancy that specializes in enterprise DevOps methodologies and advanced data
platforms.

The transformation office also recommended changes to our operating and commercial model. After
months of detailed analysis, on January 1, we implemented a series of measures to accelerate our
commercial momentum as part of our sales transformation initiative. These include: a new customer
segmentation that prioritizes account and ensures we get the right resources on the right accounts at
the right time, new sales compensation plans that reward overperformance encourage greater upsell and
cross-sell in our existing accounts and increase our focus on new logos and the alignment of our specialist
sales teams to our service line to increase our subject matter expertise by key practices.

To date, I'm pleased with what we've seen in our sales force initiative. We have renewed energy, and our
win rates continue to improve. Our previously announced hiring of 500 revenue-generating associates is
on track and in line with modeled assumptions. In addition to these 500, we plan to double the number
of associates supporting our most strategic alliances with all 3 leading hyperscale companies and SaaS
vendors.

Complementing these commercial changes, our recently appointed Chief Marketing Officer has been
working diligently to better align our marketing spend to a growth priority. This includes strengthening
our point of view by industry segment, improving targeting via account-based marketing and digitizing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05,
2020

our customer engagement strategy. Our marketing spend will increase in 2020 as we aim to support our
revenue aspiration and better position Cognizant as a leader in digital.

In parallel, we've also worked to simplify the organization, empowering our client partners for speed of
execution and account P&L ownership and clarifying responsibilities and decision rights for all roles across
the sales life cycle. To ensure we have the right digital skills in a supply constrained environment, we've
doubled our investments in Cognizant Academy in 2020 to reskill and redeploy talent towards our digital
imperative. To accelerate our digital momentum, we believe we need to hire or reskill approximately
25,000 resources in 2020 alone, and we started to operationalize this.

Finally, as we make these investments in automation, training, marketing and sales, we've been diligently
reducing our cost structure to ensure we can be fit for growth. Karen will bring you through the details of
our restructuring program later in the call.

Engagement and confidence are essential in a people business. Therefore, we've been energetically
communicating and contextualizing the reasons for the changes we're going through and engaging the
organization to rally everyone behind our goal. I'm pleased to see the mood in the company continue to
pick up, both at an executive level and throughout the broader organization. Our annualized attrition rate
fell 3 points sequentially to 21%. Some of this can be accounted for by normal seasonality, so the fact
that voluntary attrition rates declined year-over-year is actually even more encouraging. Of course, as
we execute our restructuring program, we will remain diligent and stay focused on increasing employee
engagement and reducing attrition.

We also recognize that we need to rally the organization behind a common purpose that goes beyond
financial returns. We've therefore spent a great deal of time in recent months defining a compelling
company purpose statement, which will serve as our north star that guides and inspires us to make the
right strategic move in the years ahead. We've also refined our company's values and behaviors that
define what will be celebrated and tolerated. We will unveil this to the broader organization in the coming
months.

We're determined to stay true to the heart and soul of our company. And having recently attended our
annual global planning summit, one held in Dallas, the other in Dubai, where the executive team and I
spoke to thousands of associates around the company's strategy and expectations for 2020, I can tell
you that I came away from these summits filled with optimism about our collective ability to move the
company forward.

Let me conclude by saying that after a challenging first quarter, we've become a more focused,
determined and confident company as we move through 2019. There's a great deal of urgency in
Cognizant these days. It starts with me. Any distractions we've had are now behind us. Our team is
energized by the clarity of our strategy, the magnitude of the market opportunity, our renewed client
centricity and our increased employee value proposition focus.

While our hard work in the past year will serve us well in 2020, there remains some important areas that
require progress in the years ahead. Pricing in our heritage business continues to pressure gross margin.
We have efforts underway to address renewal pricing strategy as well as our cost of delivery efficiency,
including pyramid management, automation and other measures. Meanwhile, as more work shifts to
project-based digital engagements, we are implementing refinements in our digital pricing strategy and
continuing to optimize resource planning and allocation.

The leadership team and I are fully aware that we have a multiyear project ahead of us, and we are united
in our resolve to work with rigor and tenacity to achieve our goals and once again make Cognizant the
industry bellwether.

Before I turn the call over to Karen, I want to acknowledge a Cognizant co-founder, former CEO and long-
time director. Frank D'Souza had let us know of his plan to resign from Cognizant Board of Directors
effective March 31. Along with his remarkable track record of success as Cognizant's CEO for a dozen
years, Frank has served with distinction on Cognizant's Board since 2007 and Vice Chairman since June
30, 2019. On behalf of the entire Board, I want to extend our deep gratitude to Frank for his pioneering

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05,
2020

leadership and quarter-century of dedication to Cognizant. Today, we also announced that Vinita Bali will
be joining our Board of Directors later this month. I look forward to her contributions and partnership.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Karen who will give you an update on our operational and financial
performance as well as a view of how we see the year ahead. Karen?

Karen A. McLoughlin
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. For the full year 2019, revenue increased to $16.8 billion
and represented growth of 4.1% year-over-year or 5.2% in constant currency. Fourth quarter revenue of
$4.3 billion was above the high end of our guided range and represented growth of 3.8% year-over-year
or 4.2% in constant currency. The revenue outperformance versus guidance was broad-based across our
industry. Digital revenue continues to grow above 20% year-over-year and represented approximately
38% of total revenues for the quarter.

Moving to the industry vertical. Financial Services growth was up 1.5% year-over-year in constant
currency driven primarily by insurance. However, the project-based work that we benefited from in Q3
did not extend into Q4. We saw a modest slowdown in banking sequentially, reflecting typical year-
end seasonality and furloughs. As Brian mentioned, within banking, our performance continues to be
negatively impacted by a few of our global accounts as well as some slowness in certain regional and other
clients. While macro uncertainty persists, we expect budgets within banking to be broadly stable in 2020,
with North America banks better positioned relative to the U.K. and Continental Europe given continued
Brexit uncertainty and our ongoing challenges with a few of our largest accounts.

Against that backdrop, we continue to have a muted outlook for banking. However, we are confident in the
initial steps our new head of banking has taken to reposition us for growth. We expect this client centricity
to drive deeper and more robust account planning and marketing. By partnering well with digital business
to ensure we increase our relevance to banks, he has also implemented a solutions team to bring ease of
repeatability, ensure we develop more compelling thought leadership and better align with key partners.

Moving on to Healthcare, which returned to year-over-year growth, up 1.8% in constant currency. Life
sciences again grew strong double digits year-over-year, benefiting from demand within digital operations
and the contribution of Zenith Technologies. Additionally, we see continued momentum within our
industry-specific platform solutions, such as the shared investigator portal for clinical trials, which has
users in over 80 countries across 14,000 facilities, covering over 400 active trials.

Within our Healthcare vertical, revenue declined mid-single digits year-over-year as performance
continues to be impacted primarily by large clients involved in mergers and the continued shift of work
through a captive at a large client. We expect similar year-over-year trends in Healthcare in Q1 and
improvement in the year-over-year trends in the Healthcare vertical beginning in Q2 as we lap the
headwinds that impacted the business in 2019. We expect continued cautious spend with health care
payers as we approach the elections in the U.S. later this year and so are maintaining a cautious growth
outlook for the health care vertical.

Products and resources grew 8.6% year-over-year in constant currency. As we mentioned on our last
earnings call, we expected slower growth on a year-over-year basis in products and resources in the
fourth quarter as we locked the ramp-up of work with new logos and the contribution of acquisitions made
in Q4 2018. We were pleased that the growth in the quarter continued to be broad-based growth across
our industries. Results reflect demand for core modernization services of enterprise applications and for
digital engineering, cloud and IoT solutions, and we expect these trends to continue in 2020.

Our Communications, Media and Technology segment grew 9% year-over-year in constant currency where
we saw an acceleration in the communications and media vertical driven by an increase in demand for
services in core modernization and cloud transformation services. We expect continued solid performance
of telecom clients as traditional telco companies look to transform into digital service providers.
Additionally, we see convergence across media and communications companies, driving investments in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05,
2020

technologies and services that hyper-personalize consumption and create new and engaging experiences
for consumers.

In technology, growth was negatively impacted by our decision to exit certain portions of our content
services business. This negatively impacted the year-over-year growth of the CMT segment by
approximately 200 basis points or $11 million. I'll provide more color on the expected impact from our
decision to exit certain parts of the content services business with my Q1 and full year 2020 guidance.

Now turning to geos. We were disappointed with growth in Europe, which grew 5.3% year-over-year
in constant currency, reflecting a slowdown in both the U.K. and Continental Europe. A more cautious
macro environment continues to weigh on spend across industries in the U.K., while we also have some
Cognizant-specific challenges in a few large banking clients. The rest of world grew 14.5% year-over-
year in constant currency, the strongest performance in 7 quarters. While our global banking relationships
continue to pressure growth in Asia Pacific, we have seen improved traction in countries, such as Australia
and Japan, in insurance and life sciences.

Moving on to margins. In Q4, our GAAP operating margin and diluted EPS were 14.6% and $0.72,
respectively. Adjusted operating margin, which excludes restructuring charges, was 17%, and our
adjusted diluted EPS was $1.07.

Before getting into more details on margins, I want to provide an update on the enactment of a new tax
regime in India that enables domestic companies to elect to be taxed with an income tax rate of 25%
compared to the current rate of 35%. A company electing into the lower rate is required to forgo any
tax holidays associated with the special economic zones and certain other tax incentives, including MAT
credit carryforward. Our current intent is to elect into the lower rate once our existing MAT assets are
substantially utilized. As a result, we recorded a onetime net income tax expense of $21 million due to the
revaluations to the lower income tax rate of our existing India net deferred income tax asset. This had a
negative $0.04 impact on GAAP EPS in the quarter.

Our adjusted operating margin was flat year-over-year, reflecting SG&A discipline offset by continued
pressure on gross margins, including a $25 million write-off of certain capitalized set-up costs for a
large health care customer. The write-off negatively impacted gross margins by 50 basis points and EPS
by $0.04. Over the last several quarters, we have taken steps to start to rightsize our cost structure
primarily focused on reducing overheads in the business, with those benefits evident in the year-over-year
improvement in SG&A. These savings are necessary to fund the planned additional investments in areas
such as sales resources, branding, talent and lean and automation enhancements across the company.

However, gross margin declined year-over-year as we continued to face pricing pressure in the legacy
parts of our business that require us to take additional actions in 2020 around pyramid optimization and
pricing levers, such as COLA and aligning bill rates with promotions. We expect our 2020 Fit for Growth
plan that we announced last quarter to drive improvements in these areas. I'll provide an update on
the actions taken in Q4 under the 2020 Fit for Growth plan as well as additional details on the expected
execution of this plan later in the call.

Turning to our balance sheet. Our cash and short-term investment balance as of December 31 stood
at $3.4 billion, up approximately $350 million from September 30 but down $1.1 billion from the year-
ago period, reflecting the over $2.2 billion of share repurchases completed in 2019 and approximately
$620 million deployed on acquisitions. As a reminder, our short-term investment balance includes
restricted short-term investments of $414 million related to the ongoing dispute with the India income tax
department.

We generated $845 million of free cash flow in the quarter. A DSO of 73 days improved 3 days sequentially
due to strong collections. On a year-over-year basis, DSO improved by 1 day. In the fourth quarter, we
made a change to our accounting policy related to DSOs to better align with industry practice and better
reflect amounts due from our customers on our balance sheet. Beginning in Q4, we started to net certain
amounts due to customers, such as discounts and rebates, with trade accounts receivables rather than
reflecting those amounts as a liability on our balance sheet. This change does not have any impact on our
operating results or cash flows.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05,
2020

Our outstanding debt balance was $738 million at the end of the quarter, and there was no outstanding
balance on the revolver. During the fourth quarter, we opportunistically repurchased approximately 2.5
million shares for approximately $150 million, and our diluted share count decreased to 548 million shares
for the quarter. In 2019, we repurchased over 34 million shares for approximately $2.2 billion.

Today, we are announcing a 10% increase to our quarterly cash dividend, the second increase since we
initiated the dividend in 2017. Additionally, the Board has approved a $2 billion increase in our share
repurchase authorization.

Before I turn to guidance, let me provide an update on the progress of the 2020 Fit for Growth plan as
well as the content work that we're in the process of exiting. Our 2020 Fit for Growth plan is expected
to run for 2 years. This program is designed to simplify the way we work, improve our cost structure
and fund investments aimed at accelerating our revenue growth. As previously announced, we expect
to remove 10,000 to 12,000 mid- to senior level associates from their current roles. We will make every
effort to identify productive roles based on client demand and continue to assume that approximately
5,000 associates will have the opportunity to reskill for new roles within the company.

In Q4, we incurred $48 million of charges, including $42 million of severance charges as part of the Fit for
Growth plan. These charges relate to approximately 550 associates, most of whom we expect will exit the
company by the end of Q1 and we expect will result in a cash impact of approximately $40 million in the
first quarter with full run rate savings not achieved until Q2 for these associates. We continue to expect
the majority of the remaining associates to exit the company by mid-2020. We are managing this process
carefully as any time we make decisions that impact our employees, we take it very seriously.

Additionally, we continue to review our real estate portfolio as part of the Fit for Growth plan and expect
to take further actions related to real estate rationalization in 2020. These actions are expected to be
substantially complete by the end of 2020 and are expected to result in 2020 in-year gross savings of over
$450 million and annualized gross run rate savings of $500 million to $550 million in the year 2021.

Additionally, in the fourth quarter, we began the exit of a subset of our content services business.
Approximately $5 million of the $48 million Fit for Growth charges in the quarter related to retention and
severance for approximately 1,100 of the expected 5,000 to 6,000 total associates to be impacted by the
wind-down of this work. We have updated our estimate of the number of associates to be impacted by the
wind-down from 6,000 to a range of 5,000 to 6,000 as we expect to retain more work with these clients in
other content and technology services than originally estimated.

We now estimate that we may lose revenues of $225 million to $255 million, down from our previous
estimate of $240 million to $270 million on an annualized basis within our Communications, Media and
Technology segment. We continue to anticipate revenues will ramp down over the next 1 to 2 years with
an expected impact of $20 million to $25 million of revenue in Q1 on a year-over-year basis. This is
expected to be modestly dilutive to our adjusted operating margin rate, subject to the timing of the ramp-
down and other factors.

We also continue to expect to incur wind-down charges related to the transition of these associates and
any related assets such as real estate and equipment. We are working with our partners to transition
this work while continuing to meet our contractual obligations and providing impacted associates with
a number of transition assistance programs, including retention bonuses, severance packages and the
opportunity to participate in various reskilling programs.

At the time of our Q4 earnings call, we provided an estimate of $150 million to $200 million in total
expected charges associated with this Fit for Growth cost transformation plan, including the wind-down
of certain content work. Based on our actions to date, attrition at the senior levels of the pyramid being
slightly higher than our expectations and less impact from the exit of certain content services, we now
expect to be towards the low end of that range while maintaining the annualized gross savings estimate of
$500 million to $550 million.

Before turning to guidance, I want to comment on a potential change in the dividend distribution tax
that was announced as part of the India budget a few days ago. We are currently analyzing this proposal

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05,
2020

but believe it can, once enacted, significantly lower the cost of repatriating funds back to the U.S. The
proposal is not yet law, but the expected date is April 1, 2020.

I would now like to comment on our outlook for Q1 and the full year 2020. For the full year 2020, we
expect revenue to grow in the range of 2% to 4% year-over-year to $17.11 billion to $17.45 billion on
a reported and constant currency basis as, based on the current exchange rates, we are not expecting a
material impact from foreign exchange. This includes our estimate of a negative impact of approximately
110 basis points to year-over-year growth from our decision to exit certain content work within our CMT
segment. This guidance continues to reflect a muted outlook for Financial Services and Healthcare.

We expect first quarter revenue growth in the range of 2.5% to 3.5% year-over-year to $4.21 billion to
$4.25 billion on a reported basis. Based on current exchange rates, this translates to constant currency
growth in the range of 2.8% to 3.8% year-over-year or $4.23 billion to $4.27 billion, reflecting our
assumption of a negative 30 basis points for foreign exchange for the first quarter. This includes our
estimate of a negative impact of approximately 60 basis points to year-over-year growth from our decision
to exit certain work within the content services business, which will be reflected in the CMT segment.

Revenue guidance for both Q1 and the full year assumes a cautious macro outlook in the U.K., continued
slow growth in Financial Services and Healthcare as well as the previously mentioned impact of exiting
certain content work.

For the full year 2020, we expect adjusted operating margins to be between 16% and 17%, which
assumes incentive compensation to be a target payout. We expect Q1 margins to be slightly below the
low end of the range as we are investing in sales hiring, training, tooling and automation and marketing
and branding, while the timing of the savings from the actions taken under our Fit for Growth Plan and the
return on our sales investments will not have reached the full quarter run rate.

As a reminder, our full year 2019 margin rate reflects lower incentive compensation payout given our
underperformance versus target. Our guidance assumes that in 2020, we'll perform as planned, and
therefore, incentive compensations will reflect target payout rate. This is a margin rate headwind of
approximately 120 basis points year-over-year that we plan to absorb. The midpoint of our 2020 margin
guidance of 16% to 17% therefore reflects approximately 100 basis points of improvement over the 2019
margin normalized for incentive compensation.

We expect to deliver adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.97 to $4.13. Our EPS guidance anticipates a
year-over-year decrease of approximately $30 million in interest income, reflecting a lower cash balance
and reduced interest rate in both the U.S. and India. This is expected to impact EPS by approximately
$0.04. This guidance anticipates a full year share count of approximately 548 million shares and a tax rate
in the range of 24% to 26%.

Guidance provided for adjusted diluted EPS excludes restructuring charges and other unusual items, if
any; net nonoperating foreign currency exchange gains and losses; clarification, if any, by the Indian
government as to the application of the Supreme Court ruling related to the India defined contribution
obligation; and the tax effects of the above adjustments. Our guidance does not account for any potential
impact from events like changes such as immigration or tax policies.
With that, operator, we can open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05,
2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I want to ask about the cadence of revenue growth in 2020. It looks like you guided -- 1Q '20 revenue
guidance, 3% to 4% constant currency. Full year fiscal year '20 growth is pretty similar at 2% to 4%
constant currency. So is Cognizant expecting kind of steady revenue growth with no fluctuations? Or do
you expect maybe a little bit of a drop in the middle of the year and a pickup in the fourth quarter? I
guess another way to ask this is, do you see an inflection point in revenue growth on the horizon?

Karen A. McLoughlin
Chief Financial Officer

Bryan, it's Karen. So the one thing I would say is nothing particularly unusual. There's no large deals.
There's no -- nothing unusual right now from a seasonality perspective. So I think it will be relatively
a typical seasonality that will start to ramp as we get into Q2 and then Q3. The one thing I would say
where the back half might be a little bit stronger is because of the sales investments that we're making
now, right? So we launched that hiring program late last year. Those folks are coming onboard as we
expected. And certainly, while we said we would expect to take about a year for them to start to ramp, but
we should start to see a little bit of that benefit as we get into the back part of the year.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Yes. And maybe the addition I'd make to that, Karen, is obviously the content moderation ramp-down will
offset that somewhat as it grows throughout the course of the year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Appreciate the detailed commentary. Brian, I was hoping you could give more information about the sales
force transformation. Where do you stand on hiring? You mentioned the words on track but a little bit
more color on what on track means would be great. And on the flip side, is there perhaps any heightened
attrition you expect to see for the traditional sales force that was already there given maybe the new
compensation schemes or any changes there? So a sales force update.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

It's very interesting because, as I said, we were at our global planning summit in the last month or so,
and the sales force are actually very motivated by the compensation changes because they can actually
make more money than they could in prior periods. So actually, on the contrary, I actually feel there's a
great deal of optimism in the sales force. People are -- when a CEO visits clients every single day, it leads
to a certain cultural demand in the organization. And I think people are motivated to get the company
back to an accelerated growth rate, so I feel good about where we are.

I'm not overly concerned about attrition in the legacy sales teams. We've had great luck, I would say,
fulfilling the pipeline of opportunities. We don't break out on a quarterly basis where we are versus that
hiring. We're less than halfway through the 500, I will tell you that, but there's a lot of work still to do.
But I track it on a monthly basis at the Executive Committee, and we're pretty much in line with what we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05,
2020

anticipated in terms of cost. I've also been keeping an eye not just on the accounts that these folks are
assigned to but also the pipeline that they are building. And in some cases, I've been pleasantly surprised
that the early pipeline builds have even been ahead of my expectations. So look, more work to do to
continue to review that, but there's a lot of energy and urgency in Cognizant these days. And I think we're
all very clear on what we're setting out to achieve, and I feel very good in terms of where we are to date.

So the broader sales force update is consistent with what I said last quarter, that's not going to change.
We've implemented a RAD model, which is retention, acquisition and development. That's all about trying
to get the right folks on the right accounts at the right time, aligning specialist resources, which are, by
practice, such as big data or cloud, with a generalist client partner. The client partner is the quarterback
on the accounts. They have decision rights. They own the P&L for the accounts. They can move with
speed and accountability within the framework of authority that we have delegated to them, and they are
complemented by subject matter experts, solution architects and the like. We implemented that model
on January 1. So far, so good. And we've obviously got to continue to push that in the course of the year
ahead, but I feel good about where we are.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Brian, one of the things you mentioned was that you're doubling the number of people supporting
Cognizant's major strategic alliances. And I know that that is also somewhere where you have been
spending your own time as well. Can you just provide a little bit more richness on where you're focused
there, where maybe Cognizant is already strong, where you think there's opportunity to improve and how
that sort of fits into the overall updated strategy and Fit for Growth Plan?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Yes, I will. And look, we have, Lisa, some really strong alliance partners and partnerships by key verticals,
whether that's Temenos in Financial Services, Pega, Adobe or otherwise. But I've really spent a huge
amount of time in the last 9 months trying to build that and foster a business plan behind Amazon,
behind Microsoft. We're now working through Google Cloud practice as the hyperscale players, and it is
really selectively aligning Cognizant to some of the leading SaaS-type players, as an example, such as
Salesforce or ServiceNow or, indeed, Workday to make sure that we go to market with the companies that
are going 20%, 30%, 40% year-over-year. Not to say we won't continue to obviously partner with others,
but we are putting -- allocating even more capital to the winners in today's environment.

That invariably means for us, just to be very clear, it doesn't mean hiring more alliance partners and
having a bunch of coffee drinkers sitting around, feeling good about hosting meetings. This is a lot about
building our business plans with solution architects and big data experts and the like aligned to each and
every one of those companies I've talked about. It involves putting an operational cadence together on a
rolling 4-quarter basis. So I know in a certain date, I'll be sitting in a room with the CEO of that company,
reviewing not just what we're setting out to achieve as a company, which has our targets against it,
which are intersected by country and vertical, but also looking at the pipeline shape, where we are in the
funnel and really operationalizing that strategic alliance vision into day-to-day reality, which includes joint
customer calls, joint in-person visits to clients with the leadership of those companies, joint e-mails to
clients or letters to clients and the like.

So it's strategic. But to be very clear, it's also very operationally inclined and pragmatic with a view to
successfully driving activity or cadence going forward with these clients and partners and making sure we
show up better than we ever have in the past.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05,
2020

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Everything looks, in mind, a little bit different. I know you mentioned, Karen, the 50 bps or the $25 million
Healthcare write-down. Can you maybe quantify some of the pricing pressure you're seeing coming from
the heritage work or anything else on delivery costs that might have surprised you? I know the Fit for
Growth piece is coming in, too, so just overall, trying to get some more color on the quarter and then
maybe how the year is going to play out here in 2020 for gross margin.

Karen A. McLoughlin
Chief Financial Officer

I don't think -- in the quarter, Tien-tsin, I wouldn't say there was any real change in pricing trends. But
as we talked about on the prepared comments, we certainly are continuing to see pressure on renewals
in the heritage or legacy IT side of the business. Right now, that's being offset by higher pricing on the
digital side of the business. And -- but certainly, we think we can do better on pricing in digital services
and really make sure that we are pricing to the market and for the value that we are providing to clients.
So that is certainly an initiative we have underway as well as do a far better job on things like COLA and
getting adjusted bill rates when people are being promoted or rotating our staff to take effect of a more
optimal pyramid.

Certainly, the savings that we've seen so far has been primarily in the SG&A bucket as we've been focused
on the top end of the pyramid, most of which was down in SG&A. But as we move into Q1 and Q2 and
further into the Fit for Growth program, we would certainly expect to see improvements in the middle
to upper middle of the pyramid as well and also be able to drive improvement in some of these revenue
levers, which will hopefully start to stabilize gross margin.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Edward Caso with Wells Fargo.

Edward Stephen Caso
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Brian, is your team now in place? I know you had one of your execs cycle out not that long ago. But do
you have the people that you need down a level or 2 at this point to drive the transformation?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Look, I'm a big believer, Ed, that A players attract A players. And the more we upskill and make sure
we have the right team around me, those people, in turn, will make sure that they replicate that trend
through the organization. I will say we have gems in Cognizant, really, really strong leaders. I talked about
life sciences growing double digits. That's an internal promotion that happened in the last year. So it's
always going to be a combination of complementing excellent internal talent with excellent additions from
the outside and putting a system of meritocracy and a performance culture in place where everybody
knows what we celebrate and what we condone versus what we don't tolerate. So of course, in the years
ahead, there will always be refinements. I want to drive a performance culture, but we're getting there.
But of course, there will be even, in the foreseeable future, ongoing refinements as we continue to attract
better people from the outside to complement the internal talent.

I will say one thing that's very pleasing to me. There's no shortage of people reaching out to Cognizant at
this moment in time, feeling both from clients and otherwise that there's a new vigor in the company, a
new urgency in the company and a confidence that we can get back to being the great company that we
have been in the past. So it's very encouraging to me to know that we can still attract great talent from
the outside. And in the same vein, with a new Chief People Officer, Becky Schmitt, who joined this Monday,
who almost spent 2 decades in Accenture and most recently had been in Walmart, we have a very strong
people agenda program lined up in the coming years to attract, motivate, develop, retain and put very
sophisticated talent management programs in place internally. And I believe that that will not just make us

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05,
2020

a very appealing place to come and develop your career, but it will also have intrinsically a direct impact
on our attrition rate which, as I said in the call, I'm pleased with, but we can always do better.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal.

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Karen, just for clarification, could you tease out the guidance from a revenue perspective in terms of
isolating what M&A contribution is expected to be? And particularly, the M&A contribution, does that
include some of the recent -- very, very recent deals? And then, Brian, for you, if you could just revisit on
Healthcare and how we should be thinking about Healthcare cadence, both this year and, frankly, exiting
this year? As the deals anniversary in earnest in the June quarter, in particular, has the price activities of
the M&A client, will that -- has that already played out? Or would that continue to play out for the year?
But just more broadly, talk a little bit about Healthcare, both this year and kind of exiting the year, and
how you see the opportunity there for Cognizant.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Well, I'll start with the Healthcare question, Keith, because actually ironically, I've been on the phone with
the leadership team of, as it happens, both of those combined companies as recently as this morning,
so I'm pretty current in terms of where we are in the accounts and, indeed, the opportunity. And I will
say I continue to be pleased that we show up a little bit better than we have, and those executives
and companies reassured me that the merger integration work is still there. And as they think about
consolidating to preferred vendors, we are firmly and squarely in the go-forward strategy as well. So I do
feel there's lots of opportunity for us even in those larger accounts where we've seen consolidation from
4 to 2 in the last year, and we have seen some pressure on rates as part of that. But we do want to get
back, once we anniversary that, into a stronger growth trajectory in Healthcare.

In the same vein, I just want to caution the amount of work that needs to be done. We've also had our
Healthcare team today here in New York, about 20 people in the room reviewing last year, reviewing
revenue pipeline, win rate, margin trends, a very strong call to action in terms of what we need to do in
the coming years. So we're not out of the other side on that yet, but I choose to be glass half full here in
terms of a lot of the actions we are doing are not specific to one vertical. Better aligning marketing spend,
making sure we have the right customer segmentation strategy in place, upskilling our client partners,
making sure we have the best specialists in the world to complement them, going to market with some of
the hyperscale players in Financial Services or Healthcare, et cetera, et cetera, that will bear fruits in each
and every one of our industries, Healthcare included. We do expect still some, I would say, modest -- we
still have modest expectations for Healthcare in the coming year. But as we go through the course of the
year, I'd like to think that we'll start to make some progress.

Karen A. McLoughlin
Chief Financial Officer

And Keith, it's Karen. Let me just comment on the guidance. So for the first quarter, there's about 120
basis points of inorganic revenue baked into the guidance. That includes only the transactions that have
already been completed, so that would include Code Zero but not the EI-Technologies transaction as that
has not closed yet. And then on a full year basis, the guidance, similarly only for deals closed, is about 100
basis points of revenue growth year-over-year. And that's down from -- if you recall in 2019, the impact
was about 200 basis points.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Rod Bourgeois with DeepDive Equity.

Rod Bourgeois
DeepDive Equity Research

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05,
2020

Yes. So on the last earnings call, you talked about a set of growth investments that would cost you
about 150 basis points on margin. So I'm just looking at the further needs to build into the digital era.
And besides the growth investments you've already articulated, are there additional growth-related
investments that you'd like to start making in 2020 such that if you had more room in your margin plan,
are there additional investments that you would like to make besides the ones you've talked about?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Rob, it's Brian. So listen, the way I think about it, this year, if you normalize for, let's say, target bonuses,
as Karen has articulated in this call and prior calls, margins would have been in roughly mid-15%. We've
guided 16% to 17% for next year. So call the midpoint, 16.5%. So -- and we're assuming, by the way,
next year that our bonus structure is a normalized part of our cost base. So hence, organically, if you will,
100 basis points of margin improvement year-over-year.

Now to your point, we've made reference before of $250 million-plus of investment back into the business.
A lot of that, we call that explicitly like 500 head count related just to revenue generation. We're doing
more on sales and marketing. We're doing more in training, et cetera. That's approximately 1.5 points. So
had we not done that, margins naturally would have been higher. But I'm not here to try to operationalize
Cognizant from $17 billion to $20 billion. We're trying to make this a $25 billion, $30 billion, $35 billion
company in the years ahead. And as part of that, I think it's always wrong to look at one element on a
continuum and shine a spotlight there and think, well, Brian, had you not made those investments, could
you deliver a higher margin rate.

And Rod, I've known your investment thesis on the stock. I certainly know that's not your intent either
behind your question. What I want to do is continue to reinvest into the business. So if we can prove a
strong return in these investments we're making, including the sales force hiring, and we get win rates
higher, if we get a good pipeline that we convert to TCV and revenue, my inclination will be to continue to
deliver and apply more of the upside back into the business and get us back into the Cognizant that was
tried and tested for many, many years that made this company a great success story over the years. So
that's the intention that we're setting out to deliver here in the next 5 to 10 years.

I'm confident we're doing the right thing. I will tell you I'm really pleased, and I spend a lot of my time
with clients and partners. Our strategy is resonating. They see the renewed energy in the company. We
have lots of work to do, but I'm very pleased and optimistic with the progress we're making and know,
nonetheless, that we still have more work to do in the year ahead.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America.

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just a two-pronged question on M&A. First, I know that EI-Technologies, you just said, is not in the guide
at this point. But assuming that that closes in line with the timing you're expecting, roughly how much
revenue would that add this year? And then can you just comment more broadly on your M&A strategy?
It feels like the frequency and intensity of M&A is picking up a little bit, Brian, under your watch over the
past year. Is that an accurate assessment in terms of where you intend to take that strategy as well?
Obviously, these kind of tuck-in, sized digital assets really stand out.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Yes. So listen, a good question. I wouldn't say to date that the frequency has picked up that much.
February 6 last year, I was announced as the new CEO. So I started on April 1. And since then, we've
done, until this week, 2 acquisitions, Contino, and then, prior to that, Zenith Technologies. It just so
happens that we were diligently working to review our strategy and finalize that. And only with that behind
is that we absolutely go -- now let's go and put our balance sheet behind us to make sure we position

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05,
2020

ourselves strongly behind our strategic intent. And as I said earlier, that's a lot about protecting and
optimizing the core, including scaling internationally, but it's also about winning in e-digital battleground.
And both acquisitions we made this week are firmly behind the cloud ambition that we have, and you'll see
more of the same on a go-forward basis behind each and every one of those digital battlegrounds.

To be very clear, I view M&A as a means to an end to achieve the strategy. While I'm pleased with the
$2.2 billion we've spent on share repurchases last year, you will see an absolute conviction to returning
capital to shareholders in the form of periodic dividend increases as well as share repurchases with
a particular eye to offset dilution. But also potentially opportunistic, I will say that you will see us err
more towards accelerating M&A on a go-forward basis as long as it is supportive of the overall company
strategy. Share repurchases, while having value, do not reposition the company against the strategic
intent. M&A can enable us to do that. So with almost a year behind me under my belt here in Cognizant,
getting my head around the company, the industry better, the operational rigor and control we have, with
the team around me, we're absolutely inclined to accelerate M&A a little more in the years ahead and
make sure we use that as a means to accomplish our overall company strategy.

With regards to the details of EI-Technologies, look, we've entered into exclusive negotiations. Deal's not
closed. It is material for France but is absolutely immaterial from a company perspective in terms of the
dollar addition. So it's basis points in terms of growth as opposed to anything else. But as I said, that plus
Code Zero is firmly behind our Salesforce ambition. And we've been spending a lot of time. I personally
have met with Salesforce CEO, I think, probably now 5 times in 9 months, and these are very symbolic
moves to make sure that we strengthen our capabilities behind the Salesforce practice that we're building
out.

Operator

We have time for one final question today, which will be coming from the line of Moshe Katri with Wedbush
Securities.

Moshe Katri
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

Brian, you spoke about the need to potentially accelerate growth in international where you feel that the
company is underpenetrated. Can you talk a bit about what sort of actions you're taking to kind of get
there? Maybe some color there, that will be helpful.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Yes, it ultimately takes 3 portions: one is organic investments, one is partnership and another one is M&A.
To be very clear, Zenith Technologies, which was at the intersection point of life sciences as one of our
really strategic verticals as well as IoT was a perfect illustration of hitting many birds with one stone:
geographic expansion strengthening European footprint, aligning through our IoT digital priority and
aligning to one of our strategic verticals. We also announced and closed Contino, which has got a very
strong international footprint in the form of DevOps and data in Q4. So those are good illustrations. And of
course, EI-Technologies that we announced earlier today will be another good illustration of strengthening
our footprint in Europe, in this case, in France.

Organically, of course, we're strengthening our capabilities by building out more footprint and supporting
that footprint with better allocation of resources globally. As an example, we will modify our marketing mix
this year to shift much more towards our international expansion. In prior years, our marketing spend was
actually less in our international business than the actual current revenue mix, notwithstanding the fact
that our growth opportunity was bigger there. So that seems to have been something that we wanted to
rectify on a go-forward basis and, of course, part of the 500 revenue-generating head count that we've
approved. A good chunk of that is in Europe, and we want to continue to go scale that to make sure we
have a bigger footprint in those geographies.

And then on the partnership side, whether it's with AWS or Salesforce or otherwise, we've been building
out those linkages throughout the world, and Europe is no different with a view to go to market in a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05,
2020

digital ecosystem aligned country by country. I firmly view partners, Lisa asked the question earlier, as an
extension of our sales force. We are working on some core banking deals at this moment in time where
the CEO of Temenos has actually actively engaged and brought us into deals and been a huge proponent
of Cognizant given our world-class capabilities behind Temenos. So it's wonderful when a client hears not
just from the CEO of Cognizant but also the CEO, in this case, of Temenos as to our capabilities and our
referenceability in that regard. So we're full speed onboard, full speed ahead to go scale our international
capabilities. It was a little bit disappointing this last quarter, some of it self-inflicted. We got to get that
right going forward, and it's certainly an area of focus for me in the coming years.

Katie Royce
Global Head of Investor Relations

Okay. With that, I think we will conclude today's call. Thank you all for your questions.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's Cognizant Technology Solutions Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings
Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05,
2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

