Colgate-Palmolive Company NYSE:CL
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, July 30, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

0.80

0.80

0.00

0.84

3.28

3.18

3.50

Revenue  (mm)

4244.79

4260.00

0.36

4408.69

17449.68

-

18160.53

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-28-2021 10:42 PM GMT

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.70

0.76

0.79

0.80

0.79

0.77

0.80

0.80

SURPRISE

12.86 %

1.32 %

1.27 %

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John Faucher
Chief Investor Relations Officer

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

ANALYSTS

Christopher Armes
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kojo Boateng Achiampong
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Peter K. Grom
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com.

Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer, John
Faucher. Please go ahead, John.

John Faucher
Chief Investor Relations Officer

Thanks, Katie. Good morning, and welcome to our 2021 second quarter earnings release conference call.
This is John Faucher, Chief Investor Relations Officer.

Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from
these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC,
including our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's
website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these
statements.

This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those
identified in Tables 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP
financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website.

Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer;
and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. I will provide commentary on our Q2 performance as well as our
latest thoughts on 2021 guidance, before turning it over to Noel to provide his thoughts on the current
operating environment, and how we will continue to deliver on our growth trajectory. We will then open it
up for Q&A. [Operator Instructions]

As we report results at the halfway point of 2021, we remain pleased, but not satisfied, with our
performance so far as we navigate through what can charitably be described as a complicated year. For
both the second quarter and on a year-to-date basis, we delivered growth in organic sales, net sales,
operating profit and net income. This is despite difficult comparisons, as we lap last year's strength in
categories like liquid hand soap and dish soap. We are also dealing with the impact of COVID restrictions
in several markets, economic and political uncertainty, strong competitive activity and, of course,
significantly heightened raw material and logistics headwinds.

We expect that all of these factors will continue to impact our business through the second half of this
year. Because of that, we remain focused on delivering impactful innovation, leveraging our revenue
growth management capabilities to deliver on pricing and driving productivity up and down the income
statement. All of these are crucial to deliver long-term sustainable growth that will help us as we look to
deliver TSR at the high end of our peer group.

We delivered 5% organic sales growth in the second quarter, which marked our tenth consecutive quarter
delivering organic sales growth, either in or above our targeted range of 3% to 5%. As we have discussed
before, the key to delivering against our long-term targets is delivering balanced growth, which we did
once again in the quarter by delivering both volume and pricing growth. We delivered growth in both
developed markets with 3% organic sales growth in emerging markets, which delivered 7% organic sales
growth. We delivered organic sales growth in every division, but North America.

Our largest category, Oral Care, delivered organic sales growth of nearly 10%, with organic sales growth
across toothpaste, manual toothbrushes and electric toothbrushes and organic sales growth in every
division. Innovation continues to be a vital contributor to our Oral Care business as we benefit from new
products across all of our divisions. Products like CO. by Colgate, Colgate electric toothpaste and Colgate
enzyme whitening toothpaste are all delivering consumer desired benefits in premiumizing our portfolio.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Pet Nutrition delivered organic sales growth of 15%. Personal Care and Home Care declined on an organic
sales basis year-over-year in the quarter as expected, but net sales remain above 2019 levels. Net sales
increased 9.5% in the quarter, which was our highest net sales increase in almost 10 years. Foreign
exchange was a 4.5% benefit to net sales as we lapped the peak of last year's COVID-driven strength in
the dollar.

After strong gross margin performance in 2020 and in Q1, our gross margin declined in the second
quarter due to the rapid acceleration of raw material costs across our business and the lapping of lower
promotional levels in Q2 2020. We took additional pricing in the second quarter, which will help offset
raw material costs in the second half of the year, and we will continue to layer in additional pricing where
possible. We expect raw material costs to remain elevated throughout 2021, but we do expect some
sequential lessening of inflation as we get into the fourth quarter. Our efforts on premiumization and
pricing, along with our focus on productivity, like our Funding the Growth initiative, will also help us as we
look to improve our gross margin performance.

In the second quarter, our gross profit margin was 60.0%, which was down 80 basis points year-over-year
on both a GAAP basis and a Base Business basis. Year-to-date, our gross margin is 60.4%, down 10 basis
points. Again, that is on a GAAP and Base Business basis.

For the second quarter, pricing was 90 basis points favorable to gross margin, less than in the first quarter
as we lap lower promotional spending in the year ago period when many of our markets reacted to COVID
restrictions by pulling back on promotional activity. Raw materials were a 370 basis point headwind as we
continue to see significant pressure from resins, fats and oils and agriculture-related costs and many other
materials. This includes a slightly favorable transactional impact from foreign exchange.

Productivity was a 200 basis point benefit. Our SG&A was up 100 basis points as a percent of sales for
the second quarter on both a GAAP and Base Business basis. This was primarily driven by an increase
in logistics costs and also by a 30 basis point increase in advertising to sales. Excluding advertising and
logistics, our SG&A ratio declined year-over-year as our net sales growth and savings programs drove
leverage on our overheads.

For the second quarter, on a GAAP basis, our operating profit was up 5.5% year-over-year, while it was
up 2.5% on a Base Business basis. Our EPS was up 12% on a GAAP basis and up 8% on a Base Business
basis. Our free cash flow was down year-over-year in the quarter as we continued to lap very strong
working capital performance in the year ago period. As we discussed previously, our capital expenditures
are also up year-over-year as we invest behind growth, productivity and our sustainability strategy.

A few comments on divisional performance. North America net sales declined 4% in the second quarter,
with organic sales down 4.5% and a modest benefit from foreign exchange. Volumes were down 8.5%
in the quarter, driven by Home Care and Personal Care, which saw strong growth in the year ago period
driven by COVID-related demand. Pricing across Home Care and Personal Care was positive as we work to
offset higher raw material costs. Oral Care organic sales grew mid-single digits, driven by innovation and
pricing. I mentioned CO. by Colgate before, which is helping us further expand into the beauty and direct-
to-consumer channels.

We are pleased with the initial performance of the Colgate teeth manual toothbrush. It comes with an
aluminum handle. And by using our replaceable heads, consumer can use 80% less plastic compared
to similarly-sized Colgate toothbrushes. We're also excited about our Tom's of Maine relaunch, which is
bringing new graphics and advertising to a historic natural segment brand.

Our logistics issues that we discussed on the first quarter call continued to negatively impact our
promotional timing, but service levels have improved and we expect our promotional cadence will
normalize as we go through the third quarter.

Latin America net sales were up 12.5%, with 8.5% organic sales growth and a 400 basis point benefit
from foreign exchange. All 3 categories delivered organic sales growth in the quarter, with Oral Care
organic sales growth in the high teens. Brazil and Mexico both grew organic and net sales double digits in
the quarter. Our strong innovation performance was led by core innovation behind Colgate Total Reinforced

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Gums in Mexico, which apparently sounds much better in Spanish and Portuguese than English and several
charcoal variants in Brazil.

Volume was plus 2.5% in the quarter, despite a sizable negative impact due to political unrest in Colombia,
our third largest market in Latin America. We believe this disruption, which negatively impacted our
distribution network for some time, is largely behind us, but political disruption will remain a risk, not just
in Colombia, but in several markets.

Pricing was up 6% despite lapping lower promotional spending in Q2 2020 as well as some incremental
pricing in the year ago period as we look to offset foreign exchange. Europe net sales grew 15% in the
quarter. Organic sales grew 5%, driven by mid-teens growth in Oral Care, offset by declines in Personal
and Home Care as we lapped COVID-related demand in the year ago period. Volume grew 7% in the
quarter, offset by a 2% decline in pricing as we lapped lower promotions in the year ago period as store
traffic declined in Q2 2020 due to COVID restrictions.

I mentioned Colgate electric toothpaste before, and we're very excited about this truly differentiated
product. We designed it with more of a beauty aesthetic, including skincare-inspired ingredients, a unique
clear recyclable bottle and LiquiGlide technology that allows the paste to leave the bottle, leaving no
messy tube or cap. This product began rolling out across the division in Q2, with further launches this
quarter.

We delivered 7.5% net sales and 1% organic sales growth in Asia Pacific this quarter with organic growth
in Oral Care partially offset by a decline in Home Care. Volume growth of 3.5% was partly offset by
negative pricing as we cycled lower promotional levels than a year ago period, given COVID-related
lockdowns across the region, with the biggest impact coming on our South Pacific business. We have
additional pricing planned in the second half across the division to offset raw material cost inflation.

Volume growth was led by India, despite the impact of COVID-related disruption in May in Thailand, driven
by naturals innovation in the Colgate Vedshakti and Colgate Panjaved lines as we lap COVID-related
disruptions in the year ago period. Our volume in China declined on growth on the Colgate business, which
was more than offset by weakness in sales for our Hawley & Hazel joint venture, which is primarily related
to inventory reductions in our distributor network.

Africa/Eurasia continued its strong performance trend in the third quarter with net sales growth of 15.5%,
as we delivered strong organic sales growth throughout the division once again. Volume grew 9.5% in
the quarter, while pricing was up 3.5%. Foreign exchange was a 2.5% benefit in the quarter. Oral Care
delivered high teens organic sales growth, and we are relaunching several of our naturals businesses with
new packaging and flavors.

Hill's strong growth continued in the second quarter, with 18% net sales growth and 15% organic sales
growth. Both developed and emerging markets delivered 10% volume growth as our increased investment
around the globe is driving this highly differentiated brand. In particular, we are seeing good results from
our Hill's master brand campaign to end pet obesity as well as our new campaign for Hill's pet essentials,
our vet distributed wellness product in Europe.

And now for guidance. We still expect organic sales growth to be within our 3% to 5% long-term target
range. There is no meaningful change in our category expectations at this point. The categories that
benefited from COVID-related demand are behaving in line with our expectations with sales below 2020
levels, but ahead of 2019 levels. Please note that given widespread COVID outbreaks in many of our
markets, we could still see an impact from government actions to stem the spread of COVID and other
disruptions related to COVID, and this is not in our guidance.

Using current spot rates, we expect foreign exchange to be a low single-digit benefit for the year, although
slightly less favorable than when we gave guidance in April. All in, we still expect net sales to be up 4% to
7%.

We have reduced our gross margin guidance for the year, and we now expect gross margin to be down
year-over-year for the full year on both a GAAP and Base Business basis, given the additional cost inflation

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

we have seen. We expect the gross margin percentage to improve sequentially in the second half, which
would leave us down modestly for the year.

As I mentioned above, we are taking many steps to mitigate the impact of these costs, including additional
pricing, optimizing trade spending, accelerating FTG were available and many others. Advertising is
still expected to be up on both the dollar and a percent of sales basis. Logistics will continue to be a
headwind as costs also have risen faster than anticipated, particularly in the U.S. We still expect these
costs to moderate somewhat as we go through the balance of the year. Our tax rate is now expected to be
between 23% and 24% for the year on both a GAAP and Base Business basis.

On a GAAP basis, we still expect earnings per share growth in the low to mid-single digits, but most likely
towards the lower end of that range. On a Base Business basis, we continue to expect earnings per share
growth in the mid- to high single digits. Again, we would expect to land at the lower end of that range.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Noel.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I hope you're all safe and well this morning. So the overriding
message I want to leave with you today is that our strategy to reaccelerate profitable growth by focusing
on our core adjacencies all over the world, new channels and markets is really working. As we like to say,
nothing moves in a straight line, but we now have 10 straight quarters of organic sales growth at or above
our long-term target range.

Year-to-date, we're at the high end of the range despite difficult comparisons and continued volatility in
the business. We're making good progress on our journey, but we still have more work to do.

And as I look back at my comments to you over the past 18 months that we've been dealing with the
implications of COVID, the one consistent theme that we keep coming back to, managing through this
crisis with an eye on the future. This is still the appropriate theme, although obviously, some of the
elements have changed. The prevalence of the vaccine in many developed markets gives us a sense of
guarded optimism, but we've highlighted that many emerging markets, which represent almost half of our
revenues, the availability of the vaccine remains very low, case rates are high and governments continue
to put in restrictions to help stop the spread of the virus. We remain hopeful that we will get to a post-
COVID sooner rather than later, but we're not there yet.

We will continue to manage to the retail and supply chain disruptions, changes in consumer behavior and
government actions to stem the spread of the virus, all while doing our best to protect the health and
safety of our employees, which remains our #1 priority.

But there are changing headwinds as well. Last year, we were faced with adverse foreign exchange
movements, heightened consumer and customer demand, supply chain volatility and uncertainty for
our customers about changing business models and retail environments. This year, we're faced with
unprecedented cost increases for raw materials like resin, fats and oils and many others. Logistic networks
are taxed, whether it's the trucking and warehousing here in the U.S. or ocean freight coming from Asia to
the rest of the world. And we're seeing some political disruption in markets like Colombia and Myanmar.

So 18 months into the COVID, many of the challenges are the same. Some have changed, but our
approach remains. We will manage through the crisis with an eye on the future. And so far, we feel we've
done a pretty good job, but we know the markets look forward at our potential, not backwards at our
achievements. We know that to deliver top-tier TSR, we need to balance organic sales growth, both
volume and pricing, all 4 of our categories and across all of our divisions. We've talked to you a lot about
our changes and strategy that will enable us to continue delivering this balanced growth.

First is our focus on breakthrough and transformational innovation. John discussed many of these in
his commentary, and this improved innovation is a direct result of the changes that Pat and I discussed
during our CAGNY presentation. Our emphasis on faster-growing channels and markets continues to pay
off through growth in e-commerce, direct-to-consumer, discounters, club stores and pharmacies. We're

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

taking formerly regional brands like Tom's of Maine, Hello, elmex and meridol and launching them in select
markets and channels to take the advantage of their strong brand equities and ongoing consumer trends.
We're supporting these efforts with increased focus on our digital media and emerging data and analytical
capabilities.

But we have to deliver gross margin expansion to fund our brand investment. While we know -- while we
now expect gross margin to be down modestly for 2021, it comes on the heels of strong gross margin
expansion in 2020 and in the face of unprecedented increases in raw material prices. We will continue
to leverage our robust revenue growth management program and drive productivity so we can return to
gross margin expansion. We have made progress in our journey to improve our mix, but we have further
upside potential on this given the benefits we provide to consumers and the fact that our brands under
index in pricing relative to the category across many geographies.

We're working to accelerate our productivity programs like Funding the Growth wherever possible to try
and create additional offsets. All this should help us in our drive to return to gross margin expansion.
And while the raw material inflation is obviously negatively impacting our gross margin performance this
year, we're optimistic that this raw material inflation could drive an improvement in emerging market
fundamentals. Again, we need to first get through the difficulties surrounding COVID. But on the back of
our continued rebound in emerging market organic sales growth, particularly in Latin America, we have
some optimism that we could see some additional GDP growth and, therefore, higher category growth
on the back end of this movement in commodities. We have seen some of the emerging market currency
stabilized for the first time in what seems like several years and are optimistic this may be a first step.

And since our last call, we have released our 2025 sustainability strategy. This comprehensive plan
highlights the actions we're taking around climate, plastics, sourcing, diversity, equity and inclusion and all
other areas that are vital to the future, not only of our company but our communities and our planet.
And with that, I'll open it up to your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Peter Grom with UBS.

Peter K. Grom
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So I just wanted to ask around Latin America in the quarter. I know it's not all the same category and
country exposure, but the readthrough from a lot of other companies that have reported thus far was that
the region was really strong, like most seeing better performance sequentially. So I know you mentioned
Colombia.

So is there any way to quantify how much of a headwind you think the disruptions there caused in the
quarter? And then maybe just more broadly, can you provide an update on your performance versus the
category in the region? And how you're thinking about growth in the back half of the year, just kind of on
the heels of your positive GDP commentary there, Noel?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Thanks, Peter. Overall, we're really, really happy with Latin America. You mentioned that, obviously,
we saw significant headwinds from the Colombia disruption, which, in many respects, took almost a month
of sales out of that specific country. And despite that, we obviously still delivered very strong top line
growth.

If you look at our 2 key markets, Mexico and Brazil, both delivering double-digit growth in the quarter,
you've seen now Brazil delivered 4 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth. So obviously, the market
seems to be returning despite the fact that we're definitely not out of the woods relative to COVID. But we
think as vaccinations improve, particularly in those markets, that will continue to help categories.

Categories are up on the year, which is good, despite the fact that we still see limited mobility. We still
see some disruptions in particularly the down trade around how retail environments are behaving. But
overall, the categories are up, which is good. We had strong innovation in the quarter. We had some
good innovation on our core business, Colgate Total, which John mentioned, which is driving good share
growth. We've resisted a little bit of the transactional couponing and deep discounting in some of those
markets. So overall, we've lost a little bit of promotional share, but our baseline shares look good. And the
innovation process -- plans we have in place for the back half are strong as well.

Likewise, on pricing, we've always been a strong driver of pricing in those markets. We continue to,
obviously, see a lot of headwinds on commodity prices, particularly on towel prices coming out of Brazil.
And we're ramping up for obviously a strong back half relative to how we see pricing evolving and
obviously continuing to drive the volume in the quarter.

So overall, I think we're pleased, despite the fact that Colombia was a significant headwind to the quarter.
Bear in mind, if you look at the overall Latin America, that region continues to perform exceptionally
well on balance, 10-6 in the fourth quarter, 9-5 in the first and 8.5 now. So again, I think despite the
headwinds, good consistent growth.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Rob Ottenstein with Evercore.

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Noel, I'm wondering if you could go around the world and talk a little bit about your actual pricing power.
I think we all understand less promos and that was an effect on the reported pricing in Europe and Asia.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Obviously, there's mix effects. But if we kind of clear through all that, can you talk about actual headline
pricing that you got in the quarter or that you expect to get later in the year? And to what extent you're
able to do that given disposable income in the various markets and competitive activity?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure, Rob. Thank you. So let me start macro. Obviously, if you look at developing markets versus
developed, developing have obviously moved pricing a little faster than the developed world. And when I
say developed, I'm referring to Europe and the U.S. We've seen good pricing movements in Latin America,
good pricing movements in Africa, and we've seen the competition, likewise, in those regions follow.

Similarly, in Asia, John mentioned in the upfront comments that we took some pricing, obviously, in the
first quarter. We were lapping promotions from the second quarter last year, although we have pricing
planned quite aggressively in the back half across the Asia region.

If you take the developed world, U.S. has been a little slow in terms of the market. I think everyone is
focusing on promotions and couponings to drive pricing. We haven't seen a lot of list price changes in
North America yet. And I would say that particularly holds true for Europe as well.

Our strategy continues to be, as we've outlined, very disciplined approach to revenue growth
management. We're taking list pricing where we see the opportunity. We're optimizing our promotional
spend. We're looking at price pack architecture. We're looking at all the levers within -- in revenue growth
managers to drive pricing overall.

The other point is, as you've heard, we're very focused on premium innovation. We continue to under-
indexes I've mentioned, and that's a real opportunity for us to drive overall gross margin percent in dollars
as we look at the back half of the year.

So I think the headline is pricing is going to have to come up in the back half. Everyone is faced with
the same challenges. And we anticipate that as we move into the back half, we'll see a little bit better
environment around developed markets and continue to focus on our revenue growth management
discipline across the world to do that with.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Kaumil Gajrawala with Crédit Suisse.

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

A couple of questions on local competition. It wasn't really that long ago, we were talking about market
share gains from local competition in a very -- in a variety of your kind of major markets. Can you maybe
talk about how that's evolved through the pandemic? What position we're in -- you're in now, particularly
maybe as it relates to pricing couponing, promo right at a time where it's necessary to push some pricing
through the market because of inflation?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Kaumil, thanks for the question. We talked about, I think, throughout 2020 and perhaps touch
on it a bit in the first quarter, the strength of our brands and the efficacy of our brands has certainly
brought consumers back into the mainstream, so to speak. I mean a lot of the local brands, relative to
the credibility they had in the market, which was questionable, we saw consumers returning to big brands
and certainly trusted brands in the market. And that was very prevalent in market -- in categories like
Personal Care, like Home Care, like Pet Nutrition as well as Oral Care, quite frankly. And so that certainly
has benefited us in terms of how we've seen the categories evolve.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

And I think that will continue, particularly given the overarching issues around COVID around the world,
consumers are still looking for big, trusted, efficacious brands, and we expect that to continue as we move
through the balance of the year.

John Faucher
Chief Investor Relations Officer

Kaumil, it's John. If I could add something to that. What I would say is, if you look at the success of the
local brands over the last 5 or 6 years, it's been a lot on differentiated benefits, Naturals, the way Naturals
is expressed in a number of different markets, different type of packaging, different media strategies and
mostly at premium prices.

So I think as you look at our innovation strategy that Noel talked about and you look at the type of
innovation we're putting out, whether it's Elixir in Europe or whether it's the Naturals relaunch in Africa/
Eurasia, we have the ability to compete more effectively with some of these local brands, and we can drive
that premiumization at the same time.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.

Kojo Boateng Achiampong
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

It's actually Kojo Achiampong on for Andrea. So just at a high level, can you maybe talk a little bit more
about some of the specific actions that you plan to take to help reverse some of those share losses,
particularly in the U.S. really in the core toothpaste and distribution categories?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Obviously, the North America performance was below our expectations. We had a lot of factors
driving that. Obviously, the impact of logistics challenges that we alluded to in the first quarter, we
continue to have some case fill issues in the second quarter, which obviously had an impact on our
promotional ability to put promotions in the market and obviously, therefore, share. We're working those
behind us. And as we move into the back half, those will be ideally gone. So we expect some of that to
come back.

We pushed a lot of the premiumization. That market has become highly competitive. We saw increased
activity in promotion and couponing in the second quarter. We have adjusted our plans for the back half of
the year, and our guidance reflects those plans for North America.

In -- likewise, in the dish business, we saw similar promotional activity. We've adjusted our promotional
plans for the back half. So by and large, we saw obviously some logistics challenge, some competitive
activity. Obviously, some of the comparisons that we had last year dealing with elevated categories kind
of obviously softening the dish liquid and the liquid hand soap category in the second quarter, but we
anticipate as we move through the back half, things will settle down and we have strong innovation and
promotion plans to rebuild the North America shares.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.

Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I had a question specifically on China. I'm conscious the margins were better in APAC than the rest of
the world, but also on a pullback in marketing spending with China declining, can you just provide any
additional perspective on what you're seeing in that market? And maybe by category and the rationale
behind the marketing? And how you see that going forward?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. So as John alluded to in his comments, we did see some weakness in the China business from
our Hawley & Hazel partner. That was specifically driven by -- that's a business that's heavily driven
downtrade. We have very strong distribution in CDE cities. And as we've seen e-commerce continue to
grow, our distributor network has been cautious on managing inventories as we've seen the brick-and-
mortar categories fundamentally flat, not growing so far in the first half of the year.

As e-commerce will potentially continue to accelerate and those inventories get drawn down, we expect
that will sort its way through in the back half of the year. Importantly, I think we're seeing terrific
growth on our e-commerce business, as we've talked about over the last couple of quarters. In fact, our
Colgate franchise and our Darlie franchise were 2 of the 3 fastest-growing brands in e-commerce retail
environment in the quarter and obviously up significantly versus where we were in the first quarter from
a share standpoint, which is really nice to see. That's driven behind a lot of good premium innovation that
we've had in the quarter.

The Miracle Repair continues to do well. We've launched a series of premium enzyme toothpaste as well.
So that continues to perform well. And the advertising is there in the back half to continue to grow that
business as we go out the year. So we're comfortable with where we are from an advertising standpoint.
Obviously, the comps versus a quarter last year where we had drawn down a bit of our advertising, we
saw a little bit of elevation in Asia in the second quarter, but good plans in the back half to continue to
drive share.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.

Christopher Armes
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

This is actually Chris Armes on for Mark. Just wanted to talk a little bit about Hill's growth, obviously, very
good. Maybe on the growth, if you could parse out how much is share gains versus just elevated category
growth? Can you kind of talk also about growth by geography and then also the growth from kind of new
-- from expansion to new markets versus existing markets?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure, Chris. Yes, overall, listen, Hill's had another fantastic quarter, a 15% comping. Obviously, a really
strong quarter last year, where we did double-digit growth as well. So we're hitting on all cylinders on that
business.

Growth is across the world. We had all of our regions up, with exception of Japan. Market share is
up across the board, typically where we're gaining market shares, namely in the U.S., which is our
largest market, as you know. We saw good share growth across most retail environments, both on the
Base Business, the Science Diet's businesses as well as the Prescription Diet business. That's behind a
continued focus on the strategy, which is the core renovation, premium innovation, new channels, in this
case, continue to grow online as well as farm and feed and obviously continuing to see an increase in the
Prescription Diet business, which has more and more pet owners returned to their vets, we see the benefit
of that coming through as well.

So across the board, very strong growth. And we continue to obviously invest for growth in that business,
and that continues to be the strategy moving into the back half of this year.

Operator

That will conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to
our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

John Faucher
Chief Investor Relations Officer

Noel, thank you. Obviously, an extremely volatile quarter. But again, I think we're continuing to execute
our strategy, as we've talked about for the last couple of years. Some real opportunities ahead and some
challenges that we'll face as we have in the past.

And so I simply want to extend my thanks to all the Colgate people listening for their incredible resilience
during these difficult times and look forward to a good back half of the company. Thank you.

Operator
That will conclude today's call. We appreciate your participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

