Colgate-Palmolive Company NYSE:CL
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, October 29, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.80

0.81

Revenue  (mm)

4398.56

4414.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-29-2021 1:17 PM GMT

1.25

0.35

0.82

3.22

3.43

4473.68

17481.71

18098.61

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.76

0.79

0.80

0.80

0.77

0.80

0.80

0.81

1.32 %

1.27 %

0.00 %

1.25 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John Faucher
Chief Investor Relations Officer

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Stanley J. Sutula
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Peter K. Grom
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Javier T. Escalante Manzo
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference
Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com.

Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer, John
Faucher. Please go ahead, John.

John Faucher
Chief Investor Relations Officer

Thanks, Jennifer. Good morning, and welcome to our 2021 Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference
Call. This is John Faucher, Chief Investor Relations Officer.

Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from
these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC,
including our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's
website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these
statements.

This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those
identified in Tables 8 and 9 in the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP
financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website.

Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and
Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. I will provide commentary on our Q3 performance as well as our latest
thoughts on 2021 guidance before turning it over to Noel to provide his thoughts on how we will continue
to deliver on our growth trajectory. We will then open it up for Q&A. [Operator Instructions]

Our focus on innovation, premiumization, pricing and productivity allowed us to deliver solid Q3 and year-
to-date results despite a very difficult operating environment. We continue to deliver against our targets
because we are executing consistently on the strategy Noel laid out at CAGNY back in 2019.

We are focused on delivering consistent, sustainable and profitable growth, both volume and pricing
growth, growth in all of our categories, growth in all of our divisions, emerging and developed markets.
And this has enabled us to deliver 11 straight quarters with organic sales growth in line with or above
our long-term target of 3% to 5%. This is despite very difficult comparisons and a challenging operating
environment.

The current operating environment is challenging in many different ways. Consumer mobility is limited in
many markets, particularly in Asia, due to government restrictions to stop the spread of COVID-19, which
is having a negative impact on category growth. These restrictions have also led to temporary closure of
manufacturing facilities across many industries, as you have heard in the news and from other companies.

We are not immune to these restrictions. Although, given the essential nature of our categories, we
produce products that people and their pets use on a daily basis to lead healthier lives, we have been able
to resume production throughout our network, although, sometimes, at a lower-than-normal level. This
did have a slight impact on sales in the third quarter, and we expect a modest impact in the fourth quarter
as we ramp production back up.

We are fortunate to have a flexible and resilient global supply chain that has helped us to offset some of
the effects of these supply chain challenges, albeit sometimes with additional logistics costs. Speaking
of logistics, the stress on global logistics networks is creating shortages of raw materials, lengthening
shipment times, increasing costs and adding additional uncertainty. All of this is on top of the significant
increases in raw material costs and continued movement in foreign exchange. These challenges will
continue into next year, but we will continue to meet them head on.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

Our net sales grew 6.5% in the quarter, driven by 4.5% organic sales growth and a 2% benefit from
foreign exchange. Our organic sales growth in the third quarter was led by Oral Care, where we were up
mid-single digits; and Pet Nutrition, where we were up double digits. We delivered organic sales growth in
Home Care despite a difficult comparison, which puts our Home Care business at double-digit growth on a
2-year stack.

As expected, organic sales in Personal Care declined mid-single digits as we lap the COVID-related growth
in liquid hand soap in the year ago period, but sales remain above 2019 levels. We grew volume 1.5%
in the quarter. Pricing grew 3% in the quarter, up sequentially from Q2 despite a more difficult 4.5%
comparison as we continue to layer in new pricing to try to offset accelerating raw material costs. Pricing
was up in every category and every division.

Raw materials continued to increase in Q3, putting further pressure on our gross margins despite
additional pricing and productivity efforts. Our gross margin was down 180 basis points in the quarter.
Pricing was a 110 basis point benefit to gross margin, while raw materials were a 510 basis point
headwind despite a slight benefit from transactional foreign exchange. Productivity was favorable by 220
basis points.

On a GAAP and base business basis, our SG&A was up 50 basis points on a percent of sales, driven by
significant increase in logistics costs, as advertising was up on a dollar basis but flat on a percent of sales
basis. Excluding logistics and advertising, our overheads were down slightly on a dollar basis and down
nicely on a percent of sales basis.

We continue to increase our investments in capabilities like digital, e-commerce and data and analytics,
but this was more than offset by sales leverage and tight expense controls. For the third quarter, on a
GAAP basis, our operating profit was down 5% year-over-year, while it was down 3% on a base business
basis. Our EPS was down 7% on a GAAP basis and up 3% on a base business basis.

A few comments on our divisional performance. Net sales in North America grew 1% in the third quarter,
with organic sales growth of 0.5% and 50 basis points of favorable foreign exchange. Volumes were flat in
the quarter despite a negative nearly 400 basis point impact from lower liquid hand soap volumes, while
pricing was slightly favorable.

We made significant progress on our North American business in the quarter with solid Oral Care
growth, driven by mid-single-digit growth in toothpaste, which led to improved toothpaste market share
performance through the quarter. Personal Care and Home Care were both down as we lapped COVID
benefits in the year ago period, although EltaMD and PCA Skin delivered strong growth in the quarter.

North America operating margins were negatively impacted by raw materials and higher logistics costs.
The impact of plant closures on our global supply chain required us to incur additional air freight charges
to fulfill customer orders in the quarter. We also incurred some additional manufacturing costs in the
quarter that should help improve the long-term profitability of the division.

Latin America net sales were up 11%, with 8% organic sales growth and a 300 basis point benefit from
foreign exchange. All 3 categories delivered organic sales growth in the quarter, with Oral Care organic
sales growth in the high single digits. Volume was plus 2.5% in the quarter, while pricing was up 5.5%.

Brazil and Mexico led the growth in the quarter, while Colombia delivered double-digit growth following
last quarter's political unrest. The Natural segment continues to be a key driver of growth for us across
Latin America, particularly Colgate Natural Extracts Charcoal. And we recently launched Colgate Zero
toothpaste in Brazil. Our strong Latin America pricing growth highlights the success of our revenue growth
management program, with a combination of list price increases, premium innovation and trade promo
adjustments.

Europe net sales grew 1% in the quarter, with organic sales minus 1% and foreign exchange adding 2%.
Volume was down 1% and pricing was flat. Oral Care organic sales grew high single digits, while Personal
Care organic sales were down sharply, driven by difficult liquid hand soap comparisons due to COVID-
related consumption in the year ago period and a decline in Filorga duty-free sales.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

Colgate Elixir toothpaste continued to drive growth in the quarter, along with strong contributions from
elmex and meridol.

Asia Pacific net sales grew 1% and organic sales declined 0.5% in the quarter, with volume down slightly
and pricing and foreign exchange both slightly positive. Oral Care saw low single-digit organic sales growth
in the quarter, while Personal Care and Home Care were down due to difficult COVID comparisons.

We did see government-imposed mobility restrictions negatively impacting category volumes in several
markets, including many in Southeast Asia. India and the Colgate China business both delivered strong
volume growth behind robust innovation in the ayurvedic segment in India and in e-commerce in China.
Our Hawley & Hazel JV saw a significantly improved performance in Q3 versus Q2, with trends also
improving sequentially through the quarter.

Africa/Eurasia net sales grew 1% in the quarter, with an organic sales decline of 1% lapping double-digit
organic growth in the year ago period, more than offset by a 2% positive impact from foreign exchange.
Volumes were minus 4.5%, while pricing was plus 3.5%. The organic sales growth decline in the quarter
was driven by Personal Care, as we lap double-digit growth in the year ago period due to COVID-related
demand and pricing. Oral Care organic sales in the quarter were flat as disruptions in the global supply
chain had a negative impact on product availability.

Hill's strong growth continued in the third quarter, with 20% net sales growth and 19% organic sales
growth, with strong growth in both emerging and developed markets. Organic sales growth was
driven by double-digit volume growth and high single-digit pricing through list price increases and our
premiumization strategies. Our focus on the microbiome, which Pat Burton talked about during our CAGNY
presentation this year, continues to pay dividends with the ActivBiome+ Technology, including in Hill's
Prescription Diet Gastrointestinal Biome and Hill's Science Diet Perfect Digestion, both of which are driving
sales growth and share in this important segment.

And now for guidance. We still expect organic sales growth for the year to be within our 3% to 5% long-
term target range. As I mentioned previously, we have seen an impact from government actions to stem
the spread of COVID-19, including reduced consumer mobility and supply chain interruptions. We are
managing through these issues, but we would expect modest headwinds from this to continue in the
fourth quarter.

Using current spot rates, we expect foreign exchange to be a low single-digit benefit for the year, although
slightly less favorable than when we gave guidance in July. Please note that at current spot rates, foreign
exchange would have a negative impact on Q4. All in, we still expect net sales to be up 4% to 7%.

Given the continued pressures from raw materials, we are projecting a greater decline in gross margin
than when we last gave guidance in July. Fourth quarter gross margin is expected to be roughly in line
with the third quarter, although the raw material situation remains very difficult. We continue to take
additional steps to mitigate the impact of these cost headwinds, including additional pricing; optimizing
trade spending; accelerating FTG, where available; and many others.

We are focused on recouping the gross margin we have lost due to cost inflation over time and are
planning to take the actions necessary to do so. Advertising is still expected to be up on a dollar basis
but flat on a percent of sales basis. Given the issues surrounding logistics networks on a global basis, our
logistics costs will continue to be a headwind, particularly in the U.S. and Africa/Eurasia.

Our tax rate is now expected to be between 22% and 23% for the year on both a GAAP and base business
basis. On a GAAP basis, we still expect earnings per share growth in the low to mid-single digits, and as
we said on the second quarter call, towards the lower end of that range. On a base business basis, we
continue to expect earnings per share growth in the mid- to high single digits. Again, we would expect to
land at the lower end of that range.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Noel.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

Well, thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. So what I take away from our performance, I guess,
both in the third quarter and on a year-to-date basis, is that we continue to make good progress on our
strategic and operational journey despite the significant volatility we are encountering across our entire
business.

At the heart of this is our strategy to deliver broad-based sustainable profitable growth, every division,
every category, both volume and pricing. That's our aspiration. And over the past few years, we have
changed our mindset about how we drive growth. We're more proactive in attacking the opportunities
for growth, think core, premium adjacencies, faster alternative channels and markets. And of course, we
talked a lot about building capabilities, think digital, data, e-commerce, innovation. All of these are helping
us mine these important areas of growth.

While locked in our most difficult comparisons in over a decade, we've delivered organic sales growth at
the high end of our long-term target range of 3% to 5%. And on a 2-year basis, both pricing and volume
growth increased sequentially in the quarter. Importantly, this growth is being driven by our 2 most
important categories: Oral Care and Pet Nutrition.

Oral Care organic sales were up mid-single digits in Q3 against the mid-single-digit comparison and are
up high single digits year-to-date. We're driving this growth through more impactful innovation; share
growth in faster-growth channels, like e-commerce and pharmacies; and higher, more efficient marketing
spending. Our premiumization strategy is paying off with our focus on breakthrough and transformational
innovation, changing how we interact with the people who use our products.

A great example of this is how we've changed our approach to whitening. In the U.S., you're familiar with
Optic White Renewal, which has done incredibly well. Outside the U.S., the story needs to be more about
just hydrogen peroxide levels. In China, it's about enzyme-based whitening. In other markets, we have
whitening products targeted towards consumers who would love tea or coffee or consumers who love
wine or tobacco. We're targeting the whitening opportunity much more broadly with new technologies,
formulations and delivery systems, expanding our growth potential.

Pet Nutrition organic sales growth was up 19% in the quarter against an 11% comparison and is now
up 14% year-to-date through quarter 3. This growth is driven by Hill's science-based equity messaging
behind our core. It's driven by meaningful premium innovation and the continued expertise of our digital
and e-commerce teams.

The launch of Prescription Diet Derm Complete, those breakthrough therapeutic nutrition for both food and
environmental sensitivities, has led to share gains in the category and is being rolled out internationally
over the next few quarters. Hill's goal of ending pet obesity, where studies show over 50% of pets are
overweight, is the impetus for our Hill's master brand campaign. This campaign has been rolled out
globally and has driven growth in both our therapeutic and wellness anti-obesity products.

In this type of environment, we couldn't deliver the results without -- this year without the amazing work
done by Colgate people every day. Our customer development organization is reacting quickly to the
changing cost environment so we can take pricing as part of the revenue growth management initiative.
Marketing and R&D are working together to accelerate the launch of premium innovation to drive mix and
profitability.

And most importantly, our global supply chain team has delivered these results despite freight and
logistics disruptions, plant closures, congested ports and supplier outages. Importantly, all the efforts we
have put into building capabilities over the past few years is not just about driving growth. It's also about
creating an organization that can respond more rapidly to all these challenges we face around the world.

For example, our focus on data and analytics is helping our revenue growth management program
pinpoint the best opportunities for incremental pricing as costs continue to rise. We're getting this pricing
out in the market more quickly, and the data that drives the process gives our people on the ground more
confidence in their decisions.

Our investment in e-commerce and digital marketing continues to pay off. In our 6 largest e-commerce
markets for Oral Care, we finished the third quarter with year-to-date net sales already ahead of '22 net

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

sales -- 2020 net sales, and toothpaste share growth in 5 of the 6 markets. We've implemented a new
media buying strategy to drive efficiencies, both online and offline, and launched a 4-tier training program
to enable 14,000 of our employees to help drive our digital strategy.

As I've said, the key to all of this is that we recognize that the strategy is working. And while we address
the pressing issues of raw materials, logistics and supply chain, we can't lose sight of our long-term areas
of focus. Our innovation calendar for 2022 will show an increase in the percentage of innovation that is
breakthrough and transformational.

We've announced our new sustainability and social impact strategy this year, which includes 11 new
targets and actions in areas like zero waste, climate change, using less plastic, as well as Bright Smiles,
Bright Futures and our diversity, equity and inclusion efforts. And we will continue to build our people and
capabilities through new ways of working that are truly changing how Colgate people do their jobs.
2021 has been a very challenging year for us, and many of these challenges will continue in 2022. But I'm
confident of the changes that Colgate people put in place over the past several years, which will allow us
to continue to deliver our goal of sustainable, profitable growth. And now I'll open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So Noel, can you review your Oral Care market share performance globally, maybe compare and contrast
some of the regions that are performing better versus laggards? And if you take a step back, looking at
the strategies you laid out at CAGNY a few years ago, which strategies have sort of taken hold in Oral Care
or working? Maybe what are some of the areas where you might need some more work?

And if I can just slip in a related second part. Can you also update us on the competitive and the pricing
environment in Oral Care in light of the higher cost environment here?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Thanks, Dara. So overall, we're pleased with the progress that we're making on Oral Care,
particularly in toothpaste and manual toothbrushes. If you take our shares on a constant currency
basis, they're relatively flat, which is better than where we had been. When you start to go around the
world, particularly as you look at new channels, we're very pleased with the progress we're making in e-
commerce and pharmacy. So let's just bounce around the world a bit.

North America still has been a little bit soft, but we've seen the shares bounce back nicely in the last 13
weeks, and where our shares are actually flat now on an all-outlet basis. If you take e-commerce and all
the untracked channels, our estimation is our shares are back to flat in the U.S., slightly up, which is good
progress, particularly as we've seen the acceleration of some of the premium SKUs that we've launched in
the market, particularly whitening over the last 13 weeks. And likewise, our e-commerce shares continue
to be good, not as strong as our general market, but progressing in North America.

Europe, the shares have been strong. Our elmex and -- our strategy behind elmex and meridol has been
very successful in pushing those businesses across all of our core markets. Our shares continue to be
up across that region, and we continue to see the shift toward our premium bundles, which was, again,
part of the strategy change that we outlined back at CAGNY that we were going to focus on underserved
channels, like pharmacy, with some of our premium therapeutic equities like meridol and elmex.

Latin America, the shares continue to be very strong, flat in the quarter, slightly down as a result of
some of the promotional volume that we've given up in Mexico, which has been quite significant. But
Brazil shares continue to be pretty good and trending nicely, particularly behind strong revenue growth
management initiatives that have characterized the Brazilian subsidiary for so long. But overall, pretty
good.

Africa, pretty good. Good shares in South Africa. Better shares in Russia as we move to a premiumization
strategy there, so we're pleased with that aspect as well.

China has been a terrific performance in the quarter for us, Dara. We've seen our e-commerce shares
across both the Hawley & Hazel joint venture as well as the Colgate franchise be the fastest-growing
SKUs in the market. We are the fastest-growing manufacturer in the market. Our shares on the Colgate
business in China now are up after many years of declines when you combine both brick-and-mortar as
well as e-commerce. So overall, very pleased.

And again, I think that's a testament to the strategy and the strategic changes we made with our portfolio.
Remember that a big focus in China was getting the premiumization part of the portfolio fixed. The growth
in e-commerce has all been premium SKUs, which priced at about 300 index to the general market. So
again, I think good innovation at that end of the market is helping to drive our business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

And you heard in the upfront comments, obviously, e-commerce across the world, once again, is driving
nice shares for us, particularly in Oral Care, where we've had a lot of focus. Coming back to the question
around the strategy on Oral Care, again, the focus was premium, innovation and new channels.

And if you take our pharmacy growth across the world in toothpaste, very strong, particularly in key
markets where we're really focused, which have been in Africa, Europe and Latin America, particularly
Brazil. You see our pharmacy shares continuing to grow, and we've got a good pipeline of innovation
coming in 2022 that's going to be specifically tailored towards pharmacy growth. And likewise, e-
commerce being the other fast-growth channel, and obviously just articulated the success we're having
there.

Therapeutic was the other big focus that we had in CAGNY in terms of where we're going to push the Oral
Care business, particularly toothpaste. We've expanded meridol and elmex strategically into core markets,
where we see big pharmacy classes of trade and where we see the therapeutic segment growing. And
our success has been quite notable, particularly in those markets, whether you look at Brazil specifically,
whether you look at the Middle East where we've been quite successful as well. So again, I think that
strategy seems to be taking hold.

Naturals has, quite frankly, been a little bit soft, and I think that's coming out of the COVID period where
consumers traded to more therapeutic-efficacious brand, so to speak. And the Naturals segment was
softer than we would have expected. So Hello here in North America, shares are stable, but not growing
as much as we anticipated. We did indicate that we're rolling that out selectively into some core markets
around the world, and that will unfold in the balance of this quarter and into the first quarter of next year.

So overall, I think the strategies that we outlined are working. Certainly, as you've seen from the results
there, mid-single digits in the quarter and high single on the year for Oral Care, which has been absolutely
terrific and consistent. And that is on top of a marketplace that, quite frankly, is growing considerably
below that right now. So again, we think we're driving share globally on -- when you look at it on an all-
outlet basis, particularly given the organic growth sequential improvements that we're seeing.

Operator

We'll go next to Peter Grom with UBS.

Peter K. Grom
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So Noel, I was hoping to get your perspective on kind of what you're seeing in the current environment
and how that informs your view on the growth trajectory as we look ahead to '22, right? So the top line
momentum is strong. And as you mentioned, inflation and FX headwinds are expected to continue. And I
don't expect guidance, but I would just love to get your perspective on how we should think about margin
progression looking out beyond Q4.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, listen, Peter, you've heard it. I think throughout the earnings season, so far, that obviously cost
inflation is significant for all the fast-moving consumer goods, and we're certainly not immune to that. And
-- but what we are very good at is pricing. And you've seen that consistently over -- time and time over
the years. Whether it's foreign exchange inflation or raw and packing material inflation, we have found
ways over time to recover that in our margin line. And that is certainly the focus right now in the business.

The good news is when you have an inflationary environment that's indexed around raw materials, you
tend to have everyone looking to take pricing in the market. And that makes it more conducive, certainly,
from a category standpoint and making sure that as everyone takes pricing, that the volume continues to
go along with that. So we're pleased that we've seen pricing in the marketplace.

We've been leading that across the board, quite frankly, particularly in the emerging markets where we've
taken pricing quite aggressively throughout the first half and very much into the third quarter, and we've

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

laid out pricing for the fourth quarter and into early 2022. So we'll see the margins begin to recover. Now
the environment you've heard around raw materials and logistics continues to be extremely volatile, and
we anticipate that we'll continue to see some headwinds in that space. The team understands that and is
putting the strategies into place in order to recover margins as we move forward.

We will also be heightened -- heightening our focus around revenue growth management. That discipline
is going to be really embedded much more so, given the fact that we've now put some analytical
processes in place to help the teams, as I outlined, which we think is terrific. It will give the teams a lot
more confidence on the pricing that we're taking, to ensure that we're working with our trade partners to
grow category at the same time as we take pricing to recover costs. So we're pleased with that.

Likewise, had a lot of discussions over the last couple of months on our grids, our new product grids,
relative to premium innovation and making sure that we continue to focus on that area of the business,
where, as you know, historically, we have under-indexed. And we've seen good progress against that,
particularly as you look at some of the premium businesses that we have around the world, whether it be
elmex, meridol, or some of the prices we've taken on our therapeutic bundles within the Colgate portfolio.
So overall, a tough raw material environment will continue to be very choppy, but we're very focused in
terms of taking pricing and ensuring that we push our premium innovation moving forward.

Operator

We'll go next to Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So could you talk about your supply chain? And I know you mentioned the issues in China. But I think,
2 parts to this question, like, a is like what is happening globally? Do you see mostly things sequentially
improving? Or it's still very tough to service clients and customers globally?

And b, I think you said there was an impact in the third quarter, and it's going to linger in China in the
fourth. I'm assuming this is not material, but just wondering if you can quantify.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure, Andrea. You've come to know Colgate and the fact that we consider our supply chain a competitive
advantage for us. And that is the fact that we operate globally with some of the most efficient facilities
around the world. And the benefit of that has obviously translated into the strong gross margin
progression that we've seen over the years.

That being said, when you operate a global supply chain, you're not immune to decisions taken locally
that will impact that. And obviously, in Asia, where we have seen governments taking actions to stop the
spread of COVID, whether it be that or obviously impacting some of our suppliers and our third-party
contractors, we've seen disruption in the supply chain. And as a result of that, we have the contingencies
in place to move that production elsewhere, which the team has done just a tremendous job in servicing
the sales need of the business.

And you've seen that, obviously, in the acceleration or the continuous good top line growth that we've
had. And that's a function of our supply chain, ensuring that we meet the demand of our products and our
retailers. And we moved production around the world to do that. That comes with a cost that certainly we
incurred in the quarter.

Some of the disruptions specifically related to what we've referred to in our commentary, we're moving
through those very quickly. We have moved behind one that was quite significant. And we're back to
where we needed to be in terms of output, and we're back to pretty close on some of the other ones. We
expect that to be fully back in capacity by the end of the quarter, this quarter.

But that being said, the environment is very unpredictable. And we'll continue to try to anticipate some
of these things moving forward, as we've done, but one can never be for sure when a government

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

decides to come in and shut down a province or an area based on their needs. Likewise, this has a big
impact, obviously, on the rest of the supply chain, whether it be raw material sourcing, whether it be our
contractors.

You heard in John's commentary, we did take some decisions, particularly in North America, around some
of the contractors that we use in order to clean that up and move into a supply chain strategy that allows
us to exit some of those and get more efficiencies moving forward. So we're taking all the right decisions,
moving through the issues that we had in the third quarter, but we're not immune to the unpredictability
of the supply chain environment that everyone is faced with today.

Operator

We'll go next to Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I was hoping you can talk about -- hey, I was hoping you can talk about pet. It's been a remarkable
turnaround over the last few years, but obviously, improvements in market share, but also category
growth. So I just wanted to see if you can unpack some of the drivers that you see for the business? And
how long do you think this higher pet adoption phenomenon that we've seen during COVID will continue to
be an incremental tailwind?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Listen, the pet business has been terrific, obviously. I think a lot of the change in strategies that we
deployed a couple of years ago, which, again, are based foundationally on exactly all the stuff we're trying
to deploy across the world, really working on the core of our business, looking at premium innovation and
continuing to really dial up our focus on high-growth channels. And that's exactly what's unfolded over the
last couple of years. And that strategy is continuing, obviously, to get sharper and sharper as we execute
it more broadly across the Hill's network around the world.

A lot of that growth has come out of North America, which has been terrific. I mean the double-digit
growth compounding each other, U.S. had another outstanding quarter in the third quarter. Again,
we're benefiting from a quite buoyant category. But the important part that you called out is we're
growing share quite consistently, not only across our wellness products or our core products, but also our
therapeutic products and Prescription Diet.

We're seeing, obviously, veterinarians open back up. That is certainly improving the consumption of our
Prescription Diet. We talked at length about the innovation process we had behind Hill's, which, I think,
is second to none in the category right now, bringing real science and real therapeutic benefits to pet
owners. And we're seeing that translate into, obviously, more penetration and growing share.

We continue to talk about the low awareness of Hill's, both in North America and around the world. That
affords us a significant opportunity as we continue to build that brand consistently all over the world, and
we're continuing to invest behind that business. Despite the fact that raw materials are a headwind, we're
not going to jeopardize the health of the brand by cutting back on our investment. We will continue to
invest to grow awareness and that ultimately is growing penetration in the category.

So we feel very good about where we are. Obviously, the comparisons continue to get tough, but those
have been tough. And we continue to see good progress on the strategy, our ability to take pricing and our
ability to bring in new consumers to the franchise.

Operator

We'll go next to Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.

Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

I wanted to get a bit more context in North America. So you said that you had incurred some extra
manufacturing costs in the quarter. I think you just noted there were some efficiencies with contract
manufacturers. But the comment was, in the prepared remarks, I believe, to improve the long-term
profitability of that business. And I was wondering if you could just expand on that.

Do you think like a lack of scale or efficiency or something else in the manufacturing base has been a
cause of the margin compression in that business? And do you have opportunities to offset that? Am I
reading that wrong? I guess, just overall, in the context of the pressure on margins and the commentary
around some of the actions you're taking above, a bit more perspective.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Sure. Yes, let me jump into that in a little bit more detail. Obviously, it was somewhat of a perfect
storm in the third quarter for us as we looked at the business in North America, significant inflation in
raw materials, obviously, that came through in the quarter. Logistics was probably the most significant
headwind we had in the last couple of months versus where we were previously.

Obviously, you're not -- you're clearly aware of the logistics industry and whatever -- what's going on,
tighter capacity, tighter labor, higher costs, obviously -- which have obviously fueled significant increases
in rates internally within North America, not to mention the fact that there's a lot of congestion going on
and a lot of delays in getting product to and from where it needs to be. So as a result, we've been very
focused on working with our retailers to ensure that we can continue to improve upon that.

The other areas I mentioned earlier, we have this incredibly efficient global supply chain, but we do source
product from different parts of the world. And you've seen, obviously, ocean freight increases -- increased
dramatically over the last 3 months or 4 months. We have not been immune to that. North America, quite
frankly, brings quite a bit of its product from overseas. While we have very substantial manufacturing
presence in North America, we do bring product from overseas, which has obviously been a victim of those
price increases we've seen in ocean freights.

The other one is we have seen increased demand, particularly in some of our Oral Care products. And we
want to continue to service that as we always have, consistently and reliably to our trade partners. And as
a result of that, we made decisions to airfreight product in to ensure that we had sufficient supply for our
retailers. That airfreight did not come without a significant cost. We will move through that, clearly, as we
move through this year and into next year. And so we'll see those costs come out.

And as you alluded to in your question, we did take some important strategic decisions on how we look at
our network and our supply chain, both from a contractor standpoint as well as what we source internally
within our facilities, and made some decisions in the quarter that will allow us to rework some of those
contracts and hopefully drive more profitability in the long term.

So overall, we're pleased. Good Oral Care growth, which is obviously where we want to see that business
continue to grow. The business is looking at, obviously, a pricing environment that's becoming more
conducive to take pricing historically, which has not been the case. And they're very focused on their
new product grids around premium innovation, which is a strong plan for 2022 and a resurgence of focus
around revenue growth management, given how important it is that we offset some of that compression
we're seeing at the margin line.

So overall, we're -- a difficult quarter for North America, but they've got the plans in place. And we think
some of the things that we were working through in the quarter will be behind us as we move forward into
'22.

Operator

And we'll go next to Wendy Nicholson with Citi.

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

You guys have such huge market shares in some of your categories in emerging markets. I wondered if
you could take a step back and just comment on what you're seeing. I mean, we don't really have a sense
for -- has consumer behavior changed in some of those markets? Is there a lag effect from COVID, either
-- did consumer stockpile or has their price sensitivity change?

Just in some of your bigger markets, I figured you guys are a good company to ask about what you're
seeing on the ground. You had 3.5% growth in emerging markets on the volume side, which is good
but not great. And I'm just wondering if there's something other than just tough comps, if there's a
change in the way consumers shop or how much they have to spend kind of from a high-level, big picture
perspective.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Let me just address the 3.5% quickly, Wendy. Obviously, that was drawn down by some of the
shutdowns we saw across Asia and the lack of mobility. Out Southeast Asia, in fact, very little mobility.
We saw categories fall off quite dramatically across Southeast Asia, and that certainly had an impact on
volume in the quarter. And as you heard John mention, if you really want to dimensionalize a lot of the
volume softness in the quarter, it was liquid hand soap, which was a headwind of 400 basis points in the
North America business alone.

But let me step back to your broader question on what's going on around the world coming out of COVID
and what we're seeing in terms of category behaviors. Oral Care was not a COVID beneficiary. And
obviously, it was not in the same cap as we saw from some of our Personal Care businesses, which saw a
significant acceleration in consumption and a more systemic behavior change across the world.

So Oral Care, as mobility comes back into the market, we continue to see the Oral Care categories
growing, and that's good for us long term. Obviously, getting more and more consumers back in the stores
will allow more consumption and more category-driven initiatives to take place. And so we think, over the
longer term, we're going to see Oral Care continue to accelerate.

Personal Care and Home Care were obviously quite significant beneficiaries during COVID. While the
liquid hand soap has taken a significant drop off this year, it still remains above the 2019 levels. And as
you rightfully said, we're the #1 liquid hand so player, certainly in North America and around the world.
And that we'll see that behavior at least stay with the consumer above the'19 levels, but certainly not
anywhere close to where they were in 2020.

Hygiene products that we're very focused on in our Home Care business, whether it be dish liquids or
floor cleaners, I think we'll continue to see nice growth in those categories. You heard John mention the
Home Care growth that we've seen. As more and more consumers stay home, obviously, there's more
dishes being cleaned and more floors being cleaned, and that has allowed that category to continue to be
quite robust. But as consumers move back and mobility comes back in the markets or people return to
work, you may see a little bit softness in those longer term. But overall, we think we're positioned well,
particularly in the Oral Care space.

If you go to pet food, obviously, the significant adoption that we've seen over the last 2 years during
COVID and the fact that we're now executing much, much better against our strategy, we feel very
good about where the -- where things are moving there. And there has been a behavior change,
unquestionably, in that category where consumers have returned to science and nutrition and very focused
on that space, which we are obviously very, very driven by right now.

Operator

We'll go next to Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

Question, Noel. I want to come back to the pricing strategy and implications on gross margin over the
next 12 months. So specifically, with all the pricing that's going into place, you guys have done a fantastic
job of funding the growth for decades. My question is, is the intention, as you sit here today with all
the volatility in the environment, that you can fully offset the input cost pressure and everything you're
dealing with on a supply chain perspective with pricing and productivity?

Is that a realistic ambition? Is that the realistic goal as you're sitting here from a risk management
perspective? Is that something you think you can do? Or is the cost inflation and supply chain pressures
just too great at this point? I'm just trying to get a better understanding of how you guys are thinking
about it, how you're pricing and how you're thinking about productivity.

And then if I could just sneak in 1 related question. A lot of interest around demand elasticity, which has
been relatively low, I think, across many categories, just observe -- and which we understand was going
to vary by category, by geography, by channel. Just some broader observations there, Noel, what you're
seeing so far with the pricing in place for your business would be helpful.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. So Kevin, you obviously watched us closely and price has always been a key driver of our organic
growth, given how we look at the markets around the world. And we've consistently looked for quick ways
to get pricing in the market, not only to drive category growth, but obviously, to protect the margin, which
ultimately allows us to protect the advertising.

And it's worth mentioning that, obviously, on a 2-year stack, that this was the highest pricing number
we've seen in many years for us. So again, I think it reflects a consistent discipline we have across the
board of taking pricing quickly in the markets. You heard me talking a little bit about how we're using data
and revenue growth management now to get that information on the ground quickly to the teams so they
can do what they need to do to analyze to take pricing across the board.

But it's not just going to be pricing. We will look at, obviously, premium innovation and getting our mix
improved, not only within our portfolios, but channel mix as well. I talked a little bit about the importance
of driving pharmacy growth around the world, which is a growth opportunity for the company, particularly
in Oral Care. That typically trades at a much better margin for the company, given the therapeutic profile
of those bundles.

We're obviously going to continue to embed significant revenue growth management initiatives all over the
world, not just in some of the key inflationary markets. And as we talked about earlier, we're deploying
some pretty nice strategies around the emerging markets right now to ensure that we get pricing up
beyond just list prices.

The other piece of this is productivity. Historically, you've seen us do a really good job around funding the
growth. This quarter was no exception, adding 220 basis points to the margin line. But we're really dialing
that up, not just simply from a cost standpoint, but really looking at efficiencies across the organization.
And going into 2022, looking at how we look to find optimized ways to run our business more efficiently,
and we'll continue to do that as we historically have done and find ways to pull costs out of the system.

John mentioned it in his commentary, our overheads were actually down very nicely in the quarter on a
percent of sales. And again, I think that's part of the cost focus that we have at looking at our business
and making sure that we're finding ways to optimize. So it's going to be a multitude of different things,
and we'll continue to see that, although it will take some time, to be sure. These things don't move in
a straight line. We're taking pricing where we can, as quickly as we can. We're obviously watching the
competitiveness of the market.

But as I mentioned earlier, this is an environment that everyone is facing right now, which tends
to allow everyone to find ways to take pricing up in the category. So we don't feel we will be in an
anticompetitive position, but we will be very close to watch that markets to ensure that we continue to
remain competitive.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

The other piece of this we haven't really mentioned is the advertising. And we continue to focus on being
-- building our brands and being competitive in the marketplace. And that is a key driver of the consistent
top line growth you're seeing in the company right now, and we'll continue to do everything we can to
protect that advertising line. And obviously, working through the middle of the P&L will be critical in that
regard.

Operator

We'll go next to Jason English with Goldman Sachs.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I guess I want to pick up on Mr. Grom's question around margin progression, but zooming in a bit more
just in North America. If we step back, I know it's a tough year with cost and logistics, et cetera. But if
we step back and just look over the last 5 years, you're on track to have lost 1,300, 1,400 basis points
of profit margins in North America. And I think you're also on track to actually have market shares lower
than you were 5 years ago over that duration.

So Noel, can you just give us some context around what's happening with the investment plans in North
America? What's happening with the strategy there? And do you think you've got the right investment
posture, the right innovation plans to compete effectively in the market? Is this a low point on margins?
Can we bounce back from here? Is this like an enduring point? Just any context you can give us around
the profitability and the performance in that market.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Thanks, Jason. So we talked about Oral Care, obviously, a big focus for us in the North America
business. That was strong again in the quarter, up mid-single digits. I won't repeat what I talked about in
terms of share growth, particularly in the last 13 weeks. We are more competitive in the U.S. market. We
were not competitive in the first half. We've dialed up our competitiveness, and we're seeing the benefits
of that translate into better share progression, particularly across some of our premium bundles.

We continue to support the business quite well. We think we're in a good place where we need to be.
But obviously, as any market, I would say, more support is always better. We're looking for increased
efficiencies in that business as we move forward in order to accelerate gross margin.

As I mentioned earlier, North America was disproportionately hit with raw material inflation and logistics.
And we took decisions very deliberately in the quarter to address demand that obviously had an effect
in that quarter. So we anticipate that will start to come out as we move through the fourth quarter and
certainly as we move into the first half of 2022.

That being said, the raw material environment continues to be very volatile and unpredictable, and we'll
take the decisions that we need to take to remain competitive. We are very focused on growing the North
America business. It is a priority for the company. We are ensuring that we give them what they need in
order to address the challenges and the competitiveness of that marketplace. And we expect that we'll
continue to see good gross margin expansion over time.

I do think this is a low for us, but I say that in the context of an environment that's quite unpredictable.
But given what we saw go through in the third quarter, we anticipate that things will get better as we
move forward.

Operator

We'll go next to Kaumil Gajrawala with Crédit Suisse.

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

Kind of a follow-up a little bit on Jason's second question on price elasticity. And maybe just linked to price
elasticity, if you can also just maybe comment on the consumer condition for various areas around the
world.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Listen, we've historically led pricing in so many of our markets. And in the emerging markets, you
tend to see a little bit more elasticity early on, but we are focused on ensuring that our innovation process
is across multiple price tiers. And so when you combine pricing with innovation at the same time, we find
that we can rebuild consumption quite quickly. So elasticity tends to dissipate over time, certainly, as we
get the new innovation in the market and communicate that. So we're quite confident in where we are in
emerging markets.

Developed markets tend to be a little bit more difficult. You know, historically, taking pricing in Europe
and North America has been a challenge. We have certainly shifted a lot of our focus to now relaunching
brands, relaunching the core, bringing more premium innovation in the market in order to drive pricing.
And typically then, as you bring value-added, consumer-oriented benefits to the category, you can take
pricing, and therefore, the elasticity isn't as dramatic. So we will see it over time.

I think that as everyone is raising pricing, it's fundamentally in the categories that we compete in. That
tends to reduce elasticity as well. One might ask, where is private label in this environment? Private
label shares were down in every single category in which we compete fundamentally. So the news is big
brands are winning. And I think as long as you bring good quality innovation, you continue to support
that innovation with good content, and it's personalized and targeted, we think we can offset some of the
elasticity.

But that being said, the raw material environment is significant. And pricing will be significant over the
next few quarters in order to offset that moving forward. But we want to do that to make sure we protect
our advertising line.

Operator

We'll go next to Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Noel, I guess, maybe to summarize a lot of what we've talked about so far, just trying to cut through
some of the noise around manufacturing closings and mobility restrictions and bottle -- supply chain
bottlenecks, et cetera. I guess, I'm trying to get a better sense for how you're seeing Colgate's
momentum trending, particularly on the Oral, Home and Personal Care businesses.

As I look at it, I think I see directional improvements. They're evident this quarter sequentially. But at
the same time, in most regions, I think overall performance came in lighter than many of us had hoped
on the outside. So again, can you maybe just summarize the sequential momentum as you see it on a
global basis, maybe how you expect things to progress in fourth quarter ex Hills and what the early setup
is heading into the new fiscal year in terms of building that momentum further?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, Steve. We're very pleased with the momentum. I mentioned it in my comments, up sequentially. Our
2-year stack on volume and pricing in this environment, we think, is a terrific result, driven by our core
focus areas, which is Oral Care and Pet Nutrition. So Oral Care continues to drive good sequential growth
quarter-to-quarter. We talked about it, mid-singles in the quarter, high singles on the year. Obviously, the
Pet Nutrition business, double digits, comping double digits. So again, I think some terrific progress there.

Personal Care significantly impacted by COVID-driven categories. And the liquid hand soap, which is a
very big business for us in North America and around the world, obviously, we saw a significant falloff in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

the category. The category was down 28%, to give you some context on that. And as John mentioned,
that was a 400 basis point headwind. So some of the COVID categories will certainly stabilize as we move
forward, and we lap those moving into 2022.

But the essence of your question is, where are we with the momentum on Oral Care? We feel good about
it. We feel good about our '22 plans. We feel good about the pricing we're taking. We feel good about
the segments we're competing in. We feel good about the channel strategy that we've had, where we're
growing share in the fastest-growth channels, which are typically e-commerce, discounters and pharmacy,
and the strategies that were put in place and the portfolio execution of that is delivering against it.

So we feel -- overall, we're pleased with the underlying momentum on Oral Care, Personal Care as we lap
some of the COVID. We'll improve moving forward. We paid -- had some good discussions, particularly in
North America and Europe, around some of the innovation that we need to continue to drive it.

Our market share, interesting, though. Just as a data point, our market share on liquid hand soap in the
U.S. was actually up 2 points in the quarter, given the fact that it was still down 400 basis points versus
where it was last year on a volume standpoint. So again, we think we're taking the right decisions on
portfolio and innovation in order to drive share and continue to recover some of the softness that we saw
that was temporarily driven by the COVID expansion last year.

Operator

We'll go next to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.

At this time, there's no response. We'll move to Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

I wanted to ask just a question around free cash flow. And I want to understand if -- with the inflation and
just all of the noise, I guess, in supply chain, if it's having an effect at all on free cash conversion? And I
asked because last year, you overdelivered relative to the 90% conversion target. It looks like this year,
at least year-to-date, running a little bit below that. And so really just wanted to understand if there's -- if
the effect that it's having on the P&L is also having an effect on free cash flow and if that's something we
should consider as we're looking into '22?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I'll throw this one to Stan, but let me just provide a couple of top line comments. Overall, if you go
back historically where we are, it compares quite consistently with our historical numbers, that there were
some benefits that we certainly have last year on a comp basis around working capital. But let me turn it
over to Stan. He'll give you a little bit more color on that. Stan?

Stanley J. Sutula
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, thanks. So look, we continue to cycle favorable working capital performance versus last year, and
there's really an anomaly when you look at 2020. First of all, 2020 cash flow, driven by the unique
environment, was up significantly. While we're down year-to-year, I think if you look back and compare to
'18 and '19, you'll see that it's more in line. Higher raw materials pricing certainly put upward pressure on
our inventories.

But I think, important to note, as you mentioned, free cash flow is -- you'll see the investment we're
making in the business in CapEx. So CapEx, up roughly $120 million. That's really an investment, as
Noel talked about earlier, in the long-term health of our business and what we're looking to grow. So that
investment has an impact on free cash flow, but we think it's incredibly important for the long term.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

So if you step back and look at cash flow where we are today, we're not concerned about the positioning.
We think we're confident in our ability to generate that cash. We're confident in our ability to invest in the
future of the company through CapEx. So we're comfortable with the current positioning on free cash flow.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, I would only add that, particularly around CapEx, which has been quite consistent for us over the
years, we find -- we see ourselves with some real opportunities to invest in growth areas of the business.
And that's certainly what has elevated the CapEx in the quarter, which is, we think, only good news for the
long term.

Operator

We'll go next to Javier Escalante with Evercore.

Javier T. Escalante Manzo
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Another question on pricing. So basically, we heard from both your competitors, Procter and Unilever,
taking pricing, either in Q3, they're announcing price increases. But if you can talk about the big local
players that -- in China, in India, is there something in the supply chain that is different that they can drag
on pricing? Is this a concern? And is this something that contributed to the weakness in Q3, both in China
and India? That would be very helpful.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure, Javier. Thanks. I think the answer is everyone is -- no one is immune to the inflation that we're
seeing across the market, both from a raw material standpoint or from a logistics standpoint. Obviously,
they may have different constituents that look at their business differently than public companies or big
multinational companies. But in any case, no one is immune to it.

And I've had discussions and been able to get out and travel a bit and talk to retailers, I mean, retailers
are recognizing, even on their own private label brands, they're going to have to take pricing to offset the
significant inflation that's being absorbed in the market right now. So I expect that you'll see all boats
rise, so to speak, in this environment, that pricing will go up. There will be certainly some delay with local
players as they tend to try to search out a bit more volume as the big players take pricing.

But again, I think if you can combine the pricing with the right innovation, which we're very focused on
delivering and adding value to the consumer, that the local brands have to react to that in some form or
fashion, either with their own innovation or with their own price increases in order to stay competitive
from a support standpoint. So I don't anticipate there's going to be a significant issue.

Javier, you know our business really well. You know that we innovate across all price points, and we
have significant focus that's very deliberate in markets and looking at shares and our innovation process
across each of the key price segments that we compete in. And that will certainly be the case as we move
forward.

Operator

We'll go next to Mark Astrachan with Stifel.

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I wanted to ask just specifically on the ad spend. Are you guys getting the right returns on the absolute
dollars that you're spending? If you take a look at that category, that column, the increase is somewhere
north of 200 basis points over the last few years as a percentage of sales.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

Obviously, a lot of discussions on the call talking about market share challenges, oral care, household prior
to the pandemic. Just maybe holistically kind of talk about how you think about that. Does that number
need to move higher from here? Can it stay the same, but can you kind of work in a different way? And
then how does that all kind of tie into market share and profitable growth for the business going forward?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Well, listen, let's step back and look at what's happened over the last 2 years. And I think it's
very clear that we have reaccelerated the top line of the company. And that has been our core focus for
everyone in the organization, is this growth mindset that talks about elevating our core, our adjacencies
and faster-growth channels and doing that across all categories in all geographies.

And if you take a basis of 2 years ago, that's exactly what we were delivering against right now. So the
investment, we believe, is fueling that growth. Obviously, the strategies and the execution are a big part
of it, but we feel very strongly that the acceleration that we've had in investment, both on the Oral Care
side as well as the Pet Nutrition side, have clearly delivered top line growth.

Now we would like to see it be reflected in some of the Nielsen-based share readings, but the market
is very complex now. The go-to-market strategies and the path to purchase for consumers is much
more complex than it ever was in the past and consumers moving between channels and, obviously,
the emergence of online, which is quite significant. And in some markets, like China, has become a very
significant part of the category, and we're seeing very strong share growth there. So overall, we feel the
top line is moving in the right direction. The investment is supporting that.

That being said, we are very focused on making sure that we deliver ROI against every dollar in the P&L.
And we have brought in resources from the outside and amplified our capacity around the world, working
with WPP, our partner, to get much more granular and much more analytical about how we're investing,
particularly our digital spend, to make sure it's targeted, and we're getting ROI for that spend. And we're
getting much, much better at that.

So as we look at our advertising, we'll continue to be competitive in terms of what's needed in the
marketplace, continue to ensure the health of our brands are protected. But we're very focused, from a
productivity and efficiency standpoint, looking at that bucket of spend and making it work harder for us.
And that's exactly what we'll expect to see in 2022 as well.

Operator

Our last question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Can you hear me this time?

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

I can. We can hear you just fine.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Cool, because I don't know what happened. I just was curious about Mexico, just -- it was kind of
called out in the context of Latin America and shares being a little softer. So I just wanted a little bit of
detail on that.

Noel R. Wallace
Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

No. Mexico, again, high single-digit performance in the quarter and, obviously, a difficult environment,
particularly given the aggressive pricing that we've been taking in the marketplace. And that pricing
certainly had a little bit of impact on volume shares in the quarter, but nothing that's terribly concerning
to us. It's what we consider not real profitable volume, given that we're losing to the lower end of the
market.

Some of our competitors have been highly aggressive with their promotional levels. And we decided to
protect the margin in the P&L and continue to invest in building the brands. Interesting if you look at some
of our equity measures in that marketplace, particularly given that we focus now on really supporting the
equity as well as innovation, I was -- I attended their budget review just recently, and they look terrific.

So again, I think we feel like we've got a very strong position in that market. We sacrificed a little bit
of the promotional share, but that is not unusual when we take pricing and lead the market. And we'll
continue to ramp up innovation and ensure that we remain competitive, but nothing to be concerned of.

Brazil, likewise, which you didn't ask about, but I'll mention that shares are flat there and doing very, very
well, particularly as we see great growth in the pharmacy channel. So the balance of our portfolio has
gotten much more therapeutic, which is obviously more profitable for us in the long term.

So we're pleased with some of -- our 2 big markets. And you heard John mention Colombia is back on
track, given the political disruptions we saw last quarter, and driving some nice growth for us. So across
Latin America, good. Not concerned about Mexico at this point.

Operator
And at this time, there are no further questions. And this does conclude today's conference. We thank you
for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

