Conagra Brands, Inc. NYSE:CAG
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, June 30, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.67

0.75

11.94

0.56

2.20

2.28

3.64

2.33

3147.53

3287.90

4.46

2510.88

10922.57

11054.40

1.21

10731.50

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jun-30-2020 1:57 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.38

0.57

0.49

0.67

0.43

0.63

0.47

0.75

13.16 %

10.53 %

(4.08 %)

11.94 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian Kearney
Head of Investor Relations

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

David Christopher Driscoll
DD Research LLC

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Conagra Brands Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney. Please go ahead.

Brian Kearney
Head of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us.

I'll remind you that we will be making some forward-looking statements today. While we are making those
statements in good faith, we do not have any guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of
the risk factors are included in the documents we filed with the SEC.

Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted items, including
organic net sales, refer to measures that exclude items management beliefs impact variability for the
period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability items.
The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found either in the earnings press release or the earnings
slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, conagrabrands.com.

Finally, we will be making some references to total Conagra Brands as well as Legacy Conagra Brands.
References to Legacy Conagra Brands refer to measures that exclude any income or expenses associated
with the acquired Pinnacle Foods business.

With that, I'll turn it over to Sean.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter fiscal 2020 earnings
call. On behalf of Conagra Brands, I want to start by expressing my heartfelt hope that you and your
families are continuing to stay safe and healthy.

On today's call, we're going to address our fourth quarter and fiscal 2020 results, our expectations
for fiscal 2021 and our perspective on why Conagra is uniquely positioned to succeed in this new
environment. But first, I want to provide some context around what has brought us to this point. Over
the past 5 years, we have been purposefully architecting one of the largest transformations in the food
industry. When we embarked on this process, we made major strategic decisions on where to compete
and how to win. After decades as a food conglomerate, we transformed into a pure-play branded food
company with a portfolio focused on competing in 3 domains: frozen, snacks and staples.

We committed to perpetually reshaping our portfolio for better growth and better margins and established
a disciplined approach rooted in a playbook that we call the Conagra Way. This relentlessly principle-
based playbook is filled with repeatable and scalable processes that focus on modernizing our iconic
brands through superior food, contemporary packaging and strong consistent marketing investment.
The Conagra Way is not just a way to build brands but an operating model that has helped cultivate our
agile, motivated and highly energized culture. As I'll describe in more detail in a moment, fiscal 2020
saw unprecedented performance as we built upon the extraordinary progress we have made over the
past 5 years. We further strengthened our business, including getting Legacy Pinnacle back on track and
delivered strong financial results.

During the fourth quarter, in particular, our transformation was put to the test, and you are seeing the
fruits of our labor. Our modernized portfolio and agile culture enabled us to respond to the increased
consumer demand driven by COVID-19. At this point, the degree to which demand will return to historical

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 30, 2020

norms is still uncertain, and the timing of the changes in consumer demand is also uncertain. However, we
believe that demand will likely remain elevated in the near term given both consumer perceptions about
returning to work and eating outside the home as well as the fact that consumers are discovering and
rediscovering the pleasures, conveniences and tremendous value proposition of dining at home.

Dave will cover the financials in more detail, but I want to let you know that we continue to be on track
to deliver our fiscal 2022 algorithm, and we remain committed to achieving our leverage target of 3.5x to
3.6x by the end of fiscal 2021.

As we'll detail today, we believe our portfolio is optimally positioned to succeed in the new normal. We
are focused on making the right investments to ensure that we can continue to safely and reliably meet
consumers' needs in fiscal '21 and the longer term.

In today's presentation, we will cover our business update, the behavioral shifts we have seen and how
Conagra is well positioned to benefit from these shifts and what we expect going forward in terms of our
near-term outlook and the opportunity to create long-term value.

Beginning with our business update. Before I get into the numbers, I would like to recognize that our
extraordinary results have only been possible because of the thousands of hard-working Conagra team
members on the frontlines across North America. Here at Conagra, we talk about infusing a refuse-
to-lose attitude and never before have we seen our team make such extraordinary efforts. The team's
commitment has enabled us to meet the elevated demand from our customers and the communities we
serve and deliver the strong results that we are announcing today. I couldn't be more proud of all that
they have accomplished. To all of our team members, thank you. Great job all around.

During the fourth quarter, we experienced significant growth across our core operating metrics, including
21.5% growth in organic net sales and a 108.3% growth in adjusted EPS. These results helped contribute
to our rapid progress in reducing our leverage, and I'm proud to say that we ended the quarter with a net
leverage ratio of 4.0x, down from 4.8x in the third quarter.

As you can see on Slide 9, our growth was not confined to one area but was driven by strong retail sales
across our portfolio, spanning staples, frozen and snacks. Our strong growth in e-commerce continued
to accelerate, both on an absolute basis and as a percentage of our overall sales. The work we've done
over the past several years to improve our e-commerce capabilities has certainly paid off. As consumers
increasingly adopt online grocery shopping, our share of e-commerce sales has steadily increased.

Slide 11 highlights that our disciplined approach to innovation is clearly working. Our absolute sales on
new innovation introduced this year increased 43% compared to our innovation slate of fiscal 2019. As a
reminder, we stated at our initial Investor Day that our goal was to have 15% of total sales coming from
products launched within the past 3 years. Well, today, I'm proud to say that we're consistently performing
above that level. In a few minutes, we'll provide you some of the new innovation that we have in store for
fiscal 2021 as we seek to build upon this success.

As we've discussed previously, frozen is an increasingly important domain for consumers, especially in
today's environment. For the fourth quarter, total Conagra frozen retail sales grew 26.2% over last year
with strong growth across each frozen category, including single-serve meals, vegetables, multi-serve
meals and plant-based meal alternatives.

And as Slide 13 shows, as we grew, we also gained share in the important Frozen Meals category during
the quarter, continuing a trend we've seen for some time now. The Conagra Way playbook continues to
pay off. And while the trends have remained strong, there's even more opportunity, particularly in frozen
vegetables. Birds Eye faced some unique dynamics in the quarter. As I said earlier, the category remained
extremely relevant for consumers. We continue to see robust demand for frozen vegetables, and our retail
sales up 26.5% during the quarter. Importantly, Birds Eye hold the top position in category share and has
2x the share of the next branded player.

Given the incredible surge in demand we experienced during the fourth quarter and our #1 brand position,
we hit a ceiling on capacity. Furthermore, we made the decision to temporarily close a plant during the
quarter due to COVID-19, which further constrained capacity. The good news is the plant is safely back up

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 30, 2020

and running flat out. In addition, we have made the strategic decision to bring on more external partners
to fulfill demand and rebuild inventory. These investments in our supply chain will allow us to efficiently
meet the elevated demand we are seeing today and expect to see going forward. This is an important
example of that investment, and I will expand on this in a few minutes.

Turning to snacks. Recall that our snacks business overindexes to convenience stores, which saw softer
traffic due to COVID-19 during our Q4. Also, the seeds category was impacted by the postponement and,
in many areas of the country, cancellation of baseball and softball seasons. Baseball and seeds go hand
in hand, and the loss of these opportunities had a negative impact on the category. Even despite these
discrete headwinds, the snacks business delivered a terrific 20.1% year-over-year growth and a 26.4%
growth on a 2-year basis.

And on Slide 16, you can see our performance in staples, a category that is more relevant than ever
before. Our total staples business grew an incredible 46.3% for the quarter. The 6 brands to the right are
our largest staples brands accounting for over 50% of our staples sales at retail pre-COVID, and each
experienced considerable growth in the quarter. These businesses are proving to be a distinct benefit to
our portfolio. But while we're pleased with our results for the quarter and the year, we are particularly
excited about what the quarter has taught us about the opportunity that lies ahead as consumers have
shifted their behaviors and eating habits.

Slide 18 shows some of the key ways in which we're seeing consumers' behavior shift in response to
COVID-19. Many consumers are rediscovering the enjoyment associated with at-home eating, whether it's
making fun baked goods, cooking with the family or enjoying a movie night with some snacks. Numerous
consumers are also discovering new things about food during this time. Many are learning how to truly
cook for the first time or discovering they can recreate restaurant favorites at home. We believe that many
of these activities have staying power and are likely to persist even after a post-COVID world in whatever
new normal we settle into. We also believe our broad and refreshed portfolio of innovative products is best
suited to meet consumers' needs as they engage in these food behaviors.

And Slide 19 shows the strong growth during the quarter across our iconic brands, demonstrating how well
suited our portfolio is to meet these behaviors.

Our ability to meet the changing consumer needs is balanced across our 3 domains. Slide 20 shows how
household penetration grew during the quarter in staples, snacks and frozen.

And as we've been able to modernize and innovate our iconic brands, we are attracting younger
consumers. Slide 21 shows that new consumers to our brands overindexed in the younger millennial and
Gen X market segments.

Driving new trial is always a key focus for us. The investments that we've made over the past 5 years in
updating our food with bold, on-trend flavors and modern food attributes were premised on the belief that
if we can get people to try our food, they will come back for more. And that is exactly what's happening.

Slide 22 shows the continually improving repeat rates from consumers who tried our foods for the first
time in March when the pandemic really started to accelerate in the U.S. The improved repeat rates are
broad-based across many of our iconic brands. Importantly, when we attract new triers to our brands,
they are coming back to purchase again more often than they did a year ago. It's worth noting that this
trend holds true for the big 3 Pinnacle brands, validating our work over the last 12 months.

As Slide 24 shows, we're not just seeing an increase in repeat buyers, but we're seeing an increase in the
frequency at which they return. Customers are not just coming back for more; they're coming back time
and time again.

In addition to the strength of our trial and repeat results on an absolute basis, we are outperforming
our peers in terms of new trial. Let's take frozen as an example. Slide 25 demonstrates how our
Banquet, Healthy Choice and Marie Callender's brands are leading frozen single-serve peers in new buyer
acquisition.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 30, 2020

And as Slide 26 shows, these new frozen buyers are disproportionately coming from the millennial and
Gen X market segments, similar to what we see in total Conagra trends. And like the total Conagra trends
we discussed, not only are we attracting new buyers, but we're seeing higher repeat rates in our frozen
segment than our peers.

Similarly, despite the supply constraints we faced that I noted earlier, Birds Eye continued to lead its
category in terms of both new consumers and repeat purchases compared to peers during the quarter.
All of these trends have important implications for our value creation opportunity as we look ahead. We
believe the dynamic environment in which we find ourselves provides a unique window of opportunity to
maintain the current momentum such that we maximize our long-term value-creation potential. Make that
possible, we need to make investments focused on doing everything in our power to ensure the physical
availability of our products.

Instead of choosing to simply accept the elevated demand as transitory and focus on maximizing near-
term margins, we have chosen to bolster the long-term earnings potential of our company. We plan to
accomplish this through investing in the key areas you see on this slide, which include increasing capacity,
both internal and external; innovation; inventory; e-commerce; and safety. By investing behind today's
elevated trial rates, we will build relationships with new consumers and maximize consumer conversion.
The lifetime value of these consumers easily justifies these actions.

Slide 31 shows some highlights of our fiscal '21 innovation slate. Some of these items began launching
in Q4, and we will continue to roll out these new products throughout the year. Overall, we are confident
that the investments we are making will produce strong ROIs. They will also maximize our long-term value
creation and, ultimately, shareholder value.

Turning to our guidance on Slide 32. We know that you would like as much information about our
expectations for the year as possible. Given the very dynamic nature of the external environment,
forecasting the full year right now is more difficult than normal. As of today, therefore, we're providing Q1
guidance. We hope that when we report Q1 results, we will be in a position to give you a further update
on our outlook. While we don't expect the next few months to drive as much change as the past few, we
expect to know a lot more by then.

Dave is going to go into more depth regarding the guidance, so I'll just hit the highlights here. During
the first quarter of fiscal 2021, we expect to deliver organic net sales growth of 10% to 13%, adjusted
operating margin of 17% to 17.5%, adjusted EPS of $0.54 to $0.59. As I said earlier, we remain on track
to reach our fiscal 2022 targets outlined on this slide as well as our deleveraging ratio.

With that, I'll turn it over to Dave.

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Before I discuss the details of the quarter, I want to take a
moment to wish you all well. I hope you and your families are continuing to stay healthy and safe.

I'll kick off this portion of the call by pointing out a few highlights for the quarter and the full fiscal year,
which are captured on Slide 34. Overall, we're very pleased with our performance for Q4 and the fiscal
year. As Sean discussed earlier, in the fourth quarter, the COVID-19 pandemic led to unprecedented
demand in our retail businesses, which more than offset the softer Foodservice demand. This increased
retail demand, combined with our strong execution, enabled us to exceed the most recent full year fiscal
'20 guidance for total company sales, profit and free cash flow metrics. The key takeaways for Q4 and
fiscal '20 are: organic net sales increased 21.5% in the fourth quarter and 5.6% for the full year. Adjusted
operating margin increased almost 400 basis points for the fourth quarter and over 100 basis points
for the full year. Adjusted EPS more than doubled in the fourth quarter and grew 13% for the full year.
And adjusted EBITDA increased 21.6% for the full year to just under $2.3 billion, helping to reduce the
leverage ratio to 4.0x at the end of fiscal '20.

Let's start with the net sales bridge on Slide 35. As you can see, our 21.5% organic net sales growth in
the fourth quarter was driven by 21% volume growth with price/mix contributing 0.5 percentage point.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 30, 2020

Divestitures were a 310-basis-point headwind in the quarter. This headwind will diminish sequentially
as we continue to anniversary the divestiture closing dates going forward. Foreign exchange was a 70-
basis-point headwind in the quarter with the weakening of the Mexican peso representing about 2/3 of the
headwind. This was a bit higher than we were expecting for Q4.

Finally, the 53rd week added 810 basis points to the quarter, which was more of a net sales tailwind than
we expected due to the elevated COVID-related demand at the end of the quarter, taking total reported
net sales growth to plus 25.8% for Q4 versus a year ago.

Turning to Slide 36, you see our sales summary by segment. In the fourth quarter and the fiscal year, we
saw strong growth across our 3 retail-focused businesses.

Our Grocery & Snacks segment reported very strong organic net sales growth of 40.4%. The grocery
business proved to be a significant asset as consumers reengaged with convenient, shelf-stable products
to facilitate and enhance the at-home eating experience.

The Refrigerated & Frozen segment continued to perform very well in the quarter. The segment reported
organic net sales growth in each quarter of this fiscal year and has now had positive organic net sales
growth in 11 of the last 12 fiscal quarters. This consistency shows that our modernization efforts have
been working and are sustainable.

The International segment's 19.8% organic net sales growth was due to strong growth in Canada and
better-than-expected growth in the Mexican and export businesses due to the pandemic.

Foodservice reported an organic net sales decline of 31.5%, which was better than expected as many
restaurants continue to serve customer -- consumers with curbside pickup, drive-through for partial
capacity.

Slide 37 outlines the progress we've made on our Q4 adjusted operating margin versus the prior year.
Throughout the quarter, our gross margin expansion levers such as realized productivity, pricing, mix and
COGS synergies continued to be effective. We also benefited from value-driven operating leverage in the
quarter, approximating 100 basis points. These tailwinds were partially offset by increased COVID-related
costs, dilution from significant Foodservice operating margin declines and a 170-basis-point headwind
from inflation, resulting in a net gross margin improvement of approximately 110 basis points.

Given the already increased demand for food at home, we chose to pull back a bit on A&P in the quarter.
That, coupled with increased net sales, drove a 100-basis-point improvement to operating margin. While
adjusted SG&A expense increased 5.7% in Q4 versus a year ago, net sales grew much faster, resulting in
a 180-basis-point tailwind to operating margin.

Turning to Slide 38. You can see that our adjusted operating profit was $562 million in the quarter, an
increase of 63.5%. Adjusted operating margin increased just below 400 basis points to 17.1%. This chart
clearly summarizes the outstanding operating margin improvement during Q4 in our domestic retail and
International segments. This was partially offset by our Foodservice segment, which had significantly lower
operating profit due to the 32% organic net sales decline, unfavorable fixed cost leverage on net sales
decline, higher inventory write-offs and higher input costs.

Turning to Slide 39. We've summarized the various drivers of adjusted diluted EPS in Q4 versus a year
ago. As you can see, our adjusted EPS increased $0.39 in the quarter, representing growth of over 100%
from the same quarter last year. While the increase in EPS is primarily driven by the increase in operating
profit associated with the net sales and margin increases, we also had higher income from Ardent Mills as
COVID-related demand was a net benefit. We also estimate a $0.05 per share benefit from the 53rd week.

Slide 40 summarizes the excellent progress we've made on our overall synergy capture from the
acquisition of Pinnacle Foods in fiscal year '19. We realized $39 million of incremental synergies during the
fourth quarter, bringing our total cumulative synergy capture since the close of the Pinnacle acquisition
through the end of fiscal '20 to $184 million, exceeding our fiscal '20 goal of $180 million. Importantly,
we remain on track to deliver our total synergy target of $305 million by the end of fiscal '22. As a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 30, 2020

reminder, we have reinvested $20 million from our synergy realization to date into longer-term business
opportunities, such as product and packaging improvements and innovation-related retailer investments.

As I stated on our last earnings call, we expected stronger cash flows in Q4 due to the normal seasonality
of our business and the expected increase in retail demand from COVID-19. As a result, we updated our
free cash flow expectations to be north of $950 million for fiscal '20. Fiscal '20 ended with the company
generating approximately $1.47 billion of free cash flow, which was well above those revised expectations.
Some of this benefit was timing-related. Due to the significant increase in sales, we reduced our days of
inventory on hand during the quarter, which positively impacted Q4 free cash flow. We expect to build that
inventory back as we progress through fiscal '21, which will be a headwind to free cash flow. It is not yet
clear as to the exact timing of the fiscal '21 inventory rebuild.

Another timing item in Q4 was from federal tax payment deferrals, pushing payments from Q4 into Q1 of
fiscal '21. We estimate the combined impact of these timing items on free cash flow between fiscal '20 and
fiscal '21 to approximate $350 million.

Turning to Slide 42. From the close of the Pinnacle acquisition in Q2 fiscal '19 through the end of the
fourth quarter in fiscal '20, we've reduced net debt by nearly $2 billion. In the fourth quarter, we reduced
gross debt by $271 million and net debt by $725 million, improving our leverage ratio to 4.0x at the end
of Q4, down from 4.8x at the end of Q3.

What's not shown on this slide but is important to note is that we improved the funded status of our
pension plans during fiscal '20 by $80 million with the total underfunded status declining to approximately
$50 million. For context, the pension plan's underfunded status were approximately $565 million at the
end of fiscal '17, a reduction of over $500 million. This significant improvement was driven by planned
pension contributions, lump sum payments to participants and actual returns on planned assets exceeding
expectations.

In addition to the significant progress we made towards deleveraging in fiscal '20, we also further
strengthened our liquidity position. We obtained a $600 million, 3-year senior unsecured term loan, which
remains undrawn. This facility provides us with additional flexibility to repay debt maturity through fiscal
'21 and positions us to refinance current fiscal '21 debt maturities at attractive rates with prepayable debt.
As a reminder, we also have a $1.6 billion undrawn revolving credit facility.

Given where we finished fiscal '20 from a net debt perspective and given the continued momentum we
expect in Q1 as outlined in our guidance, we are confident in our ability to achieve our targeted net
debt to trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio of 3.5 to 3.6x by the end of fiscal '21. And
importantly, we continue to remain committed to a solid investment-grade credit rating. In addition, we
continue to remain open to smart divestitures that can help sculpt top line performance and generate cash
flow to accelerate deleveraging. While we continue to evaluate portfolio actions, we will not pursue any
divestitures that are not value-creating for the long term.

As we approach our targeted leverage ratio, we continue to evaluate opportunities to use capital allocation
to drive shareholder value. Slide 44 outlines our guidance for the first quarter of fiscal '21 and our fiscal
year '22 algorithm. We are expecting the elevated retail demand to continue into Q1 although at a lower
rate than Q4, leading us to our Q1 organic net sales expectation of plus 10% to plus 13%. We continue to
expect the favorable operating leverage from the elevated volumes in Q1 to offset the additional COVID-
related costs. Therefore, we expect adjusted operating margin to be in the range of 17% to 17.5%. These
operating margin increases, coupled with expected improvement in our below-the-line items, lead to an
expected EPS range for the first quarter of fiscal '21 of $0.54 to $0.59. As I already mentioned, we remain
confident in our ability to hit our leverage ratio target of 3.5 to 3.6x by the end of fiscal '21. And lastly,
we are today reaffirming our fiscal year '22 algorithm, which is outlined on this slide and in the earnings
release.

Thank you, everyone. That concludes my comments. I'll now pass it back to Sean.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 30, 2020

Before we open up for Q&A, I'd like to say a few words about diversity and inclusion at Conagra. We
are deeply saddened by the recent events we've seen unfold across our nation. It's heartbreaking and
unacceptable that racism and racial injustices continue to exist around the world. Our goal at Conagra is to
work together in a constructive manner where everyone has a voice and has the opportunity to be heard.

D&I is not only part of our value system at Conagra; it's a business imperative. We serve a wide cross-
section of the population, and therefore, it makes clear sense our organization represents the consumers
we serve. D&I has always been a focus for Conagra Brands. But like many others, we can and will up our
game. We are working with an external diversity and inclusion consultancy to help us identify specific
opportunities that will have the most impact. We're also hosting listening sessions with employees
throughout the organization. Overall, we are determined to be part of the solution, and we look forward to
continuing to share reports of our progress along the way.
Thank you. Now let's open it up to Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I wanted to start off, if I could, with the company's reaffirmation of its fiscal '22 targets. Specifically, while
I understand certainly the rationale for perhaps not yet providing full fiscal year '21 guidance, the fact
that you're comfortable reiterating fiscal '22 EPS means, at least to me, that there should be some good
progress in '21 versus '20 to be able to achieve '22 guidance in a reasonable way, where, I guess, not all
of the EPS growth needs to come in '22 versus '21, if you see what I'm saying. So any perspective you can
add around that, whether I'm thinking about that in the right way, even though I understand not providing
specific guidance for this fiscal year.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Sure. Andrew, here's how I think about this. Clearly, since nobody can accurately predict what will
happen with COVID and the range of outcomes is very wide, calling '21 with any accuracy is virtually
impossible. But when you step back and you look at where we landed '20, if you look at the momentum
of the business, the continued elevated demand, the new triers, the very strong repeat and synergies
remaining on track, our view is that it would be hard to argue that we're not on a path to the '22 targets.
And the real question for us is kind of you think about our prepared remarks today on trial and repeat is
whether these dynamics that we're seeing currently offer incremental long-term upside beyond our '22
algorithm. Obviously, we're not going to comment on a longer-term algorithm. But certainly, these are
positive markers, and we have elected to invest behind that option, for lack of a better phrase.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

That's helpful. And that's a good segue into my follow-up, which is certainly appreciate all of the data and
the metrics on trial, household penetration, repeat rates and the like. And of course, none of us have a
crystal ball regarding where consumption and growth rates for many of your key categories ultimately
settle out. But in light, I guess, of the metrics you've discussed, I mean, would it be your expectation that
for some of your key categories, Conagra should see an elevated rate of growth versus, let's say, pre-
COVID for a more prolonged period of time? The investments that you discussed on the call with respect
to incremental capacity and such would seem to support that thought process. But again, I wanted to hear
it from you and get some clarity.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think the phrase I used earlier was we see this as a unique window. Something is happening that
is above and beyond what our normal marketing programs would do. COVID has introduced this dynamic
where, as you saw on the slides earlier, consumers are legitimately rediscovering certain things in their
house, whether it's their kitchens, their freezers, being together, and they like it. They're also discovering
that some of the things that they thought existed actually have changed quite a bit. So for example,
the quality of frozen food. And as you know, we've spent the last 5 years dramatically transforming our
products. So you put both of those things together, and there is clearly an element of pleasant surprise
that consumers have when it comes to cooking at home.

And given the tremendous value proposition of cooking at home and that we are in a recessionary
environment, it's entirely plausible that these dynamics persist for some time, especially with the news
changing hourly on COVID and what's happening with positive cases. And we believe that once people
try our products, the data supports that we stand a very good chance that they'll come back again and
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 30, 2020

again and again. So we are investing today in order to maximize long-term value creation potential of this
portfolio and really seize any option that there is further upside beyond our current algorithm.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I think I need to check what was in my smoothie this morning because on Slide 31, I thought I saw a
unicorn llama wearing sunglasses on a box of ACT II. I must be hallucinating.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

You did not. Llamas are hot.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. I didn't know that. I knew unicorn but…

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

As is ACT II, Ken. You probably may not have known that either. ACT II is on fire.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I didn't know that until I saw your slides, and so I appreciate that. A couple of questions for me, if I
can. And Dave, you may have answered this when you talked about not being clear on the timing of the
inventory rebuild. But in your first quarter organic sales guidance, is there any benefit baked in there from
an inventory load by retailers? Or is that sort of what you expect consumption to be as well roughly?

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So Ken, you saw in Q4, we shipped to consumption everywhere except Refrigerated & Frozen. That
was really driven by Birds Eye. In this environment, it is difficult to predict exactly when retailers are going
to build inventories. And so as we put our Q1 guidance together, clearly, it started with demand, we try to
make some assumptions on will there be additional shipments to build inventory, particularly in frozen. But
again, it's -- in this environment, it's difficult to predict just given the significant demand that's still there.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Just to comment on that too, Ken. Just more broadly, retailers are, at some point, going to rebuild
inventories, I would imagine, in all their categories. And if you think of in the last several years, the focus
on on-time in full of the focus we've talked about recently with retailers putting more phasings against
high velocities, retailers paid out of stocks. So that is not going to change. And at some point, I would
imagine that inventory levels would revert to kind of historical norms. The question, of course, is when will
that happen? Because the way that happens is 1 of 2 things or both have to happen, either demand has to
slow or capacity has to increase.

We've seen demand slow recently, but it's still at very, very high levels. You also heard me talk about how
we are making investments to increase capacities, but there's an upper control limit to how we can do
that. So for the foreseeable future, in the near term, we are running flat out. And much of what we make
and leaves our plants is going straight through to the consumer. When that slows down and the inventory
levels build back is one of the wildcards that's virtually impossible to predict.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 30, 2020

And while I've got you, since you raised ACT II, I want to link your question on ACT II back to Andrew's
question, which is will any of what we're seeing now persist. Well, interestingly, one of the things that
you're seeing now and you're reading about now is movie studios are going to direct release at home on
demand. And there are some questions around what's going to happen with movie theaters going forward.
As that happens, people will be watching movies as a group at home at a level we probably have not seen
before. We're already experiencing this. And the shift in our microwaveable popcorn business has been
dramatic, reflecting that new behavior. That could very well be a persistent thing, but it may depend in
part on what the movie studios ultimately choose to do. But those are the kinds of things that seem to be
logically tracking in our favor, but we need to see how long they persist.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then for my follow-up, quickly, we are hearing some rumblings in the trade that
maybe retailers are considering getting a little more aggressive on pricing in the back half of calendar
'20, just because of, obviously, the economic environment and maybe they'll ask some vendors to help
out with that. But we're not seeing any hard evidence of this yet. I just wanted to know, from your
perspective, are you hearing about any increment -- I could say it, incremental pressure from your
customers on that pricing front?

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Not really, Ken, at this point. And I would say it's probably a function of 2 things. Number one, our
portfolio, as you know, has a very strong value segment to it. Brands like Banquet and other already offer
extremely favorable value that is and historically have proven very resilient in a recessionary environment.
The other piece of it, too, is that in many of the categories, you continue to see out of stocks because
the throughput is flat out, and demand still exceeds that production availability, and therefore, you only
exacerbate that problem when you price promote in that type of a category. So I think it will be category-
specific.

I will point out, though, that in our Q4, we did honor most of our promotional commitments, and that's
because those were long-standing commitments. We have a principle of not kind of backing out. But going
forward, I would expect our average scan prices may move north a little bit near term because we are
likely to see less discounting price promotion activity. However, I wouldn't want you to take that as less
retailer investment because it's more likely to be a shift in retailer investments, really the profile of the
retailer spend than the absolute level. So less discounting, more brand building, more new habit creation.

To give you a specific example, a good example would be creating loyalty on our frozen brands with
millennials by making click and collect behaviors habitual by increasing our e-com spend with retailers.
That's a positive constructive alternative in a supply-constrained environment to more of a price promotion
approach.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That fiscal '22 guidance, it's obviously closer than it's been before, and it's also above consensus. And
it might be, hopefully, the first full year without this COVID issue. So related to that, what are the key 1
or 2 variables that you'll be watching and thinking about that would make the mid- to high end of that
guidance possible? And I have a follow-up.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Well, I think the way I've framed it up earlier is we have momentum on the business, and we are investing
to maintain that momentum. And as we maintain that momentum, we have a very good chance of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 30, 2020

continuing to bring more households into our portfolio and then converting them to multiple-time repeat
purchasers. That's really the logic flow as to how you get right in the heart of that long-term top line
profile.

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I would just add to that, just obviously, the synergy number that we have making sure that, that
stays on track, we feel good about it. We're on track. We affirmed it again but making sure we deliver that
and managing all our other core productivity programs to be able to offset inflation.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Yes. That recall was -- got us a long way there on the bottom line side of the long-term algorithm. That,
alongside the additional volume and any operating leverage associated with it, is obviously a good thing
for our portfolio.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And then just a follow-up. The free cash flow conversion of earnings, obviously, that relationship of CapEx
to D&A. But how do you see that in '22 free cash flow versus that earnings target?

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

I mean we had guided to greater than 95%, I think, was our guidance. And that, again, shouldn't change.
I did comment that as it relates to fiscal '21, because we finished fiscal '20 with very strong free cash flow,
and some of that was timing, right, so it was about $350 million of benefit that we received in Q4 due
to basically inventory, working capital benefits and some timing on tax payments that's going to flip into
fiscal '21. So when you look at '20 versus '21, you're going to see a super high conversion in '20 that's
going to come out in '21 for the $350 million. But '22, we should be back in balance.

Operator

Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC.

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Just 2 quick questions for me. When you think about the guidance that you provided for the upcoming
quarter, I'm just curious if you can provide some perspective on how you're thinking about demand. And
I ask this only because, obviously, in the recent weeks or recent days, the case surge has really mounted
in a very popular state, which I would -- I reckon would probably reaccelerate some of the at-home food
consumption as the reopening slowed. So I just wanted to get perspective on that. And then Sean, maybe
you could just provide some kind of perspective around innovation timing and how things are shaping up
with retail in terms of the next reset and just kind of how you're thinking about your innovation flow over
the next 6 months or so.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Sure. On the first piece, if you go back to the beginning of this thing, Nik, what happened was we had
this massive initial surge, right, with pantry stocking and the like. And that went a long way toward kind
of depleting our inventories and really starting to deplete customer inventories. Since then, while we
haven't been at the level of that initial surge, demand has been extremely high. So we've got categories
where we've hit the ceiling where we're just flat out. We've got categories where we've made some early
progress and starting to kind of catch up. But with another surge, that's just going to put more strain on
it. So we are focused -- it's interesting because we are typically focused on optimizing demand. And now

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 30, 2020

we're in this environment where we are really heavily focused on optimizing supply because we're really
up against it. And that has been the case in the early days of our Q1. And even if you look at the scanner
data, it's been pretty strong. And that's all previous news of these upticks.

So we've got to monitor it. We're doing everything in our power to add additional capacity, so that we can
protect the upside to the best of our ability. But it's going to be strained near term, and we are investing
to make sure that, that happens.

Did you have anything else to add on that point, Dave?

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, just briefly. For organic net sales, we do expect strong growth from the domestic retail businesses. So
as Sean said and you see in consumption, just to get a little color on the other segments, International is
going to be relatively flat. We had a really strong Q4. We don't expect to see the organic net sales growth
in Q1 to that level and then continued declines in Foodservice like we saw in Q4.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Now with respect to innovation, let me -- before I'd comment on forward-looking innovation, I'll just give
you a little perspective on Q4. Because recall at CAGNY, we had talked about how some of our customer
base had moved up their shelf resets in frozen, and I'm sure many of you are curious what happened
with that with respect to COVID hitting. Well, you may be surprised to learn that the vast majority of our
customers proceeded as planned in Q4 with their earlier frozen resets. And that's good news. We see our
exciting fiscal '21 innovations on the shelf, and they look great. And we are hustling to try to keep them in
stock because they're obviously getting good trial.

And also, with respect to Q4 innovation in total, which includes the innovations we launched earlier in the
year, the Q4 innovation was up over 25% versus the prior Q4. And it definitely had some benefit versus
the prior Q4 of shipments of the following year's innovation coming a little bit earlier, and that's because
of those frozen shelf resets that we talked about. But the reality is, despite what you've heard about
SKU reduction to maximize throughput and things like that, we have continued to have strong favorable
reaction from our retailers on our new innovation, and we continue to feel super strong about the slate
we've got out there and expect it to perform well this year. As you've seen in the last few years, every
year's innovation has outperformed the prior years for the last several years. And there's no reason to
expect this year wouldn't continue, albeit we have a few more wildcards that we are dealing with than in
previous years.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Driscoll with DD Research.

David Christopher Driscoll
DD Research LLC

I wanted to start off with the Grocery & Snacks and the Frozen & Refrigerated, Slide 9. Sean, you got nice
metrics here, but what I want to get your impression of is the -- you've made a comment repeatedly for
years that your expectation is that frozen is going to be just a critical area of growth in the grocery store.
When we just look at these 4Q results, obviously, heavily affected by COVID, right, the staples piece is
growing much, much faster than frozen, there's that initial stock-up that's going on in there. What I was
hoping you could do is just explain how you thought frozen would grow relative to that of staples on a go-
forward basis. Should frozen be half as much as staples as we see almost in this graph? Or should frozen,
on a relative basis, begin to be much stronger after we've kind of cleared through that first stock-up that
occurred in March, April?

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 30, 2020

Well, the Slide 9 that you referred to is actually pretty consistent with what I would expect having been
in and around staples products for a lot of my career. Whenever you see any kind of crisis hit, people will
load their dry goods pantry, which has a tremendous amount of holding power. And actually, you tend to
see more of a pantry load dynamic there because of the holding power of pantry relative to the holding
power of a freezer. Most freezers are actually incredibly limited in space, and that's one of the governors
that you see on frozen. Interestingly, one of the things we didn't put in the deck is the sales rate of stand-
alone frozen freezers. If you had gone to a Home Depot or a Best Buy in the last few months in search
of a freezer, you would not have been able to find one. So clearly, consumers are recognizing there's a
limit to what they can fit in their freezer. I know in my household, we were frustrated because we get to --
you'd go to the store on a day as shipments came and you want to buy stuff, but you had nowhere to put
it because your freezer was full. So that's a governor you have there versus staples.

That said, while I might expect the 2 to converge more going forward, staples, what you see in the staples
space is a super value proposition. So Chef Boyardee, and this may be more of a function of what is the
consumer's household balance sheet look like going forward, how long does the recessionary environment
persist, items like Chef are a tremendous value proposition, and that kind of environment should continue
to perform well. Furthermore, if people are learning to cook again and cooking from scratch, a lot of the
staples products we have like PAM cooking spray or our beans business or our tomato business ought to
remain elevated, and these are the kinds of things you can use in multiple recipes throughout the week
that are different recipes as opposed to eating the same thing again and again.

So I'm not going to try to forecast how these will perform relative to one another. The key point we
wanted to make today is that all 3 of our consumer domains have been elevated and are enjoying this
notion of rediscovery and discovery that I talked about.

David Christopher Driscoll
DD Research LLC

That's helpful. Dave, I just wanted to follow-up on SG&A. In the fourth quarter, as a percent of sales,
the SG&A was down significantly versus kind of what the trend rate that we had seen in the prior few
quarters. What do you expect on a go-forward basis? Can you get that SG&A as a percent of sales to
continue to be reduced for the next bunch of quarters? Any color there? I mean I know you're not giving
explicit guidance, but just any color on how you're thinking about SG&A as a percent of sales, very helpful.

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Dave. So at a high level, obviously, a lot of the synergy that we're getting from Pinnacle is SG&A.
In fact, more than half of the synergy to date has been from SG&A. More will come in cost of goods sold
moving forward. So that is starting to work its way in quarter-by-quarter into our actual results.

So as I look to Q1, because we gave specific margin guidance in Q1, a big part of the operating margin
improvement versus the prior year is actually because of the leverage on SG&A. So the 17% to 17.5%,
a good amount of that improvement is the SG&A leverage. Gross margin, there's a lot of puts and takes
with all the different costs. So there'd be more moderate improvement there, but it's mostly SG&A. So
we start seeing that leverage in a bigger way starting in Q1. And you'll continue to see leverage going
forward. I'm not going to give you specific numbers, but that's the color for Q1 for SG&A.

David Christopher Driscoll
DD Research LLC

But the leverage does continue. Even if you don't give exact numbers, you're confident that the leverage
continues in the following quarters.

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Obviously, it depends on sales, right? But yes, we took the SG&A cost out, and we're going to
continue to see that benefit.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 30, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Actually, a couple. I think talking to investors, a lot of the controversy around Conagra does still revolve
around this long-term EPS range because it is so much higher than your fiscal '20 results. And I was
wondering, in August, when your proxy gets published, do you think we'll get a peek at the 3-year cycle
for fiscal '20 to fiscal '22 and the EPS target that's in there for executive compensation? Because I think
that would give people a better sense of how management is being incentivized in relation to the target
that you've given us. I think that will be the first cycle that we'll get to see how executive comp is related
to that range. Is that a fair assessment?

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Rob, the way I'd respond to that is big picture, our Board has a very strong pay-for-performance
philosophy. As such, the targets in our incentive programs are anchored in our annual and long-term
financial plans and consistent with the guidance that we provide to investors. So with respect to the 2020
proxy, we expect our disclosure to mirror that of past years. We will provide details on the fiscal '20 to '22
program overall, including the growth CAGRs that are in the program. And you'll see that management
and shareholder interests are aligned with respect to the '22 numbers.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. Okay. And a quick follow-up. I remember last year, there was a lot of inventory deloading in the
frozen section related to the shelf resets. Given what you've said now about the resets being done,
are there -- is there going to be any kind of inventory reload in first quarter? And is that part of your
guidance? Or is your guidance really related to consumption, and consumption will reflect shipments?

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

I think near term, Rob, we're playing catch-up. We're trying to keep up with demand. Orders have
continued to come in, and inventories have been depleted. And it varies, obviously, by category. So as
long as demand remains elevated, it's more of a flow-through to consumption and pantries, I think, than a
rebuilding in inventory. Now that is going to vary by category because you don't see the same level of pull
category by category. So you can almost model out. Categories with kind of more muted pull are probably
rebuilding inventories. Categories where pull remains extremely strong were probably continuing to run
flat out and scanning a lot of what we're producing.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So just 2 quick ones, and I might have missed it. But Dave, capital spending for fiscal '21 given, I guess,
what some of the commentary that's been made about investment, even if you can't give a pinpoint
number directionally, would it be close to what it's been historically? Or is it going to be higher than
normal this year?

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

No, Bryan, I did not mention it specifically. But as we look to fiscal '21, based on the investments that
Sean outlined, particularly investments to shore up capacity and supply, we will be increasing our CapEx.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 30, 2020

Right now, our estimate is that we'd be about $100 million above where we landed fiscal '20 in terms of
CapEx.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then maybe, Sean, as a follow-up to Rob Moskow's question about incentive comp. Just
-- have you made any adjustments with -- maybe with frontline employees or just organizationally to
focus more on being in stock, keeping up with demand, I think, as you phrased it before, versus having
to previously really trying to stimulate demand? So I'm just trying to understand if you've had to kind
of change the incentive mix a little bit to just ensure that you're going to be -- get these CapEx projects
happening on time and really improving service levels.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Well, our short term -- for our salaried employees, our short-term incentives is really a function of sales,
of profit and cash flow, and employees are incentivized very clearly to maximize those. In the last quarter,
the real focus area for us has been in our facilities. It's been in ensuring the health and safety of our
employees because we've got to keep our plants running and then also honoring those employees for
being such heroes during this intense COVID period on the frontlines, and we have made investments
behind our frontline employees to honor them accordingly. So that's really what's been in place. And as I
mentioned earlier, I couldn't be more pleased with just this incredible refuse-to-lose attitude that we've
seen, especially on the frontline.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Brian
Kearney for any closing remarks.

Brian Kearney
Head of Investor Relations

Great. Thank you. So as a reminder, this call has been recorded and will be archived on the web as
detailed in our press release. The IR team is available for any follow-up discussions anyone may want. So
thank you for your interest in Conagra Brands.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

