Conagra Brands, Inc. NYSE:CAG
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 07, 2021 2:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.74

0.81

Revenue  (mm)

2981.00

2995.20

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-07-2021 1:56 PM GMT

9.46

0.48

0.57

2.52

2.58

2586.00

10694.00

10777.39

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.49

0.67

0.57

0.74

0.47

0.75

0.70

0.81

SURPRISE

(4.08 %)

11.94 %

22.81 %

9.46 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 07, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian Kearney
Head of Investor Relations

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 07, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Conagra Brands Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Kearney from Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Brian Kearney
Head of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'll remind you that we will be making some forward-
looking statements today. While we are making those statements in good faith, we do not have any
guarantee about the results we will achieve. Descriptions of the risk factors are included in the documents
we filed with the SEC.

Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted items, including
organic net sales, refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability
for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability
items. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in either the earnings press release or
the earnings slides, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website,
conagrabrands.com.

With that, I'll turn it over to Sean.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone. Happy New Year, and thank you for joining our second quarter
fiscal 2021 earnings call. Today, Dave and I will discuss our strong second quarter results as well as our
perspective on how Conagra is positioned to continue to succeed in both the current environment and
beyond.

So let's get started. I'm very pleased with our strong results for the second quarter. Our business
continued to perform well, both in the absolute and relative to peers. Our success to date in fiscal 2021 is
not only a testament to our team's ability to adapt to the current environment, but a reflection of the work
we've done to transform our business over the past 5-plus years.

Our ongoing execution of the Conagra Way playbook perpetually reshaping our portfolio and capabilities
for better growth and better margins has enabled us to rise to the occasion during the COVID-19
pandemic, and that has positioned the business to excel in the future.

During the second quarter, we continue to build on our momentum, and our Q2 results exceeded our
expectations across the board. We had strong, broad-based sales growth, our margin expansion is ahead
of schedule, and I'm proud to announce that we've reached our deleveraging target earlier than originally
planned.

In keeping with our Conagra Way playbook, we continue to optimize the business for long-term value
creation during the quarter. We made targeted investments in both production capacity and marketing
support to drive the physical and mental availability of our products. We also remain committed to
sculpting our portfolio through smart divestments with the agreement shortly after the second quarter
closed to sell Peter Pan peanut butter. Peter Pan is a very good business, but it's not an investment priority
for Conagra given our other portfolio priorities.

Finally, we are reaffirming our fiscal 2022 guidance for all metrics. And none of this would be possible
without our exceptional team, particularly our frontline workers. So before we dive into the details of
the quarter, I want to recognize everyone responsible for the continued extraordinary work of our supply

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 07, 2021

chain. I'm extremely proud of the thousands of hard-working Conagra team members whose dedication
has enabled our industry-leading performance. We remain focused on keeping employees safe while
meeting the needs of our communities, customers and consumers. And I'd like to thank everyone at
Conagra for making this possible.

With that, let's get into the business update. As the table on Slide 7 shows, our second quarter results
exceeded our expectations across the board. We delivered organic net sales growth of 8.1%, adjusted
operating margin of 19.6% and adjusted EPS of $0.81. These results enabled us to reach our fiscal '21 net
leverage ratio target of 3.6x ahead of schedule.

During the second quarter, we continued to drive significant growth across our retail business. Total
Conagra retail sales grew 10.4% year-over-year with strong growth across each of our snacks, frozen
and staples portfolios. Our results were driven by continued success in expanding our presence with
consumers and gaining share. Total Conagra household penetration grew 14 basis points versus a year
ago, and our category share increased 26 basis points.

Critical to our ability to sustain our growing relevancy with consumers is the physical availability of
our products, whether through brick-and-mortar or online. And Slide 9 demonstrates how our ongoing
investments in e-commerce have continued to yield results. In the chart on the left, you can see the
step change in e-commerce growth for total edible that has occurred since the onset of the pandemic.
But what's really impressive about this chart is the sustainability of our e-commerce performance. We've
retained a massive portion of the e-commerce sales we gained at the onset of the pandemic, and our
results have outpaced total edible e-commerce growth each quarter. As a result of our sustained success,
e-commerce continued its recent trend of steadily increasing as a percentage of our total retail sales, as
you can see on the right.

While e-commerce growth, both on an absolute basis and as a percent of overall sales, is not a new
dynamic for Conagra. This growth has accelerated during COVID-19. In addition to our continued progress
in e-commerce, our new innovation generated strong performance during the second quarter. When we
began this journey over 5 years ago, we recognized that we had a lot of latent potential in the portfolio, it
just had to be modernized. So we set out to aggressively do just that. And you'll recall that we established
a goal of having 15% of our annual retail sales coming from products launched within the preceding 3
years.

As you can see on Slide 10, our innovation performance has continued to exceed our 15% goal. What's
equally important is the consistency of our innovation performance. Investments we've made over the last
5 years in our innovation capabilities enabled us to continue launching new products since the pandemic
began. Customers trust our innovation track record and rely on our new products to drive consumer trial
and overall category growth.

Slide 11 drills down on the strength of our recent innovation performance. Compared to last year's first
half launches, the products we introduced in the first half of this year have achieved 37% more sales per
UPC and 28% more distribution points per UPC during the comparable time period.

Product performance highlights include: Marie Callender's post the #1 branded new item in frozen
indulgent single-serve meals. Duncan Hines has delivered the top 3 highest velocity new items in single-
serve baking and our modernized Hungry-Man brand is outpacing category growth by more than 2x. After
a strong first half of fiscal '21, we will introduce even more new products that will build distribution in the
second half. Expect to hear more about our upcoming product launches at CAGNY next month.

Turning now to Slide 12. Total Conagra frozen retail sales grew an impressive 8.3% versus a year ago,
thanks to strong growth in each of our 4 main frozen categories. Importantly, our terrific frozen vegetables
business returned to strong growth in the quarter as we brought on our additional capacity investment
online.

Slide 13 digs a bit deeper into our largest frozen brand, Birds Eye. Birds Eye is a cornerstone of the
important frozen vegetables segment, with a #1 position in the category and more than twice the
category share of the closest branded competitor. Recall that Birds Eye previously faced some supply

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 07, 2021

constraints as we worked to bring new capacity online. And last quarter, I noted that shipments for the
brand were a bit ahead of consumption as retailers started rebuilding their inventories.

As you can see in the charts on Slide 13, Birds Eye returned to form in Q2 as expected. In addition to
strong retail sales growth of 7.2% in the quarter, Birds Eye gained an impressive 261 basis points of share
from Q1 to Q2.

Continuing to Slide 14, you can see how Birds Eye has attracted and retained more new buyers than our
competition since the pandemic began. Frozen vegetables category remains highly relevant to consumers,
and we believe the steps we've taken over the past several quarters to modernize the Birds Eye brand and
expand capacity have positioned us well to build on our category leadership.

Turning now to another area of strength, our leading portfolio of frozen single-serve meals had another
terrific quarter. As you can see on Slide 15, Conagra has outperformed peers, driven category growth and
attracted new buyers since the start of the pandemic. As the chart on this slide shows, we have 3 of the
top brands in this category from both a trial and repeat perspective.

Our snacks business also continued to see strong growth in the quarter. As you can see on Slide 16,
we delivered double-digit retail sales growth on a year-over-year and 2-year basis in snacking, led by
impressive results across popcorn, sweet treats and meat snacks.

We're not just growing, we're winning versus the competition. Slide 17 shows how we grew share year-
over-year in popcorn, meat snacks, hot cocoa and ready-to-eat pudding and gelatin in the quarter.

Our staples portfolio also delivered solid results in Q2. Historically, this portfolio has served as a --
primarily as a source of cash for us, but it hasn't been looked at as a growth engine, but Slide 18 shows
how staples remain highly relevant to consumers in the quarter as people continue to rediscover cooking
and the utility, relevance and value of products in our portfolio.

Our basket of the total staples category grew retail sales by 12.7% in the second quarter. People are
returning to their kitchens during the pandemic and new younger consumers are discovering the joy of
cooking. Many of the brands on this slide, including PAM, RO*TEL and Hunt's, are cooking utilities and
ingredients. As we've discussed before, the current environment has resulted in consumers trying or
reengaging with our products and coming back again and again.

And that takes us to what we see going forward and how our business is uniquely set up to win.
Our execution of the Conagra Way playbook over the last 5-plus years enabled us to deliver strong
performance prior to the onset of COVID. And we firmly believe that our reshaped portfolio, modernized
products and enhanced capabilities have been foundational to our ability to excel during these highly
dynamic times.

We all know that the COVID pandemic has driven an increase in at-home eating overall. But for Conagra,
it has also meant an acceleration of the consumer trial adoption and repeat purchase rates of our
products. Our result have been strong on both an absolute and relative basis. These dynamics have driven
meaningful levels of incremental cash flow for our business, they've also enhanced the ROI of our previous
disciplined investments in portfolio capabilities and the physical and mental availability of our products.

Importantly, the Conagra Way is perpetual. While we've adapted to the current environment and delivered
superior results, we also continue to look to the future and make smart investments to further strengthen
our business. Our investments include continuing to modernize our products and packaging, increasing
production capacity when category dynamics warrant, supporting on-shelf availability and increased e-
commerce share and raising consumer awareness. To be clear, these investments are not a reaction to
the near-term environment, but decisions rooted in our longer-term outlook for the business and our
disciplined execution of the Conagra Way.

We believe that Conagra is in a strong position to continue to win now and for years to come. We expect
that our investments, coupled with consumer adoption and the proven stickiness of our product will result
in Conagra continuing to deliver long-term profitable growth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 07, 2021

In summary, we continue to see solid execution across our portfolio aligned with the Conagra Way
playbook in Q2, which enabled us to deliver results that exceeded our expectations. Our business remains
strong in the absolute and relative to competition, and we expect Conagra to be in an even better position
post-COVID as a result of our ongoing disciplined approach to investment and innovation.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave.

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Sean. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll walk through the details of our second quarter fiscal
'21 performance and our Q3 outlook before we move to the Q&A portion of the call.

I'll start by calling out a few performance highlights from the quarter, which are captured on Slide 22.
As Sean mentioned, outstanding execution by our teams across the company enabled us to exceed
expectations for net sales, margin, profitability and deleveraging during the second quarter, while we
continued to invest in the business.

Reported and organic net sales for the quarter were up 6.2% and 8.1%, respectively, versus the same
period a year ago. We continued our strong margin performance from Q1 as Q2 adjusted gross margin
increased 139 basis points to 29.9%. Adjusted operating margin increased 250 basis points to 19.6%.
Adjusted EBITDA increased 16.7% to $712 million in the quarter. And our adjusted diluted EPS grew
28.6% to $0.81 for the second quarter.

Slide 23 breaks out the drivers of our 6.2% second quarter net sales growth. As you can see, the 8.1%
increase in organic net sales was primarily driven by a 6.6% increase in volume related to the growth of
at-home food consumption. The favorable impact of price/mix, which was evenly driven by favorable sales
mix and less trade merchandising also contributed to our growth. The strong organic net sales growth was
partially offset by the impacts of foreign exchange and a 1.7% net decrease associated with divestitures.

The Peter Pan peanut butter business is still part of Conagra Brands and thus included in our organic
results. We expect the sale of Peter Pan to be completed in Q3, at which point it will be removed from
organic net sales growth. I will discuss the estimated impact of this divestiture shortly.

Slide 24 summarizes our net sales by segment for the second quarter. On both a reported and organic
basis, we saw continued significant growth in each of our 3 retail segments: Grocery & Snacks,
Refrigerated & Frozen and International. The net sales increase was primarily driven by the increase of
at-home food consumption as a result of COVID-19, which benefited our retail segments, but negatively
impacted our Foodservice segment.

The Grocery & Snacks segment experienced strong organic net sales growth of 15.3% in the quarter. The
segment's organic net sales growth outpaced its growth in consumption as retailers continue to rebuild
inventories. Our Refrigerated & Frozen segment delivered organic net sales growth of 7.8%. This growth
is a testament to our continued modernization and innovation efforts and illustrates the increasingly
important role Refrigerated & Frozen products play in meeting the evolving needs of today's consumers.

Turning to the International segment. Quarterly organic net sales increased 9.1%. This segment
experienced particularly strong growth in both Canada and Mexico. This quarter, our Foodservice segment
reported a 21.4% organic net sales decline primarily driven by a volume decrease of 25.3% due to less
restaurant traffic as a result of COVID-19.

Slide 25 outlines the adjusted operating margin bridge for the quarter versus the prior year period. As
you can see, in the second quarter, our adjusted operating margin increased 250 basis points to 19.6%.
Strong supply chain realized productivity, favorable price mix, cost synergies associated with Pinnacle
Foods acquisition and fixed cost leverage combined to drive 440 basis points in adjusted operating margin
improvement, more than offsetting the impact of cost of goods sold inflation and COVID-related costs in
the quarter. Collectively, these drivers resulted in a 139 basis point increase in our adjusted gross margin
versus the same period a year ago.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 07, 2021

A&P increased 4.7% on a dollar basis primarily due to increases in e-commerce marketing. A&P was flat
on a percentage of sales basis this quarter versus Q2 a year ago. Finally, our adjusted SG&A rate was
favorable by 110 basis points primarily as a result of fixed cost leverage on higher net sales, the Pinnacle
cost synergies and temporarily reduced spending as employees work from home and significantly reduced
their travel.

I want to give you some additional perspective on our margin expansion. As I just mentioned, operating
margin expanded 250 basis points for the quarter, well ahead of our expectations. Of this 250 basis
point expansion in operating margin this quarter, approximately 60 basis points reflects our ongoing
progress towards achieving our fiscal '22 margin target of 18% to 19%. We also saw an approximate
180 basis point margin benefit from price/mix in the quarter primarily driven by mix and, to a lesser
extent, favorable pricing and lower trade merchandising. We expect to retain some of this benefit going
forward, but exactly how much remains uncertain at this point. An additional 10 basis points of net
margin expansion came from favorable fixed cost leverage across the entire P&L and COVID-related SG&A
benefits, mostly offset by COVID-related cost of goods sold. We do not expect this net benefit to repeat
next year.

Slide 26 summarizes our adjusted operating profit and margin by segment for the second quarter. Our
3 retail segments, all operating profits increased by double-digit percentages versus the same period a
year ago. Each retail segment benefited from higher organic net sales and strong supply chain realized
productivity.

In the Foodservice segment, however, operating profit decreased due to the COVID-related impacts of
lower organic net sales and higher input costs that more than offset the impacts of favorable supply chain
realized productivity and cost synergies. Overall, we're pleased with the continuation of the strong Q1
margin results into the second quarter, which are anchored by core productivity and benefits from the
Pinnacle acquisition we expected to see.

Turning to Slide 27. We've outlined the drivers of our second quarter adjusted diluted EPS growth versus
the same period a year ago. EPS increased 28.6% to $0.81. The growth in the quarter was primarily
driven by the increase in adjusted operating profit associated with the net sales increase and margin
expansion and also benefited from a decrease in net interest expense as we've continued to reduce debt
as prioritized.

Slide 28 highlights our significant progress on the overall synergy capture since the close of the Pinnacle
Foods acquisition during the second quarter of fiscal '19. We captured an incremental $27 million in
savings during the most recent quarter, bringing total cumulative synergies to $246 million. As a reminder,
the majority of total synergies to date have been in SG&A.

Cost of goods sold synergies have started to be a bigger portion of our synergy captured the last 2
quarters, and we expect them to make up a majority of our synergies going forward. We remain pleased
with the team's progress in capturing synergies and remain on track to achieve our fiscal '22 synergy
targets.

Slide 29 shows the strong progress we've made to date to achieve our deleveraging targets. Since the
close of the Pinnacle acquisition in the second quarter of fiscal '19 through the end of the second quarter
of fiscal '21, we have reduced total gross debt by $2.3 billion, resulting in net debt of $9.2 billion.

We are pleased to report that at the end of the second quarter, we achieved our net leverage ratio target
of 3.6x, down from 5x at the closing of the Pinnacle acquisition, and 3.7x at the end of the first quarter of
fiscal '21. Strong consistent improvements in debt reduction, coupled with robust earnings enabled us to
achieve this net leverage ratio target ahead of schedule.

Looking ahead, we will continue to be focused on executing a balanced capital allocation policy. We remain
committed to solid investment-grade credit ratings as we continue to be opportunistic using our balance
sheet to drive shareholder value, such as our increased investment in CapEx and the recent 29% dividend
increase.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 07, 2021

Slide 30 summarizes our outlook. As Sean and I have both said throughout this presentation, we believe
in the strength of Conagra's future. While we're confident in the quarters ahead and that Conagra will
continue to excel beyond the COVID-19 environment, the sustained impact of COVID-19 remains dynamic
and continues to make near-term forecasting with specificity a challenge. We expect the continuation of
elevated retail demand and reduced foodservice demand compared to historic pre-COVID-19 demand
levels. We are currently seeing both of these trends continue in the third quarter to date.

For the third quarter, we expect organic net sales growth to be in the range of plus 6% to 8%. We
expect Q3 operating margin to be in the range of 16% to 16.5%, implying a year-over-year increase
of 30 to 80 basis points. This estimate includes an expected acceleration of our A&P investment in e-
commerce marketing that we started in Q2, reducing the estimated year-over-year Q3 operating margin
expansion. As a reminder, Q3 operating margins are historically lower than Q2 operating margins given
the leverage impact on the seasonality of sales. Given these sales and margin factors, along with expected
improvement in below-the-line items, we expect to deliver third quarter adjusted EPS in the range of
$0.56 to $0.60.

Our third quarter guidance also continues to assume that the end-to-end supply chain operates effectively
during this period of heightened demand. As outlined in our earnings release, our third quarter guidance
does not yet include any impacts from the pending sale of the Peter Pan business. We are selling the
business for approximately $102 million, and the expected annualized impact of the divestiture is a
reduction of approximately $110 million of net sales and $0.03 of adjusted EPS.

Lastly, we are reaffirming all metrics of our fiscal '22 guidance, which also excludes the impact of the
pending sale of Peter Pan. We look forward to presenting again next month at CAGNY, where we will
provide another update on our progress in executing the Conagra Way. We hope you'll join us. Thanks for
listening, everyone. That concludes my remarks this morning.
I'll now pass it to the operator to open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 07, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I guess, today, Conagra reaffirmed the fiscal '22 financial goals, and those have obviously been a key
milestone for the company ever since the Pinnacle deal. And with fiscal '22, really, at this point, rapidly
approaching as well as all the uncertainty around operating in the current environment, I guess, Sean,
can you -- I mean what can you offer to sort of assure investors that Conagra can, not only reach its fiscal
'22 targets, but I guess, more importantly, do it in a way that enables the company to deliver sustainable
growth thereafter? As that's a question that I know I've been getting quite a bit these days.

And as part of that, I saw A&P was up in the quarter, and you mentioned that we should expect that to
continue into the fiscal third quarter, is that a pattern of -- is that pattern of some reinvestment one that
we should expect more of moving forward? So those are kind of combined. And then I've just got a follow-
up for Dave.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Well, there's a lot in that one. So good questions. Let me try to unpack each piece of that. Yes,
of course, we can provide that assurance. We believe that what we are experiencing right now is the
acceleration of product trial that in normal times would take years and hundreds of millions of dollars. Now
as for what's going to sustain it through 2022 and beyond, in a nutshell, it is our people and our playbook.
Now I spoke about our people in my prepared remarks, but let me remind investors about our playbook,
particularly with respect to brand building.

We have spent years curating and optimizing our approach to brand building, and we believe it is one of
the most progressive and effective approaches in our space. The goal, obviously, in brand building is to
create a powerful connection between our consumers and our brands. And in the simplest sense, in our
eyes, to do that, you have to meet people where they are with modernized products and packages. And
then you communicate information that is relevant and meaningful to them. And this is really the heart of
our approach.

So first, we meet people where they are. And you can ask yourself, "Well, where are they these days?"
Well, these days, it's often, a, on their devices, seeking entertainment or information; or b, shopping in
bricks and mortar or online. But it's also important to understand where they're not. And increasingly, we
are seeing that they are not tethered to a television that is broadcasting mass market advertising. You
know when I was 5 years old, that was the place you would find a consumer and you could communicate
the information you had to share. But obviously, if that were our approach today and we're so monolithic,
we wouldn't be finding a lot of consumers, especially not a lot of young consumers who we are very, very
focused on because there are significant sustainable demographic tailwinds there that I've spoken about
before. So instead, we reach our consumers in a diversity of locales from online to in-store, to on TV, to on
radio and more.

And then with respect to communicating the information that's relevant and meaningful to them, it starts,
as you’ve heard me talk many times with, a very modernized product and package design and then a
succinct provocative message around the appealing product benefit. That's our playbook. It works, and
it will continue to work, and it's why our growth rates, our innovation performance, our trial, our repeat,
our depth of repeat metrics are often outpacing our competitors. So in the simplest sense, what we are
asserting here is that modern high-quality products with great online and in-store presence supported by
provocative and targeted messaging will beat outdated lower-quality products with weak online or in-store
presence, but lots of broadcast media every single time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 07, 2021

And then lastly, the last part of your question, our total brand investment already is, it has been at a
strong level, and it remains strong. But yes, it is variable. And in any given quarter, we can flex it based
on the circumstance of the quarter. So recall when supply was constrained, we dialed back. When supply is
ample and we see good ROI opportunities, we can flex it up. And by the way, we can flex it above or below
the line, as you've seen. But overall, I would say the level is in a good place, and I think the strong results
that you're seeing, not just in the absolute, but relative to competition shows that.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. And then, Dave, just a quick follow-up. Can you walk us through again how the operating margin
goes from where it landed in fiscal Q2 to your forecast for Q3? As you mentioned, it represents a pretty
substantial sequential step-down, and is that purely just the marketing aspect? Or are there other factors
we need to take into account there? And maybe it's commodity or commodities, which have spiked a bit
and things of that nature.

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Andrew, let me try to break that down. First, as I mentioned in my remarks, the normal cadence of
operating margin from the second quarter to the third quarter always shows a step down as we exit the
holiday season and lose some of the operating leverage from the lower overall sales dollars.

Second, when you look at Q3 operating margin a year ago, there were some benefits from reduced
incentive comp accrual and SG&A a year ago in Q3. Third, inflation for the third quarter is now estimated
to be around 3.5%, whereas in Q2, it was around 2.8%, 2.9%.

And then lastly, as we just discussed, we are accelerating our A&P investment in the third quarter to
support increased e-commerce marketing that we started in Q2. So we expect double-digit increase in A&P
in the third quarter versus a year ago. So they're really the factors. And with that though, we still, with
our guidance, we're implying a 30 to 80 basis point improvement in operating margin in the third quarter.

Operator

Next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Apologies. It looks like David Palmer is the next
question.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

A bit of a follow-up to Andrew's question. You mentioned slides that Conagra is investing behind and
executing the Conagra Way, and you mentioned 5 years. So I'm wondering if you could maybe give us that
5-year snapshot about where Conagra has shifted its investment in ways that is less obvious. Because I
think everybody sees advertising spending since it is broken out, perhaps give us a feeling about what has
worked best and what you think you might want to be adjusting going forward? And I have a quick follow-
up.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Yes, sure, David. Well, if you go back 5 years, the company 5 to 5.5 years ago, it didn't look anything like
it looks today, right? We were a global conglomerate. We were struggling in the world of private label. We
were trying to be a lot of things to a lot of people.

Today, we are a focused pure-play, largely North American company. And we play in 3 spaces: frozen, we
play in snacks, and it's a very unique snack business with a lot of neglected coves as we call it. And we
play in staples, and that's pretty much the portfolio. And over the last 5 years, the heavy lift was in the
early days where we had to tackle value over volume, and that was painful but necessary to go through to
purge out low-quality volume and establish a new foundation. But it put us in a position to then layer on
outstanding innovation on a much stronger base.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 07, 2021

And we started, as you know, with frozen, and we have what we believe is the leading frozen portfolio in
North America that has been growing incredibly robustly. It is a centerpiece of our investment and our
innovation effort, and that will continue because we are in the early innings of frozen's success.

And as I pointed out in CAGNY last year, when you look at the demographic tailwinds we have from
millennials as they form households, and they -- we know they're already big users of frozen, but then
when they form households, have their first child and then additional children, the per capita consumption
of those household goes up and up and up again, so that's frozen.

Our snacks business, we really rebased that a couple of years ago, and we said we're going to stand as a
snack company. We run it like a snack company. And the performance there has just been outstanding.
It's been both organic and it's been through M&A. And we think that playbook will continue. It's a high-
growth, high-margin business, and we've got extremely strong relative market shares in that space. So
that will also continue, and that remains the other, probably our second priority in terms of investment.
And again, these investments come below the line and above the line. It's all about the combination of
physical and available -- mental availability, meeting people where they are, as I just pointed out.

But the third piece is one of the more interesting pieces during and post pandemic, which is our staples
portfolio, about 1/3 of our retail business in staples, which historically was a cash managed for cash type
of business. But these products here are not -- there are a lot of products that are not fundamentally
different from what you might see at some of our peer companies like a McCormick, where spices are
utilities in the cooking process, no differently than a can of RO*TEL or PAM cooking spray is a utility in the
cooking process.

And to some degree, those products go as cooking goes. And what's happening right now is cooking is in
a very, very good place, not just because of the older generations who've always been more established
in terms of cooking behavior, but the fact that these younger households have learned to kind of be
comfortable in their own home, have explored their culinary and built their culinary skills out and are
absolutely enamored with recipes and cooking right now.

So a lot of our staple products, be it products like Hunt's tomato, RO*TEL, our salsa business, our dressing
businesses. These are businesses that are playing a meaningful role during the pandemic, and we believe
because of some of these demographic tailwinds will continue at an elevated level post-pandemic.

So very strong up forward-looking performance in frozen and snacks and more optimism in terms of the
growth potential out of staples than probably pre-pandemic is how I would put it. Dave, do you want to
add anything to that?

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. The only thing I would say that really sits on top of all that is the investments we've made in
supporting e-commerce capability, right? If you look at investments in the supply chain, kind of our new
-- our approach to modern marketing, retailer investments, analytics, all of that capability we invested in
early on, which we're now seeing the benefits of that is with COVID and the acceleration of e-commerce.
So I would add that, that really applies to everything, both legacy and innovation volume.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Your question, David and Andrew's question for, obviously, a lot of this, and obviously, the key question on
investors' minds right now has a lot to do with this stickiness thing.

One of the things I shared last quarter that I might point into our investors' attention back to was a slide
that showed that after the previous recession in 2008, we saw a permanently elevated level of at-home
eating occasions. And what was more interesting about the first 6 months of this pandemic is the level of
elevation we saw this year or this past year was twice what we saw in 2008. And that was just a -- this is
in a very short period of time. So there is previous evidence of stickiness post the adversity. And I think
this time we see not just a similar level of stickiness occurring but a higher level.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 07, 2021

Operator

The next question is from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Can you hear me this time? Sorry about that. Two questions for me. Number one, I wanted to ask about
the organic top line guidance for the third quarter. You'll be lapping the air pocket that you talked about
last year. You have a much easier comparison in the third quarter versus the second quarter, but you're
guiding to a deceleration in organic sales growth from 8.1% to that range of 6.8% again. I'm just --
I guess I'm just curious, can you walk us through some of the factors that are maybe leading to that
slowdown? And again, it's a pretty steep slowdown on a 2-year basis. So just curious what some of those
headwinds might be.

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Ken. This is Dave. Let me -- so overall, when we look at Q3, we look at it very similar to Q2. So we
expect shipments to be roughly in line with consumption. There are some puts and takes there. The third
quarter can be a time where you see some retailers reduce inventory levels historically. But we have such
strong demand right now that we are seeing orders that are strong because we're replenishing to be able
to have the right stock to support the demand, so there's a lot of dynamics going on in this third quarter
that we haven't seen in prior third quarter. So our planning posture is we feel good about our consumption
cost. It will be very similar to what we saw in Q2. And we believe that shipments are going to roughly be
in line with that, and there's going to be some puts and takes between the different segments. But that's
our planning posture right now, just given all the dynamics that are going on in Q3. Sean, anything you
want to add to that?

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

No, I think that summarizes it.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then I wanted to ask a quick follow-up. Sean, you've been more -- one of the more confident
CEOs in our space when it comes to that stickiness of demand after the crisis is over. I think you gave
some very compelling reasons today why that stickiness will be there. But if that sustainable growth is
already here, can you talk about -- and I guess this is for Dave too, how should you think or how should
we think about your desire to kind of grow CapEx over the next couple of years to support that heightened
demand? You talked about free cash flow, that wasn't changed. I'm just wondering if there's a chance
that as you see demand perhaps being sticky, that your plants will need a little more expansion to kind of
support the -- what's out there in the consumer world?

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, we're already doing that, Ken. And if I just use Slim Jim as an example. And first of all, let
me just say, you're 100% right. When we think about ROIC, when we deploy our capital against organic
growth opportunities, we see oftentimes some of the very best returns, and we have done that. So on
Slim Jim, as an example, we've dramatically increased the size of the plant a year or so ago, and that
business has performed so well and utilizing that capacity, we're on the precipice of doing that again. And
so those types of capital investments are clearly on our radar and are priorities for us. But we have other
capital allocation options as well, and that is all part of our balanced approach to capital allocation. Dave,
do you want to pick up on that a little bit?

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 07, 2021

Yes. Yes. Just to give you some examples. So if you look at the first half, our CapEx spending is up over
50%, right? So we're investing in CapEx now. Some of the big drivers there, there's a lot of things. We
have 2 big network optimization projects, one in grocery, one in refrigerated frozen that drives strong ROI
and continues to help drive our margins. And then we have a big investment in Birds Eye to build capacity
for the long term.

So as Sean said, we look at the capital allocation on a balanced basis, but we feel really good about the
investment opportunities we have in CapEx. And so it's a good situation because we have a lot of good
things to invest in.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just to be 100% clear, the free cash flow guidance that you have out there, that includes what you think
will be necessary for CapEx to support the increased demand that's out there?

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

That's correct. Yes. And you'll see in our Q that we file our estimate for the year for CapEx and that
reflects that.

Operator

The next question today comes from Chris Growe of Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I just had a question for you. And when I look at the divisions, and this is in relation to my expectations,
you had really strong leverage in the Refrigerated & Frozen division. And then less leverage, I’m going
to say, that way in the Snacks & Grocery division, and that was a little different than what I expected
for the quarter. I just wanted to understand maybe the nuances between those 2 divisions. And I guess
the degree to which using third parties, for example, for manufacturing that could be limiting the margin
expansion in, say, the Grocery & Snacks division as an example.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Chris. So when you look at this quarter, Grocery & Snacks was really hit harder in 2 areas relative to
Refrigerated & Frozen. One, more of the COVID-related costs hit Grocery & Snacks. So our COVID costs
include additional transportation costs, all the kind of PPE stuff, [ co-mans ] that we use. So more of that
hit Grocery & Snacks in the quarter.

And then secondly, inflation. More of our overall inflation for the quarter hit the Grocery & Snacks business
relative to Refrigerated & Frozen. So there are really 2 of the drivers when you look at the 2 segments
side by side.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then just maybe a bit of a follow-on. In terms of your input costs, you also called out
transportation costs as incremental cost for them. And you mentioned before, Dave, that input costs are
up and it sounds like the upper 2s, maybe 3% type range. They're going to be higher in Q3. When you
give that figure, is that incorporating COVID-related costs as well? Is that kind of the total cost basket?
And if so, I'm just curious if that's the right number, kind of 3.5% all in for the third quarter?

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 07, 2021

Yes. No. And you'll see in our bridge, the COVID-related costs are separate than inflation. So we'll look at
our commodities and packaging inflation, transportation, that's separate than COVID. The COVID things
are just specific costs related that we're incurring because of the COVID environment. So yes, for this
quarter, inflation was 2.9%. That translates to the 200 basis point headwind in operating margin you see
on the bridge.

But then you'll see another bridge item, which is a 100 basis point headwind, that's COVID-related costs.
So we break those out separately. So yes, I said for Q3, we expect that inflation number to be more
around 3.5% versus the 2.9% that we saw in Q2.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. So therefore, a little heavier hit to gross margin in the third quarter, right? I see that in the bridge
here.

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. That's included. That's part of our Q3 operating margin guide.

Operator

The next question is from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

So my question is just around inflation. We've seen some increases in the last month or 2 in some of the
agricultural commodities and certainly freight energy, just the overall even economists' macro views seem
to be pointing towards more inflation. So I guess 2 questions related to that. One, how are we hedged? Or
how should we be thinking about inflation and managing it as we move into fiscal '22? And maybe what's
contemplated in the '22 targets that you reaffirmed this morning?

And then Sean, I guess, second to that is just given how the retail environment's changed a bit, is there
anything different in terms of the way that you might approach inflation and pricing with retailers today
than maybe would have been the case pre-COVID?

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So why don't I start with that. So yes, we are seeing inflation. From a procurement perspective,
our procurement department is very experienced, and we're looking at every area, every commodity,
and we're taking positions where we feel like there's opportunities to do that. So that's really part of
our ongoing kind of process. So at this point, obviously, we're looking at fiscal '21, but we'll even have
positions that go into fiscal '22. So that's all part of our internal process that we always have.

The key part of this, and then I'll pass it to Sean and we've talked about this at Investor Day that we
manage margins to offset inflation in a lot of different areas. And so we look at, obviously, we have our
productivity programs and supply chain. We have our margin-accretive innovation, our pricing, trade
optimization, our mix. And then the way we can sculpt margin through M&A. And so we're obviously
looking at all those levers. And then more recently, obviously, with Pinnacle and the synergies that we're
getting out of that, that's helping drive margin plus the fixed overhead absorption we're getting from the
higher volumes from COVID. So that all comes into play as we think about margin from a macro level.
Sean, anything to...

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, I think just reemphasizing integrated margin management, it's a capability we put in place a
number of years ago. It is multifaceted. It is how we offset inflation. The only thing that I would point out

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 07, 2021

that potentially different, Bryan, your emphasis is a bit different. Post-COVID is brand mix, specifically
the staples business, which is stronger today and these cooking utilities that we expected may remain a
bit stronger because of these millennials cooking at home. Those tend to be extremely relatively strong
margins for us. So that is -- that's good brand mix for us. And that's just -- that's fortunate that, that
piece of the portfolio and these younger consumers engaging in cooking habits and really liking our #1
brands in that space, that's a positive overall in terms of integrated margin management.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

And Sean, can you remind us just in a period where there's just more general inflation across all parts
of the economy, so it's not just agricultural. But if we're going to go into a position -- situation where
with all the government spending, there's just going to be just more general inflation, which we haven't
experienced in a really long time. Typically, that's an environment that makes it a lot easier for the
industry to cover inflation. Is that right?

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Well, within the 6 traditional levers that we lean on to kind of offset any kind of margin compression, the
one that you're really poking at there is pricing. And the way -- the language we use internally is inflation-
justified pricing. Our view is always that if inflation justifies it, we will seek to take pricing. And that's kind
of always been our approach. It's never a joyous walk in the park, as you all know. But it is something
that principally we, as manufacturers, have to do because we need to continue to make these investments
in our innovation so that we can keep these categories growing and keep the retailers happy. And it's
difficult to do that if inflation comes and you cannot take inflation-justified pricing.

Operator

The next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Congrats on a strong quarter. I wanted to -- I want to come back first to Bryan's question. As part of his
question he asked you what was embedded, what inflation assumption is embedded in your fiscal '22
guidance. I didn't hear the answer to that. Can you provide us that answer?

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. We're not giving specifics on fiscal '22 as it relates to inflation right now, Jason. But it's -- we
reaffirmed fiscal '22. So you can assume that we're looking at different ranges of outcomes for inflation,
but we're not disclosing it at this point.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Understood. And Dave, you mentioned one lever is to sculpt margin through M&A. Can you go
a little bit deeper on what you mean by that? And also talk about your M&A appetite now that you've
effectively -- you hit your leverage target much faster than expected, does that open up more aperture? Is
there appetite there for you to be back in the market pursuing acquisitions?

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Jason, it's Sean. Let me just take it from the top in terms of kind of our philosophy on M&A.
Obviously, we've been very active in the last 5 years with inbound stuff and outbound stuff. And when
we do that, both ways, it is -- we do consider not -- we consider it as we're reshaping the portfolio
for better growth and better margins. And so items that come in and brands that come in, not only

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 07, 2021

need to be strategic, but ideally will help us in terms of our forward-looking growth rates and margins.
Similarly, items that we divest sometimes can be things that have been a chronic drag on growth rates or
margins. So by effectively managing kind of both the inbounds and the outbounds, remainco, so to speak,
the remaining company going forward should look better. That's the ideal situation in terms of growth
prospects and margin.

And we've got -- obviously, we've been active doing that. We'll continue to be active. We just announced
the divestiture of Peter Pan. We've got this capital loss carryforward that we're well aware of, we talk
about every day. And our principle there is pretty simple, which is if something is not a fit for us and
somebody else wants to make an offer for an asset that is above what we see as the intrinsic value, then
we're all ears on that kind of thing.

Similarly, on inbound stuff, we're just now getting to the point where we're feeling -- our focus has
been about delevering. Let's not -- let's be very clear on that. Ever since the Pinnacle acquisition, we've
been 100% focused on delevering. We're now ahead of that cadence. So we can start to see our way
toward other uses of capital going forward, what they could be share buybacks, they could be bolt-on
acquisitions. They just have to make sense. Or could be investing in our business, as Ken pointed out in
our own CapEx. So that's -- all of that's fair game. Dave, do you want to add anything to that?

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

No, you got it.

Operator

The next question comes from Rob Dickerson of Jefferies.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great. So I just want to focus a little bit on the fiscal '22 targets. Obviously, as you said, we could see,
right, the margin targets coming in ahead of plan, leverage target is coming in ahead of plan. But then
we're also all kind of talking about the inflationary effects potentially this year.

And then it sounds like you think you can hold some of the pricing benefits you've already received. But
then we have to combine that with some or, let's say, less fixed cost leverage as we think about next year.
So it seems like kind of what's implied in all of it is our targets aren't changing, but the targets that we
have are still slightly below where we've come in the first half of this year. So it sounds like just kind of
where you sit now, your visibility, all things considered, you just pointed to this, Dave, in terms of your --
kind of your sensitivity analysis, right? As you look forward next year, all things netted out, you say, yes,
we might have to give some of this back, we might have to give some of that back. But kind of net-net,
relative to where we were last year, we feel just as good or maybe stronger about hitting those margin
targets while at the same time as we continue to see kind of sales revised upwards.

So kind of net-net, what I'm asking is like why wouldn’t -- not just the margin piece, why wouldn’t kind of
the operating profit dollars in fiscal '22 be higher than you even thought they would have been 1.5 years
ago? Lot in there, but...

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So let me take a shot at that, Rob. So obviously, starting at the top of fiscal '22, how we come out
post-COVID and what the stickiness is obviously impacts the top line and that drives that -- the sales
dollars and then the gross profit, operating profit dollars, right? So -- but if you kind of step back and
you look at this quarter, and let me just take this Q2 and dissect it a little bit differently, so you get an
understanding of kind of what's happening in margin. If you look at -- we improved operating margin 250
basis points this quarter, and there's 3 buckets, okay?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 07, 2021

The first bucket is improvement that we got that's not going to stay with us. And that's 10 basis points
of the 250. And what is that? That's all this COVID stuff. It's the COVID costs that are a bad guy. It's the
lower SG&A from COVID because we're not traveling, which is a good guy. It's favorable absorption across
the P&L, which is a good guy. You net all that stuff together, that's 10 basis points of benefit we got this
quarter that's not going to recur.

The second bucket is what is going to recur, and that's our core productivity. That is our realized
productivity from supply chain. That's our Pinnacle synergies and then that's inflation and business
investments. For the quarter, the net benefit of that was 60 basis points and those programs will continue
to go.

The third bucket is where we are still evaluating it in terms of the ongoing benefit is price/mix. We had
180 basis points of price/mix benefit in Q2. Now the majority of that was mix and a lot of that's from
volume. So there is a part of that, that will not recur. But there's also a benefit from less merchandising
and pricing in there. And some of that will recur, but we're not quantifying what amount of the 180 will
recur. So I say it that way because it's hard to look at some of these numbers sometimes and really
understand what's ongoing versus what's not. So hopefully, that's a little helpful kind of looking at this
quarter and thinking how it could apply. But all that kind of goes into the mixture. Obviously, inflation,
everything else we're looking at as we run scenarios to give us the confidence to reaffirm '22.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And then I guess, just quickly coming back to the cash piece and cash
allocation, the leverage targets ahead of schedule ramp the dividend impressively. And then obviously,
a lot of talk around capacity and CapEx needs. But just kind of given valuation of the stock and you're
seeing maybe other companies within the space, continue to announce ongoing repurchase programs, and
there's more activity in the space. Like why not be more proactive around buying your stock back? And
that's all.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Rob, it's Sean. Obviously, buybacks have been part of our repertoire before and undoubtedly will
be again, in any given window, it's all about the relative appeal of these capital allocation options and
obviously, stock price factors into that one that you raised. So obviously, this is -- it's clearly an option for
us and one that we will weigh against our other options.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Brian
Kearney for any closing remarks.

Brian Kearney
Head of Investor Relations

Great. Thank you. So as a reminder, this call has been recorded and will be archived on the web as
detailed in our press release. The IR team is available for any follow-up discussions that anyone may have.
Thank you for your interest in Conagra Brands.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 07, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

