Conagra Brands, Inc. NYSE:CAG
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, March 31, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.49

0.47

(4.08 %)

0.54

2.09

2.23

Revenue  (mm)

2588.48

2555.00

(1.29 %)

2755.22

10551.81

10462.39

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Mar-31-2020 1:55 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.41

0.38

0.57

0.49

0.36

0.43

0.63

0.47

(12.20 %)

13.16 %

10.53 %

(4.08 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian Kearney
Head of Investor Relations

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Steven A. Strycula
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Conagra Brands Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the
conference over to Brian Kearney from Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Brian Kearney
Head of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'll remind you that we will be making some forward-
looking statements during today's call. While we are making those statements in good faith, we do not
have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. Descriptions of the risk factors are included in
the documents we filed with the SEC.

Also we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted items, including
organic net sales, refer to measures that exclude items management believes impact the comparability
for the period referenced. Please see the earnings release for additional information on our comparability
items. The reconciliations to those adjusted measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures
can be found in either the earnings release or in the earnings slides, both of which can be found in the
Investor Relations section of our website, conagrabrands.com.

Finally, we will be making references to Total Conagra Brands as well as the Legacy Conagra Brands.
References to Legacy Conagra Brands refer to measures that exclude any income or expenses associated
with the acquired Pinnacle Foods business.

With that, I'll turn it over to Sean.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter fiscal 2020 earnings
call. On behalf of Conagra Brands, I want to start by expressing my heartfelt hope that you and your
families are staying safe during this unprecedented time.

Today, I'm going to address 2 main topics: Our response to COVID-19 and its impact on our business
as well as the underlying trends that we saw in the third quarter, which ended just before the impact of
COVID-19 started. Rest assured that we're taking all necessary precautions to protect the health and
safety of our employees and our ability to safely and reliably meet consumers' needs. For the most recent
status of our efforts to respond to COVID-19, please visit conagrabrands.com. We'll continue to provide
updated information on our site as the situation evolves.

As I'll describe in more detail in a moment, we've taken a number of steps to ensure our supply chain
continues to operate well. We're incredibly proud of our teams who have been producing and delivering
without disruption.

While we all remain focused on executing through this rapidly evolving situation, I don't want to lose
sight of the fact that we've made significant progress against the operational objectives we established
for fiscal 2020. In many ways, our progress against these objectives is enhancing our ability to navigate
this crisis. Recall, at the outset of fiscal 2020, we set out to execute on integration, synergy capture and
deleveraging, drive strong consumption growth in frozen and snacks, improved trends in Hunt's Tomatoes
and Chef Boyardee and the trend in the Legacy Pinnacle business, and drive innovation and growth in
Gardein. I'm proud to say that through the third quarter, we remain squarely on track with all of these
objectives.

And from a financial standpoint, the third quarter results are in line with the expectations we provided
at CAGNY. As we previously described, industry softness, which started in December in foodservice and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

pivoted to retail in January, put pressure on consumption trends in several of our key categories, which
more than offset share gains. As expected, consumption trends recovered in February prior to COVID-19
impact. It's important to keep in mind that our third quarter ended on February 23. At that time, there
were very few reported cases in the U.S. and, notably, no widespread change in behavior. As we all know,
that has changed significantly in recent weeks.

From the second week of our fiscal fourth quarter-to-date, we've experienced the unprecedented impact
of COVID-19 as consumers have stocked up on food and shift rapidly to eating more at home. Given the
quality of our brands and the categories we participate in, Conagra is well positioned to serve consumers
during this time of disruption and extraordinary demand. Our team is hard at work in close coordination
with our customers to ensure that consumers have access to the food they need to stay safe at home.

At this point, the magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 impact is still uncertain. However, I can tell you
that we expect to exceed our prior full year guidance for total company sales and profit metrics, assuming
the end-to-end supply chain continues to operate effectively. We will provide more detail on the impact of
COVID-19 in a moment. But first, we would like to walk you through the highlights of the third quarter.

During the third quarter, our performance was in line with the updated expectations that we provided at
CAGNY. Organic net sales growth decreased 1.7%, while our adjusted operating margin was 15.7%, and
our adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations was $0.47 for the quarter. As we noted at CAGNY,
we saw category softness in January that was greater than anticipated. At the time, we told you that our
more recent data was improving, and we expect it to bounce back, and that's exactly what happened.

As you can see on Slide 7, Total Conagra retail sales returned to growth in the final 4 weeks of February
and sustained a normal rate into the first week of Q4. Clearly, even before the current disruption due to
COVID-19, we were well on track and had already seen the expected rebound in consumption trends.

Not only did we see growth of 0.9% in the 4 weeks ended February 23, but what we saw in the week
ended March 1, which is in our fiscal fourth quarter, reaffirmed this return to consumption growth. And
during the quarter, we continued to deliver on integration, synergies and deleveraging.

On integration, we have been converting Legacy Pinnacle plants over to SAP. And through Q3, this
multiyear process has been progressing on plan. We captured $33 million in incremental synergies,
increasing our total through the end of Q3 million to $145 million. And we made further progress on
reducing our net debt position by paying down $450 million of debt during the quarter.

Slide 9 demonstrates our continued success in the important frozen category. As both graphics
demonstrate, we maintained strong growth during the quarter across our frozen portfolio, both for Total
Conagra Brands and Legacy Conagra Brands. As we will discuss later in the presentation, Total Conagra's
frozen growth has been driven by both Legacy Conagra and Legacy Pinnacle.

Slide 10 shows the outsized performance of Conagra's Frozen Meals within the category. Not only did we
have yet another quarter of gaining share of shelf and share of sales, but we also did so at an accelerated
rate.

Our snacks segment reported solid growth in the third quarter. Total snacks were up 2.9% during the
quarter and 8.7% on a 2-year basis. Our results were led by our meat snacks and seeds businesses, which
delivered growth of 8.4% and 5.9%, respectively.

And as Slide 12 shows, we continued to gain share in many of our snack categories in Q3.

Another key objective for fiscal 2020 was to improve trends in Hunt's tomatoes and Chef Boyardee. As
you can see on Slide 13, that's just what we've done. Over the 5-week period ended February 23, Hunt's
tomatoes and Chef Boyardee gained 2.2% and 4.5% in dollar sales growth, respectively. And both brands
also grew share of retail sales over that same period, as outlined on Slide 14. It's worth noting that these
trends for Hunt's tomatoes and Chef Boyardee continued into the first week of our fiscal fourth quarter
prior to the impact of COVID-19.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

Slide 15 shows a milestone for Conagra as we bent the trend on Legacy Pinnacle on both a 1-year and
a 2-year basis. Recall that in December 2018, we outlined a number of actions that were needed to get
Pinnacle back on track. We also indicated that we did not expect to see the impact of those actions until
the second half of fiscal 2020, which, as you can see here, is exactly what has occurred.

And Slide 16 shows how we've been able to bend the trend in the big 3 legacy Pinnacle brands by
implementing the Conagra Way playbook. We started with Wish-Bone, where the missteps came from
several executional issues, including a label change, which we quickly addressed to stabilize the brand. As
a result, we saw an immediate spike in retail sales before returning to more normal levels.

Birds Eye, which is our biggest brand, took a little longer as the playbook required us to remove lower-
performing SKUs, which negatively impacted sales and distribution. Notably, Birds Eye is now contributing
to our growth as the innovation we launched in the first half of fiscal 2020 builds momentum with more
innovation to come.

With respect to Duncan Hines, we've made great progress on reframing the brand as a sweet treat but
recognize that there's more work to be done. We're focused on introducing more on-trend innovation as
we trim lower-performing SKUs. While it will take time to return this brand to growth, we're confident in
the ongoing implementation of the Conagra Way playbook.

Another Legacy Pinnacle brand that has benefited from the Conagra Way is Gardein, which is
accelerating at very strong rates. As a reminder, we've made significant investments to expand Gardein's
manufacturing capacity, which came online earlier this fiscal year. As the slide shows, the brand's growth
is attributed to more than just meatless burgers and includes meatless options for chicken, seafood and
sausages, to name a few. As you can see, it's clear that we remained on track with all our fiscal 2020
operational objectives through the third quarter.

Now let's turn to the current quarter and the balance of the year. Typically, we would be spending our time
on this call reaffirming our guidance and discussing the shortlist of initiatives underway to close out the
year. But this year is unprecedented, and the impact of COVID-19 will be significant.

Let me start by saying that our top priorities right now are the health and safety of our employees as well
as our ability to safely and responsibly meet customer and consumer needs. With respect to our results,
the magnitude of the impact is difficult to predict. What we know to date, the Q4 retail demand surge is
significant and spans multiple retail channels, including e-commerce. While our Foodservice segment is
facing headwinds, that impact is more than offset by increased demand in our retail segments. Given the
depth and breadth of our portfolio, we are well positioned to meet this increased demand for at-home
consumption. Having all these brands and capabilities under one roof is enabling us to meet a wide array
of customer and consumer demands.

Importantly, we've been able to address this retail demand surge because of a strong business continuity
plan that we were able to activate as soon as the market disruption began. I'm very proud of the
extraordinary efforts across our company and the way our teams have supported each other and our
business, all in the pursuit of ensuring that consumers are able to access food during this time. We have
decided to temporarily delay some Legacy Pinnacle plants SAP implementation to prioritize supplying
customers with the food they require now. But our integration plans are otherwise on track. We will
continue to consider and prioritize our business needs as the COVID-19 situation unfolds.

And I'd like to take a minute to talk a bit more about the Conagra team and, in particular, to highlight
the exceptional work of our supply chain team. While demand has sharply increased, our order fulfillment
rate so far in Q4 has remained above 90%. This is a testament to the systems we have in place and the
commitment of our people. This has been remarkable to see, and I'd like to thank our Chief Supply Chain
Officer, Dave Biegger, and the entire supply chain team for their incredible efforts.

Our supplies of ingredients and packaging remain sufficient, and we've experienced minimal disruption
so far in the quarter. All of our North America manufacturing facilities are open and running at high levels
of utilization, and our distribution network remains fully operational. Our plants and locations have the
resources and critical equipment they need to operate in full compliance with current regulations and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

CDC guidance. And I'm proud of the remarkable level of collaboration among our sales, customer order
management and supply chain teams. That collaboration, along with the work we're doing with customers,
is enabling us to ensure we are able to supply consumers with the food they need. Great job all around.

Although providing specific Q4 guidance is not possible due to the uncertainty of this situation, we do want
to give you a sense of our experience so far. The chart on Slide 20 shows what we've seen in the market
to date. You can see that there has been a material increase in demand the past few weeks. While some
categories are benefiting more than others, all categories and all temperature states are seeing increases.
In addition to a significant uptick in sales, our execution has enabled Conagra to outperform and gain
share in the categories in which we compete. The data we're showing in the chart is only measured
channel data. It's important to note that demand has surged broadly across retail channels, including e-
commerce as well as for pickup and delivery, most of which are not reflected in this data. Similar to our
measured channel retail business, our e-commerce business is also up in sales, outpacing the competition
and gaining share.

Overall, we made good progress during the third quarter of the year. Our quarterly results were in line
with our updated expectations, and we remained on track with all of our fiscal 2020 operational objectives.
Going forward, our teams are prioritizing health and safety, adapting well and operating effectively to
ensure consumers are able to access food they need. And while this is clearly an unprecedented time, we
will not lose focus on executing the Conagra Way playbook. Our brand-building and innovation processes
remain critical pieces to our long-term success. We're updating our full year guidance today to note that
we now expect to exceed our prior full year guidance for total company sales and profit metrics.

Beyond fiscal 2020, it's important to note that we are also working with customers as they reevaluate
the timing of promotions and shelf resets as they look to minimize in-store disruption during this time
of surging demand. Finally, while the situation is still evolving, we believe the sharp increase in at-home
eating occasions is generating trial among new consumers that we did not anticipate accessing. We view
this dynamic as a long-term opportunity for our portfolio overall and, in particular, our leading frozen
business.

With that, I'll turn it over to Dave.

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. I hope you and your families are all staying healthy and safe.
Before I get into the details, I want to remind you that Q3 has been the first full quarter following the
anniversary of the Pinnacle acquisition. As a result, Pinnacle's full quarterly results are now reflected in our
organic figures.

I'll start my remarks this morning by calling out a few highlights from our performance for the quarter,
which are outlined on Slide 23. As Sean discussed, our Q3 performance was consistent with the
expectations we've provided at CAGNY. This included broad-based category softness early in the quarter,
and a return to consumption growth in February prior to the COVID-19 related surge in demand. I'll
unpack these results further in the slides to come. But overall, for the third quarter, reported net sales
were down 5.6% versus the same period a year ago, with organic net sales down 1.7%. The organic net
sales decline was in line with the updated expectations that we provided in February.

Adjusted gross profit decreased 10.5%, and adjusted operating profit declined 8.9%. We continued to
operate efficiently from an SG&A perspective, capturing strong synergies.

Adjusted EBITDA, which includes equity method investment earnings and pension and postretirement
nonservice income, decreased 7.1% in the quarter. And adjusted diluted EPS decreased 7.8% to $0.47 for
the quarter. Again, this was in line with our updated expectations.

Let's jump into net sales a bit more. Slide 24 depicts the 5.6% change versus the same period a year ago.
As you can see, the broad-based category softness that we discussed at CAGNY drove our volume down
1.3%. Also our price/mix was unfavorable 40 basis points as we continued to support many of our brands
with incremental promotions. As I mentioned on prior quarterly calls, we expect that our year-over-year

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

change in retailer investments to be much smaller and less material in the second half of fiscal '20 and
beyond now that this type of spending is in our base. As a result, we will no longer be breaking out that
bridging item and will return to our historical approach of showing just the impact of price/mix overall.

Moving to Slide 25, you can find our sales summary by segment. In the quarter, organic net sales for the
Grocery & Snacks segment decreased 3.6%. The snacks business continued to perform well. However, this
segment was negatively affected by weather with a warmer-than-normal winter this year stacked against
an abnormally cold prior year. On a reported net sales basis, divestiture activity subtracted 5.9%. Organic
net sales for Refrigerated & Frozen increased 0.3% as the frozen business continued to perform well
behind the recent innovation launches. Importantly, as Sean mentioned, we saw Frozen Meals continue
to gain share at an accelerated rate in the quarter. The strength in the frozen business continued to be
somewhat masked by declines in the refrigerated business.

Turning to our international segment. Quarterly net sales and organic net sales for the segment decreased
3.2% and 1.9%, respectively. Throughout the quarter, the segment continued to benefit from the growth
in the Canadian snacks business and frozen businesses. Recall that earlier this year, we said that the
business in India had a transitory headwind that would rebound in the second half, and that is what we
saw in Q3. These benefits were more than offset by economic challenges primarily in Mexico, and certain
planned value-over-volume actions.

Net sales for the Foodservice segment decreased 8% in Q3, while organic net sales decreased 2.2% as
divestitures subtracted 5.8%. The organic net sales decrease was driven by volume declines of 4.6% as a
result of soft industry traffic trends early in the quarter that were partially offset by a 2.4% improvement
in price/mix.

Turning to Slide 26, you can see the adjusted operating bridge for the quarter versus the prior year. As
I mentioned on our second quarter call, input cost inflation did start to increase in Q3. In the quarter,
inflation was just over 3%, which translated into a 240-basis-point headwind to margin. Importantly,
however, our gross margin expansion levers such as realized productivity, pricing, mix and synergies
continue to be effective in Q3. The increased promotional support in the quarter partially offset these
benefits, resulting in a 90-basis-point improvement in gross margin. A&P had only a modest impact on
margin in the quarter, while reduced SG&A spend benefited our operating margin by 100 basis points
during the quarter.

Slide 27 highlights the significant progress that we've made to date on our overall synergy capture
from the Pinnacle acquisition. In Q3, we realized $33 million of incremental synergies, bringing our total
synergy capture through the end of Q3 to $145 million. We remain on track to achieve approximately
$180 million of synergies by the end of fiscal '20, with $20 million being reinvested into longer-term
business opportunities. We also remain on track to deliver our total synergy target of $305 million, again,
with $20 million of that being reinvested into longer-term business opportunities.

Turning to Slide 28, you will see an outline of our adjusted operating profit and operating margin for the
third quarter. Our adjusted operating profit decreased 8.9% in Q3, and our adjusted operating margin
came in at 15.7%. Across our segments, realized productivity and cost synergies benefited our operating
profit in the quarter. These benefits were more than offset by the impacts of higher input costs, lower
organic net sales, inventory write-offs, lost profit from divested businesses.

Slide 29 outlines the various drivers of our Q3 adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations. In Q3,
our adjusted diluted EPS of $0.47 decreased by $0.04 compared to the same period a year ago. The
decrease in adjusted operating profit and higher tax rate during the quarter more than offset the benefit
from improved pension income and interest.

Slide 30 summarizes Conagra's net debt and cash flow information. I'm sure that our perspective on the
balance sheet and liquidity are top of mind in these uncertain times. I'll start by reminding you that we
have made significant progress towards our deleveraging and free cash flow targets in recent quarters.
Since the closing of the Pinnacle acquisition through the end of Q3, we have reduced total gross debt by
over $1.5 billion, improving our balance sheet and the overall health of our business. With respect to Q3,
we reduced debt by $450 million while our net debt balance at quarter end was $9.9 billion, and the net

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

debt leverage ratio was 4.8x. At the end of the third quarter, our average debt maturity was approximately
8.8 years. Our weighted average coupon was approximately 4.7%, and approximately 92% of our total
debt was fixed.

Free cash flow year-to-date is $641 million, marking an improvement of over $100 million against the
same period last year. We remain on schedule with our deleveraging targets and are confident we will
achieve our fiscal '21 leverage target of 3.6 to 3.5x.

Overall, we remain confident in the strength of our balance sheet, and we have many options for
maintaining liquidity. First, we ended the quarter with $99 million of cash on hand. We expect stronger
cash flows in Q4 due to the normal seasonality of our business and because of the increased retail
demand we're experiencing in light of COVID-19. Our capital allocation priorities remain constant. We
are committed to maintaining our dividend, deleveraging and maintaining a solid investment-grade credit
rating. Along these lines, we anticipate deleveraging further in Q4 of fiscal '20.

In addition to cash flow from operations, we also have a $1.6 billion fully undrawn revolving credit
facility. During certain months of the year, we issued commercial paper against this revolver to fund
working capital needs. We did not need to access the commercial paper markets during Q3, and we don't
anticipate needing access during the rest of Q4. Given our strong cash flow and borrowing capacity, we
have many options available to fund upcoming debt maturities in August and October.

At CAGNY last month, we discussed that we continue to explore smart divestitures that can help sculpt
top line performance and generate cash flow to support deleveraging. By smart, we mean ensuring that
any potential divestiture will deliver a valuation that exceeds our intrinsic value. In this environment, our
brands are growing and playing an important role for consumers, and they are generating sales and cash
flow in excess of historic levels. While we continue to evaluate portfolio actions, we do not feel pressure to
pursue any divestitures that are not value-creating.

Now recognizing that our new guidance isn't specific, I want to give you some color on what we do
know and what we don't know at this point. What we do know is that our retail businesses have seen
accelerating shipments. In our domestic retail business, which is about 80% of total company sales, total
fourth quarter-to-date shipments have increased approximately 50% versus last year, similar to the most
recent consumption data. Internationally, the impact has been a bit mixed, with the Canada retail business
seeing increased demand but some softness in global export.

All told, quarter to-go retail shipments are difficult to predict, given the wide range of possible outcomes.
Just as the retail businesses are seeing a surge in demand, our Foodservice business, which is about 10%
of total company sales, is beginning to experience the negative impact of the COVID-19 situation. So far in
Q4, Foodservice shipment declines have accelerated, and trends imply a Q4 organic net sales decline that
could be in the range of down 50% to 60% versus last year.

Turning to profit. As you would expect, we believe that the significant demand surge in the retail
businesses, which are the vast majority of our sales, will positively benefit profit versus our prior guidance.
We also expect that the mix of sales and operating leverage of the increased volume will benefit gross
margins. Just how much is too speculative to forecast at this time as we are also increasing investment
where needed to ensure we support the surge in demand. We are incredibly proud of the investment we
are making in the supply chain to meet demand. Not only are we investing as needed to meet customer
orders, but we are providing direct financial support and recognition to our people and communities.

I'd now like to turn to our fiscal '20 guidance on Slide 33. It was just a bit over a month ago that we
shared our updated fiscal '20 guidance. And as we told you at CAGNY, we were already seeing improving
trends in our categories, giving us confidence in our ability to deliver those updated results. However, as a
result of what I just discussed about Q4 to date, we are now unable to forecast Q4 with specificity, but we
can say that we expect to exceed the full year guidance on all sales, profit and cash flow metrics. Although
this situation remains highly dynamic, we now see upside to the guidance we provided due to the quarter-
to-date surge in consumer demand and the related sales and profit impacts.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

What we don't know is how long the impacts of this pandemic will last. Nor do we know exactly how
consumers will continue to adapt to the situation in the immediate term or in the longer term as we move
into fiscal '21. As Sean mentioned earlier, our portfolio is well positioned to meet this increased consumer
demand, and our team is focused on working with customers to make sure that orders and shipments
remain uninterrupted during this time of need. As long as our strong execution continues and there are no
other material disruptions to our ability to provide products safely to our customers, we expect to exceed
our fiscal '20 guidance across all sales, profit and cash flow metrics.

Thanks for listening, everyone. That concludes my remarks. Sean and I are happy to take questions. Tom
McGough and Darren Serrao are not joining us today as we wanted to minimize the number of speakers
since we are managing this Q&A from different locations this morning.
I'll now pass it back to the operator.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I've got 2 questions, if I could. First, Sean, wanted to dig in just a little bit on your comment around the
potential, maybe over a longer period of time, for some stickiness maybe, given -- in light of the very
significant, unanticipated trial that you and a lot of your peers are getting in relation to the current crisis.
Is there any data maybe that can add a little context around this? I know it's early, but maybe from some
of your panel data that you track around some of the increases in either household penetration that you've
seen, with some of the quality enhancements you've done, particularly in the frozen space, maybe what
some of the repeat rates or -- look like or the ability to gain some of the new trialers that might not have,
let's say, tried this product in the last several years or so? Any perspective there would be really helpful.
And then I've just got a follow-up.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Okay, sure, Andrew. Let me tackle that. The concept you're raising is that because we've got this crisis
situation and people are eating much more at home and not away from home, products like ours are
getting levels of trial that were not anticipated, and that could turn into consistent users over time as that
trial converts to repeat.

I would tell you, that makes sense to me, both intuitively and in terms of the very early data we're
beginning to see. There's been a massive amount of transformation in our categories in the last 5 years.
Frozen, in particular, doesn't even closely resemble the category that it used to be. The quality of the food
is in a completely different place. And we've seen consumers so far who have tried that new food respond
extremely favorably to it, and large established brands that had long been forgotten are growing strongly
again.

Now because of this crisis situation, people are at home. As you know, everybody can see it. They're
stocking up, and they're stocking up with foods of all kinds across all temperature states, including
categories like frozen. So just logically, we know we are getting higher levels of trial here during this
phenomenon.

In terms of data that backs it up, quite frankly, it's just too early to point to a lot of data points. The one
place I can tell you that we do look that tends to be a leading indicator is e-commerce. And in the world
of e-commerce, what we are seeing is that we are reaching a large number of new triers that we had
not reached previously. Now as you think about how that might convert to repeat, you all are probably
accustomed to looking at national average repeat rates. Repeat rates will vary depending upon the users.
So early adopters, super heavy users will have higher repeat than light users. When you get new triers
like this, you tend to be getting lighter users. So it may not be the kind of repeat rates we get from super
heavy users. But the point of all of this is it should help categories like frozen. It should help some of our
other categories that people may have forgotten about, but it's just too early to quantify the impact of
that.

I would also tell you that we do expect, as this thing gets behind us, that we'll see a return to people
eating out. Americans love their restaurants. They love to eat out. And obviously the foodservice space is
hurting badly right now, and so we're rooting for that side of the business to bounce back as well.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

Great. Just a quick follow-up would be on the margin and profitability side, I just want to make sure I
heard it right. It sounds like you've got a number of puts and takes. On the positive side, of course, all of
the increased volume leverage that's coming through from running at very high levels of utilization and
whatnot, maybe some of the -- if there's a reduction in assortment and focusing on the longest run length
SKUs to maximize output and things like that, I would think, would be on the positive side of the ledger.
On the other hand, there are some increased costs, as you've talked about, whether it be for employee
benefits and things like that and just the simple inefficiencies of maybe running at, whatever, 100%
utilization in inside. But it sounded like you may not know the exact magnitude in the way it all comes
together, but the balance of those things, at least of what you're seeing so far, are more to the positive
than the negative. I just want to make sure I kind of heard that right.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Dave, you want to take that one?

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I will. Thank you, Andrew. You summarized it very well. I think, right now, obviously, with the volume
we're seeing in our domestic retail business, you do get benefits there from operating leverage. But fixed
costs are fixed over relevant ranges, we're always taught, right? And the significant volumes resulting
in incremental costs that we're incurring in the form of overtime, higher spot freight rates, expediting
certain supplies and then additional costs. So when you net it all together and you factor in the significant
declines in Foodservice as well, we do expect an increase in gross margin year-on-year for the quarter, but
we didn't want to give specificity around that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Two for me if I can. One, I didn't hear you mention this, but I've been jumping around a little bit,
forgive me. Can you talk a little bit about the shelf resets that were happening in May, what your current
expectations are for those and how they might affect you? And the second one is in terms of your
promotional strategy, can you walk us through a little bit tactically how you can change some things,
whether you want to pull back a little bit? It's been such a big part of how you've driven some growth
recently, I'm just curious how you think about that in this kind of environment.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Ken. Let me try to tackle that. Dave, if I miss anything, by all means, chime in.

The priority right now is producing the maximum amount of food that we could possibly produce. And we
are running our plants 7 days, as you might imagine. To do that, we have pared back on some of our SKUs
so that we can continue to serve the highest-velocity SKUs. So keeping food and stock so we can feed
America is our top priority right now, as it is the priority of our retailers. That has caused us to reprioritize
in terms of SKUs. And in the case of the innovation resets, I would tell you, the word that comes to mind
for me is fluid. We are hearing different things from different customers.

Many customers -- most customers are just trying to keep products on the shelf right now. Some
customers, big ones, have said to us that they want to continue with the shelf set timing. Others had said,
we're going to push that back a bit just so we can ensure that we don't have any complexity in anything
going on at the store shelves that's going to be a distraction from keeping products in stock. So we are
trying to respond to all of our customers' requests so we can do whatever they want.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

In terms of our philosophy on innovation overall, it hasn't changed. It is a central part of the Conagra
Way that we're going to keep building out our innovation pipeline. So it's industry-leading, and we're very
confident we've got that. We're, as you know, from CAGNY, incredibly excited about the innovation slate
that lies ahead. How it flows into the marketplace now will probably be a little bit more customer-by-
customer than all in a tighter window as we previously expected. But I think it will be good news overall
because we'll have the benefit of that innovation and the pipeline fill helping us next year.

With respect to promotional activity, as you know, we've cut more promotions in the last 5 years than
just about any company in food as we pursue value over volume. We have gotten more aggressive in
the last year where we've seen Competition Act irrationally and we needed to defend our market shares,
but that has not been in a broad-based way. What I'd tell you on promotions right now is we're honoring
all the contracts we have in place, but the tactical dynamic is that we're in daily discussions with our
customers on how to help them meet the needs of their shoppers. And many customers are looking to pull
back on promotions as they try to manage the basics of just keeping their shelves stocked. And running
promotions can exacerbate out of stocks, which is clearly not their goal right now. So we're seeing some
cutback on that, and that will just be more of a timing issue than anything else. Anything I missed there,
Ken?

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

No. I know it's -- you used the word fluid to describe the situation. I think that's the understatement of
the day. But thank you for that color, Sean.

Operator

The next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Actually, just a follow-up on that, where the retailers are not doing new shelf resets, what happens
exactly? Are you just keeping some of the more standard items going that are really solutions like the
frozen vegetables and holding on the Gardein Healthy Choice Power Bowls that might have been coming
and that's more of a back-to-school item? Then I have a follow-up.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Well, David, it's customer by customer. So some customers, at this point, are articulating that they will
move ahead as planned. We'll see if that happens. Nobody really knows what tomorrow looks like or next
week looks like. And right now, everybody is literally trying to get as many items of all the foods they sell
in stock. So -- but I -- if what they're saying plays out, I think you're going to see some customers take it
sooner, some customers take it later. And it's not as if those who take it later would be in a deficit position.
If this pandemic does not abate anytime soon, because as we're seeing right up until today, the consumer
pull is remaining extremely strong across the board.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And then just if there are any changes that you're making in terms of your marketing spending or any sort
of reinvestment from this period or that you're -- been planning in the next couple of months, what are
those changes?

And then you mentioned, thanks for those comments on service levels at 90%. How differentiated is that
in some of your key categories? In other words, are key competitors keeping up with you on that?

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

Just in reverse order, I don't really want to comment too much on our competitors, other than to say that
I'm just incredibly proud of the food industry in general. I've spoken to my colleagues. Everybody's rising
to the occasion here to do the thing that matters most, which is keep our consumers fed and keep our
employees healthy. So I would say everybody is operating at the top of their game right now, and I think
we're certainly fully competitive in that regard.

With respect -- David, hit me on the other part of your question?

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

The other part was just simply, what changes are you making in terms of your marketing given that
you're, obviously, in a new world in terms of demand?

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Not a lot other than some of the in-store activities that we would plan in support of new items hitting the
shelf. So you get a new product on shelf. You want to sample it. You want to do some promotions. We'll
sync that up to what's going on at that particular customer. As everybody knows, we've been putting
more emphasis on retailer-level investments, so those are very turnkey. If a product will go into market
later, we'll turn that later. Our base kind of A&P programming remains highly digital, and it also remains
extremely easy to kind of curate. And as you might imagine, with people eating at home now at a level
they haven't done in a long, long time, if ever, we are trying to provide them with cooking ideas and
recipes and things that will help them understand how to use our products at home in a way that their
family finds not only healthy but delicious as well. And digital is -- and social is a perfect place to do that.
It's kind of a utility for our consumers.

Operator

And the next question will come from Steve Strycula with UBS.

Steven A. Strycula
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So Dave, just wanted to touch base on the balance sheet and the debt paydown that you guys had
to date. Impressive so far. But I wanted to understand a little bit how to think about free cash flow
generation as we look forward to address both maturity schedule and liquidity. I think through 9 months,
your slide says you've paid down $641 million of debt, but guidance is greater than $950 million, so you
should be doing $300 million to $400 million of free cash in the fourth quarter ex divestitures. Can you
just help us think through what we should be thinking about to understand the maturity schedule? And
kind of like the numerator and denominator effect of how you get to that 3.5 to 3.6 leverage?

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So as we've consistently said, Steve, our financial policy has been consistent, right? That we are --
we remain committed to solid investment grade credit rating. Since we've closed on Pinnacle, we've paid
down over $1.5 billion in gross debt.

For Q4, we expect to be cash positive at a higher level than we previously anticipated, and that additional
cash flow, we're going to use to pay down debt. So we don't expect we're going to be net cash flow
positive in the fourth quarter at higher-than-expected levels. So as we finish the fiscal year, we'll have our
full $1.6 billion revolving credit line, which will be undrawn, and we don't have any debt maturities in Q4
of this year. So as we look to fiscal '21, we have $1.1 billion in debt maturities for the full fiscal year. Our
August maturities of $127 million, we expect to fund that from cash on hand. Our next maturities of $775
million are in October. And we'll have flexibility to fund that from the higher expected free cash flow from
the business, and we'll just have to see where we land with that given the upside that we're seeing right
now. We can access our revolver or we can refinance in the form of either term loans or investment grade
notes.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

So as we've been doing every day with our advisers, we'll continue to monitor the markets and evaluate
the best structure for Conagra and stay in a position of readiness because, I mean if you look at the
market today, as you know, the bank markets are significantly different than they were 2 weeks ago, and
I expect that they'll be significantly different a month from now. And so we want to constantly look, see
what the markets are saying. But the good news is that we're cash flow positive. We're generating cash.
We're going to use that cash to pay down debt. And we have our full revolver, so I think our liquidity is
very strong.

Steven A. Strycula
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Very helpful. And then a very quick follow-up question to that would be on gross margins. When we met
with you in CAGNY, at the time, you commented on taking an inventory reserve for the fourth quarter, I
have to imagine inventory for all grocery stores, one product right here right now. So is there any chance
that that gets reversed out into the fourth quarter as we think forward? And if I heard you correctly, were
you commenting that the retailer trade investments really becomes de minimis from this point forward and
kind of like a rounding error as we think forward to fiscal '21?

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So you're right. At CAGNY, given the softness in volume, we had expected inventory write-offs. And
in Q3, we actually did experience both inventory write-offs and some negative operating leverage. So that
impacted our Q3 gross margin that we reported.

As we look forward -- I'm sorry, Steve, what was the second part of your question?

Steven A. Strycula
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

It was just the reverse out was part 1 on the accounting pieces that come back in Q4. And the second
piece was just on the retail trade investments, does that become de minimis at this point, or like a
rounding error as you think forward?

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Got it. Yes. Yes. Yes, so as part of our Q4 information we talked about, we expect gross margins to
improve in the fourth quarter based on all these dynamics. And so to the extent that inventory that we
thought may not be sold has now moved through, that will be a benefit as part of Q4. So that would be
reflected.

In terms of the retail or investment, yes, it's really de minimis. So a lot of the slotting and other
investments year-on-year, it's just not as significant, so we're just going to show price/mix in total as
opposed to break that out now.

Operator

And the next question will come from Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Sean and Dave, I would argue that the pantry loading period is probably coming to a close in terms of
consumers loading up their houses. So what are you telling your manufacturing facilities to do for the
next 30 days or 60 days? Are you telling them that the hours still need to be at a highly elevated level
because you want to keep up with -- you want to expect consumer demand to remain at elevated levels
even though shelves are full? How do you communicate to your plants what to make? And how specific
does it get brand by brand?

Sean M. Connolly

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Yes, Rob, we're telling them to make everything they can right now, and to keep themselves safe and
healthy as they do it, and we're helping them to do that. But simply put, until we're on the other side
of this pandemic, sales growth is likely to remain elevated because you've got most of the food away-
from-home volume is moving to food at home. And so we've got, obviously, lots of experience with how
pantries and warehouses get filled by customers and consumers around situations like hurricanes, and
you always see big volumes move into warehouses at the customer level and into pantries and freezers
and refrigerators at the consumer level. But how long the pull remains, in this particular case, is directly
a function of how long does this thing last and how long are people sheltering in place? And I don't think
anybody can predict right now when that is going to end.

Obviously, the latest thinking here is that we will go until a minimum the end of April with people really
spending lots and lots of time at home. And who knows how much further it can extend beyond that.
So the way this works is the initial surge of volume is volume that is going to fill warehouses and to fill
pantries. But with people not eating out away from home, I think a reasonable person could conclude that
they're then in the mode of consuming that volume aggressively. And as they work down those pantry
levels and warehouse levels come down to normal levels, then it just becomes kind of a just-in-time
replenishment as long as the elevated level of consumption remains. So it's just too early to pin this with
any accuracy, but that's kind of the mechanics of how this works.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I totally agree. And if I can ask a follow-up question. Have you tried to dive any deeper into single-serve
entrée demand characteristics versus frozen vegetables? Because my -- what I remember from the last
recession is that single-serve entrées didn't do that great. Consumers were making meals for the whole
family to try to save money, so that probably benefits vegetables in an outsized way. Do you expect that
to happen again? Or is it just too soon?

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Well, in this particular case, I don't think there's any comparator to what we're experiencing right now,
because people are eating at home right now, breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacking, dessert. I mean it's all
being consumed at home. And when you think about all those dayparts and you think about the family
being together, you've got dayparts like dinner, where you're probably going to be leaning on multiserve
products, which is very different from how our normal society's been operating because everybody is
together. But if you think about lunch, it's very much a single-serve occasion because kids have online
classes, moms and dads have video conferences, people are eating individually. So -- and people continue
to snack throughout the day. So I see -- and we see it in the data. We see incredibly high velocities across
multiserve, single-serve snacks. I mean you name it. Right now, it's moving.

Operator

And the next question will be from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great. Super. So first question, probably some would consider it lame, but I'll ask you anyway, because
it's something we'll be going through probably in the next few weeks or a few months, is just in terms
of forecast for us, right, whether you're on the investment side or on the sell side, we have to plug
something into our models for Q4 and think about Q1 and kind of the progression throughout fiscal '21. I
feel like, in general, people haven't been comfortable punching it plus 40% in retail growth expectations
and down 50% on Foodservice. Just to be clear, right, we know what the guidance is now. Obviously, it's a
fluid situation, which is fully understandable that you can't pinpoint how Q4 plays out or even Q1.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

But just in terms of kind of consensus and how we're all used to looking at that as a benchmark, I guess,
first question is just like how do you think we should then be modeling the forecast for your business
in terms of top line? Is it, A, I don't know. Yes, given March is up 40%. Retail consumer, if that were
sustainable, then yes, I would take that piece of the business and say up 40%. And given our guide on
Foodservice, take that down 50%, and then we'll just have to see how that plays out. And maybe that
reverses next year if there's a pantry load, and maybe not. So just -- there's a lot in there, but I just kind
of wanted to hear what do you want us to do in terms of if there is no specificity that can be provided.
Basically, at this point, the guide is almost irrelevant to an extent as is consensus if we don't model it
correctly.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Rob...

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Sean, do you want me to take a shot? Or do you want to go?

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Let me just make one general comment, Dave, and then you could take a shot. But I would just say
that the unenviable task you all have of kind of coming up with consensus is very similar to the unenviable
task we have of things like trying to contemplate fiscal '21 annual operating plan. As you might imagine, if
it's business as usual, it's kind of one set of assumptions. If this thing were to continue, if it were to come
back in the fall, as I read this morning, that's a whole another ball game. So it's an almost impossible
thing to predict. Nobody has a crystal ball, but I think what you guys are going to be looking is a scanner
data. What we look at is the scanner data to understand takeaway, what we look at or our shipment
patterns.

And of course, we follow any -- all the health news on the national news every single day, multiple times a
day. So I think we're in one of these times where we will endeavor to be incredibly transparent with what
we're seeing, what we're thinking, so that we can provide the best perspective we can provide while fully
acknowledging that it's awfully -- it's impossible task to be precise right now. Dave, you want to add to
that?

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. You pretty much hit it. Rob, I would say we feel your pain right on this forecasting. I mean in my
whole career, I've never done daily forecasting where you're going out quarters and years and all these
things. And so the way we approach it is almost a kind of a high, medium, low type scenario of -- and
that's why we laid out what we did today. We wanted to tell you, what do we know right now, what don't
we know. And from there, you could then kind of make some assumptions on sort of different scenarios.
Sean said it. Since quarter-to-date on the retail side of the business, domestic retail, which is 80% of our
business, shipments and consumption are in line.

And so what I would say is consumption could be a good proxy to try to forecast quarter to go in the retail
business since they're in line. There's no guarantee there, right, because you do have ebbs and flows with
shipments versus consumption in a short amount of time. But that, I think, would be a proxy to be able
to at least try to figure out how this is trending as we move forward. But there's no silver bullets here,
unfortunately.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

That's all very helpful and makes complete sense. Okay. And then just quickly, in terms of your shelf-
stable products, I feel like even at CAGNY, the focus here going forward, the strategy is more frozen

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

snacks. Shelf-stable can have a place within the portfolio, but my feel at least is that you might look at
some of those brands more proactively in terms of divestment potential. Now, I don't know, right? I mean
it seems like you highlighted today on the slides, except Hunt's, Chef Boyardee doing incrementally better
before COVID-19 hit. Now there's a pantry load. My feel would be that those areas would actually now do
better maybe than some other areas.

So in terms of the tax asset that you have and kind of entire thought process around divestments and
shelf stable, what have you might. Is it fair to think that, at least for the time being, given everything
that's going on, that you kind of step back from that and say, "Well, let's just see how things settle, keep
the business as is. We'll reevaluate as we kind of get through this a bit more. But yes, we still realize that
we have a tax asset that's expiring at the end of next fiscal year."

David S. Marberger
Executive VP & CFO

Let me take that, Sean. Yes. And then you jump in here. So I did make some comments, Rob, on our
prepared comments. The way that we look at divestitures hasn't changed, right? It all starts with our
strategic rationale and then the financial rationale. And the point I made today was financial rationale
means that the valuation for any potential divested asset must exceed our intrinsic value for the asset.
And given the growth we're seeing in our business, given the sales and cash flow at higher levels than
they've historically been, that factors into kind of how we view those assets. They're generating a lot of
cash for us right now. But my comments were meant to stress that we're going to continue to identify
assets for divestiture, but if the potential price doesn't exceed the value to Conagra that we see the
brands are worth, then we don't feel pressure to move forward.

And so we have our capital loss carryforward. It doesn't expend -- it doesn't expire until the end of fiscal
'21. And so as Sean said earlier, it's fluid, but we wanted to make sure that point was clear.

Sean M. Connolly
President, CEO & Director

Yes, the only thing I would add to that, Rob, just to cover a little bit of a different bit of perspective on
what you call the shelf-stable business. I would call it the staples business. And that's how we talked
about it at CAGNY, is we've got a decent-sized chunk of our portfolio in what we call staples, and these are
products that people rely on. These are our products that drive a lot of foot traffic to our retailers. They're
very important to the retailers. They tend to be high gross margin, good cash flow businesses.

And as I pointed out, at CAGNY, just a small handful of them add up to a big, big chunk of our total staples
sales. And so these businesses are very important to us when they're reliably contributing. And most of
them have been reliably contributing, and they do a lot of good for our portfolio. On occasion, we've seen
competitive activity or other dynamics drive weakness. And our philosophy, historically, has been, look,
if we don't have a line of sight to stabilizing something on the top line and the bottom line, then we've
divested it. And we've always been open to that. What Dave is pointing out is these are just different
times where everything is moving. So it takes any kind of compulsion to want to move and do that and
kind of reduces that because these are contributing a lot to us right now. But in general, the point that I
wanted to make is our staples businesses across the board almost are very strong, valuable businesses
to us. And we'll continue to monitor them to make sure that they are contributing reliably once we get
through this pandemic, and then we'll go from there.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference
back over to Brian Kearney for any closing remarks.

Brian Kearney
Head of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

Great. Thank you. So as a reminder, this call has been recorded and will be archived on the web as
detailed in our press release. The IR team is available for any follow-up discussions anyone may want.
Thank you for your interest in Conagra Brands.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 31, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

