Constellation Brands, Inc. NYSE:STZ
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 01, 2020 3:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.03

2.30

13.30

2.49

8.48

9.47

Revenue  (mm)

1970.54

1963.40

(0.36 %)

2176.50

7809.15

8112.66

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-01-2020 1:05 PM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.62

1.84

1.66

2.03

2.72

2.14

2.06

2.30

3.82 %

16.30 %

24.10 %

13.30 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Garth Hankinson
Executive VP & CFO

Patty Yahn-Urlaub
Vice President of Investor
Relations

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Sean Roberts King
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Unknown Analyst

Vivien Nicole Azer
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

William Bates Chappell
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Constellation Brands First Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions]

I will now turn the call over to Patty Yahn-Urlaub, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go
ahead.

Patty Yahn-Urlaub
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Shannon. Good morning, and welcome to Constellation's First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. I'm
here this morning with Bill Newlands, our CEO; and Garth Hankinson, our CFO.

As a reminder, reconciliations between the most directly comparable GAAP measure and any non-GAAP
financial measures discussed on this call are included in our news release or otherwise available on the
company's website at www.cbrands.com. Please refer to the news release and Constellation's SEC filings
for risk factors which may impact forward-looking statements we make on this call.

Before turning the call over to Bill, similar to prior quarters, I would like to ask that we limit everyone to 1
question per person, which will help us to end our call on time. Thanks in advance, and now here's Bill.

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Patty. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter call, everyone. Before getting into
a discussion of our quarterly results, I'd like to address 2 topics that have become extremely relevant
to our business and our society in large. First, our thoughts and prayers go out to all those who have
been impacted by racial injustice and associated acts of violence in both this most recent time period and
throughout the years. We stand in solidarity with the black community, and our belief that black lives
do, in fact, and have always mattered. We categorically denounce bigotry, racism, social injustice and
acts of senseless violence in all forms. They are clearly inconsistent with our company values and our
commitment to embracing diversity and creating an inclusive environment where all employees feel safe,
respected and valued.

Earlier this week, we announced our commitment to invest $100 million to support African-American black
and minority-owned startups in the beverage alcohol space and related categories over the next 10 years.
These small businesses serve as the fabric of their respective communities. And we must make it more
equitable for them to access the capital needed to have a fighting chance at success. In addition, we've
made a $1 million commitment over 5 years to the Equal Justice Initiative and their efforts to educate
the public about the history of racial injustice in this country and to support their quest for equity in the
criminal justice system.

Furthermore, we have made a commitment within our company to enhance representation and access
to opportunity for black team members at Constellation by strengthening our recruiting, hiring and
development programs. The conditions that have allowed systemic racial injustice to persist have existed
far too long. We all have a role to play in creating a more equitable experience for African-Americans in
this country, and we are committed to doing our part to make this happen.

Switching gears. Our organization has responded and adapted to the challenges of the COVID-19
operating environment in an incredible and agile manner, which is reflected in our results for the first
quarter. I'm especially proud of the efforts of the Constellation team members, of our distributors and
our retail partners who worked together to ensure our customers' needs were met under very challenging
circumstances.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

As I've said before, the health and well-being of our employees is our #1 priority, and we've taken a
number of preventative measures to keep them safe in our operations and out at retail to ensure our
continued ability to meet the needs of the market. We've provided support and relief to our customers and
our channel partners by donating more than $4 million in COVID-19 relief efforts and by donating PPE,
hand sanitizer produced in our own facilities.

Bottom line, I'm extremely proud of the way our team and industry partners have risen to the occasion,
and I remain confident our business and our brands will emerge even stronger on the other side.

Now let's transition to a discussion of our performance in the quarter. As Garth and I run through the
highlights, there are 3 key points I'd like you to take away. Number one, despite various headwinds, we
delivered solid first quarter business performance and strong cash flow generation. We are winning in
sales channels that are open. Beer depletions remain strong and consistent with long-term trends despite
the lost selling day in the quarter and the virtual shutdown of on-premise sales. And our wine and spirit
power brands continued to gain traction.

Number two, the slowdown of our beer production in Mexico due to COVID impacted shipments and net
sales in Q1, and this impact will extend into Q2 as well. We will make up some of that impact in the back
half of the year as our beer production in Mexico has returned to normal levels.

Number three, this short-term disruption to our import beer business does nothing to dampen our long-
term prospects. Consumer demand and takeaway for our brands remains extremely strong, and our
outlook for the year and over the long term remains extremely bright.

Now let's talk more specifically about our performance in the first quarter, starting with our beer business.
Imports continue to be one of the primary growth contributors in the high end and total U.S. beer market,
with Constellation delivering more than 80% of that import growth, driven by the Modelo Especial and
Corona brand families. Solid first quarter depletion trends of 7% adjusted for 1 less selling day were
driven by strong off-premise growth of almost 20% due to the grocery and C-store channels, offset by
a drag from the closure of the on-premise channel, which was down about 75% year-over-year. This is
excellent performance considering that the country really began to feel the impact of COVID-19 pandemic
in earnest in early March, which coincided with the beginning of our fiscal year and our brands over-index
to densely populated states, such as New York and California that have been significantly impacted for a
prolonged period of time.

One of the highlights of the quarter was the successful launch of Corona Hard Seltzer. As expected, the
brand name Corona drove extremely good trial of Corona Hard Seltzer, and the great taste profile is
driving a repeat purchase intent of almost 80%, which exceeded our expectations. Corona Hard Seltzer is
already the #4 hard seltzer brand and recently achieved IRI market share of almost 6% of the U.S. seltzer
market.

Ongoing distribution gains have led to IRI ACV distribution approaching 65 since product launch in March,
with early results for Corona Hard Seltzer incrementality trending at around 90%, also exceeding our
original expectations. We're also seeing high Hispanic penetration rates for the brand versus other hard
seltzers, which we believe will be a key growth driver going forward and a major point of differentiation
within the fast-growing demographic in this country.

We believe the refreshment attributes of seltzer, combined with the halo effect of the Corona brand,
which remains one of the most loved beer brands, provides an opportunity to build one of the strongest
hard seltzer brands in our industry. During the quarter, we kicked off the summer selling season and
gained share during the Memorial Day and Cinco de Mayo holidays. Cinco is a great example of changing
consumer behavior during the pandemic when people enjoyed our great brands in Cinco celebrations
at home. As a result, our Cinco performance increased 2 to 3x what we would normally see in the off-
premise.

Our beer portfolio contributed nearly 20% to total U.S. beer category growth during Cinco and claimed
4 of the top 20 share gaining brands in IRI channels, driven by Modelo Especial as the top share gaining

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

nonseltzer beer brand, Corona Hard Seltzer, Pacifico and Modelo Chelada Limón y Sal. As previously
mentioned, we have returned to normal production levels at our breweries in Mexico.

During the mandated production slowdown in the quarter due to COVID-19, our focus on prioritizing
production of our top-selling SKUs, which represent about 75% of total volume helped minimize disruption
at retail, while supporting our efforts to ensure consumers could find our brands on the shelf and in the
cold box. While supply will continue to be tight on select slower moving SKUs throughout the remainder
of the summer due to continued strong consumer demand for our brands in the off-premise, we expect to
return to normal inventory levels in the third quarter.

Let's now move to quarterly results for our wine and spirits business, which experienced the same market
dynamics as our beer business during the quarter, with strong demand in the off-premise, offset by a
decline in the on-premise of almost 80%. We continue to see staying power of the premiumization trend
with premium price segments continuing to outpace value price segments, further reinforcing our wine and
spirits business strategy. In fact, we saw excellent consumer takeaway trends up over 25% for our Power
Brands in the IRI off-premise channels during the quarter.

Our power brands are winning in the high end and across the majority of price segments in the U.S. wine
category with strong velocity and distribution gains that are outpacing the market. First quarter depletions
for our collection of Power Brands grew 5%, driven by Kim Crawford, Meiomi, SVEDKA, The Prisoner brand
family and Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi.

We continue to invest in additional ways to fuel portfolio growth through innovation, capitalizing on priority
consumer trends with successful product introductions like The Prisoner Unshackled, Ruffino Organic
Prosecco and Robert Mondavi Private Selection Buttery Chardonnay, all of which are performing well in the
marketplace.

As you know, some of our biggest success stories in innovation have come from the spirit barrel aged
category, where we currently enjoy a 40% market share. The newest addition to this portfolio comes
from the Woodbridge family, where we're seeing early success from the Bourbon Barrel-Aged Cabernet
and Red Blend as well as the rum barrel-aged Chardonnay. You should expect to see continuing premium
category-leading innovation from us as we emerge from the COVID environment, including line extensions
for Meiomi in the cabernet space and from The Prisoner brand family with the addition of Cabernet and
Chardonnay varietals.

In the spirits category, you'll see SVEDKA Pure Infusions as well as High West and SVEDKA premixed
cocktails in the RTD space. We continue to invest in capabilities that position our wine and spirits business
for long-term success. As a result of shelter-in-place restrictions and the shutdown of on-premise accounts
due to COVID-19, e-commerce for beverage alcohol has exploded, increasing 3 to 7x in volume versus
prior year, depending on the channel.

Consumer awareness for e-commerce and beverage alcohol has significantly increased and accelerated
change in consumer behaviors by several years. With 2/3 of consumers saying they are planning to
continue their e-commerce habits post-COVID, e-commerce is gaining share through platforms like
Instacart, Drizly and other retailer online sites as consumers seek the convenience of these channels.

In line with this accelerated trend, we acquired Empathy Wines in June. This acquisition fits in nicely
with our broader premiumization strategy and strengthens our position in the direct-to-consumer and 3-
tier eCommerce channel, where we'll utilize Empathy's digitally native platform to reach new as well as
thousands of existing loyal consumers.

In addition, Empathy focused on producing high-quality, sustainably made wines sold direct-to-consumer
from its winery via its e-commerce platform at the $20 price point in 3 variants: white blend, red blend
and Rosé. Launched in 2019, the brand has sold approximately 15,000 cases and acquired more than
2,000 subscription customers.

We are already a leading player in 3-tier eCommerce and have seen growth in this channel of more than
500% in the last 3 months. We plan to leverage this acquisition as an opportunity to strengthen our
position and outpace the market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

As you know, we recently revised the Gallo transaction to exclude our Mission Bell facility as the FTC
wanted to ensure that we had adequate production capability for our J. Roget and Cooks brands, which we
decided to retain once they were excluded from the original transaction.

We're also one step closer to the finish line on this transaction with the signing of separate agreements
to sell Nobilo New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc and Paul Masson Grande Amber Brandy. As you will recall,
last December, we entered into a separate but related agreement with Gallo to divest our Nobilo brand for
$130 million. This fits with Gallo's portfolio strategy and allows them to expand in the New Zealand wine
category without affecting our long-term goals nor our opportunity in this category at the greater than $11
price point.

In addition, we've signed an agreement to sell Paul Masson Grande Amber Brandy to Sazerac for $255
million. As a reminder, last December, we announced that Paul Masson had been excluded from the
original transaction due to FTC concerns, and we indicated that we were pursuing opportunities to divest
this brand at that time. These transactions are subject to final FTC review, and they are expected to close
in the second quarter, concurrent with or closely following the close of the Gallo transaction. All proceeds
will primarily be used to reduce debt.

Finally, we continue to be encouraged by steps David Klein and the Canopy team are taking to position the
company to win in key markets and product categories over the long term. The business continues to work
through its transformational strategy with a leaner approach that will allow Canopy to be more flexible and
adapt more quickly to changes in this dynamic cannabis market. Canopy has seen early success from its
Rec 2.0 products in the Canadian cannabis market, including beverages, which we are very excited about.

The company's Tweed and Houndstooth brand has been one of the most raved about cannabis beverages
in the market with overwhelmingly positive consumer feedback. We believe that beverages and other
Rec 2.0 products will attract new consumers to the market and further drive conversation -- excuse me,
conversion from the illicit market. We continue to believe that Canopy remains best positioned to win long
term in the emerging cannabis space and is well capitalized to face the challenges associated with this
current economic environment.

As I close, let me again reiterate the 3 main takeaways from this quarter. First, despite various headwinds,
we delivered a solid first quarter business performance and strong cash flow generation. We are winning
in the sales channels that are open. Beer depletions remain strong and consistent with our growth outlook
for the future despite the lost selling day in the quarter and the virtual shutdown of on-premise sales. And
our wine and spirits power brands continued to gain traction.

Number two, the slowdown of our beer production in Mexico due to COVID impacted shipments and net
sales in Q1 and this impact will extend into Q2 as well. We will make up some of that impact beginning in
the third quarter as our beer production in Mexico has returned to normal levels.

And number three, this short-term disruption to our import beer business does nothing to dampen our
long-term prospects. Consumer demand and takeaway for our brand remains extremely strong, and I
remain optimistic about our outlook for this year.

With that, I would like to turn the call over to Garth, who will review our financial results for the first
quarter.

Garth Hankinson
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Bill, and hello, everyone. While the start of our fiscal year marked the beginning of a
global pandemic resulting in rapidly changing market conditions, Constellation Brands delivered solid
performance in Q1, driven by our ability to remain agile and prudently navigate through these uncertain
and volatile times.

During Q1, we improved margins in both our beer and wine and spirits segments, delivered solid beer and
wine and spirits power brand depletion volume trends due to strong brand performance despite closures
in the on-premise channel and shelter-in-place guidelines that impacted a majority of the quarter and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

increased operating cash flow and free cash flow by 16% and 24%, respectively. These strong cash flow
results provide us with the financial flexibility needed to continue to focus on debt paydown and liquidity.

During the quarter, we were able to issue debt at very favorable rates and use the proceeds to satisfy
$700 million of debt coming due in November and pay down other near-term maturities.

Now let's review Q1 performance in more detail, where I'll generally focus on comparable basis financial
results. Starting with beer. Net sales declined 6%. Excluding the impact of the Ballast Point divestiture,
organic net sales declined 4% and organic shipment volume down 6%, partially offset by favorable pricing.
Q1 shipment volume was negatively impacted by reduced production levels at our breweries in Mexico as
part of COVID-19 safety measures.

Depletion volume growth for the quarter came in at 5.6%, driven by Modelo Especial and the successful
launch of Corona Hard Seltzer, a strong performance in the off-premise channel more than offset the
impact of the reduction in the on-premise channel due to COVID-19-related shutdowns. When adjusted for
1 less selling day in the quarter, the beer business generated nearly 7% of depletion volume growth, an
impressive result in this operating environment.

The large gap between shipment and depletion volume trends for Q1 was driven by the reduced
production levels for roughly 2/3 of the quarter and robust consumer demand. This resulted in lower-than-
normal distributor inventory on hand at the end of the quarter. I'm happy to report and reiterate that beer
production in Mexico returned to normal levels in June, and we expect distributor inventory levels to return
to more normal levels during the third quarter of our fiscal year as some shipment volume shifts from Q1
and Q2 into Q3.

Beer gross margin of 55.6% was flat to prior year as favorable pricing and the benefit of the Ballast Point
divestiture was offset by increased operational cost, driven primarily by higher material cost and reduced
throughput at our breweries, resulting in unfavorable fixed cost absorption.

Marketing as a percent of net sales decreased 220 basis points to 8.8% as marketing spend decreased due
to the implications of COVID-19, essentially canceling and/or postponing most sporting and sponsorship
events. With most sports programming on hold during Q1 and big events such as the NCAA basketball
tournament canceled, in the short term, we are reallocating marketing dollars to lower cost digital
marketing efforts and TV programming that consumers are engaging with in this current environment.

We are recalibrating our marketing spend and strategy for the remainder of the fiscal year. However,
currently, we still expect to spend in the range of 9.5% to 10% of net sales on a full year basis. As such,
the marketing-related margin benefit in Q1 is mostly related to timing. As a result of the above-mentioned
factors, beer operating margins increased 240 basis points to 41.7%.

Looking ahead to Q2. We expect shipment volume to be negatively impacted as we ramped back to
normal production levels in June. Keep in mind that we expect to see some residual margin compression in
Q2 as the reduced production levels in Q1 and the start of Q2 will create unfavorable fixed cost absorption,
which is expected to continue to work its way through the beer business results during Q2.

Moving to wine and spirits. Power Brand depletion volume accelerated and achieved 5% growth as these
brands continue to win in the higher end and across the majority of price segments in the U.S. wine
category. Overall depletion volume declined 1%, reflecting the impact of the brands to be divested. Net
sales declined 7% on shipment volume down 13%. The decline in net sales was driven by the following:
Lower volume and unfavorable comparison to Q1 prior year due to a very strong quarter last year for the
brands to be divested; on-premise and retail tasting room closures throughout most of the quarter as a
result of COVID-19; and net sales of the Black Velvet brands are not included in this year's Q1 as a result
of its divestiture late last year.

The decline in net sales is an improvement from our Q1 pre-COVID targets we provided for the wine and
spirits business during our last sales and earnings call, driven by the strength of some of our fast-moving
Power Brands such as Kim Crawford, Meiomi and SVEDKA, and an improvement in some of the brands to
be divested such as Black Box and Paul Masson, which saw accelerated and robust consumer takeaway
trends during Q1.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

Excluding the impact of the Black Velvet divestiture, organic net sales declined at 4%, reflecting shipment
volume decline of 9%, partially offset by strong price and mix benefits in the quarter. Operating margin
increased 240 basis points to 28.3% as benefits from price and mix, along with favorable SG&A, were
partially offset by the Black Velvet divestiture and higher COGS.

In Q1, we saw the benefits of shipment volume mix, driven by Meiomi and Kim Crawford and favorable
pricing for Woodbridge and SVEDKA. In addition, we saw lower promotion expense as scheduled incentive
programming activities did not occur due to the current operating environment and COVID-19-related
closures for the on-premise.

While we expect to continue to see positive price and mix benefits the remainder of our fiscal year,
they should temper versus the very strong price and mix results we saw in Q1. Depletion in shipment
volume for our Power Brands is expected to temper in Q2 as we do not plan to replicate some lower
return incentive programs that ran during our Q2 fiscal '20. However, we plan to shift some programming
resources for these brands to the back half of the year to better align with timing for our key selling
season for our wine and spirits business.

In addition, we are assuming a Q2 close for the Gallo and other divestiture transactions, which will
negatively impact the quarter. Therefore, we're expecting a decline of 25% to 30% in reported wine and
spirits sales and operating income for Q2.

Q1 corporate expenses came in at approximately $51 million, up 16% versus last fiscal year. The increase
was primarily driven by unfavorable foreign currency losses and an increase in charitable contributions
primarily driven by COVID-19 support efforts.

Comparable basis interest expense for the quarter decreased approximately 13% to $100 million primarily
due to lower average borrowings. Our comparable basis effective tax rate, excluding Canopy equity
earnings, came in at 19.3% versus 18.6% last year, primarily driven by lower level of stock-based
compensation benefits this year.

Moving to free cash flow, which we define as net cash provided by operating activities less CapEx. We
generated free cash flow of $542 million for the first quarter of fiscal '21. This represents an impressive
24% increase. Cash flow improvements reflect strong operating cash flow and lower CapEx.

CapEx totaled $144 million or 7% below last year's spend. This included approximately $110 million of
beer CapEx, primarily driven by the 5 million hectoliter expansion project at our Obregon brewery. While
COVID-19 safety precautions slowed expansion activities at our Obregon brewery during Q1, construction
activities are ramping back up, and we expect the 5 million hectoliter addition to be completed by the end
of fiscal 2021. Let me remind you that with the completion of the Obregon capacity expansion, we believe
we will have ample capacity at Nava and Obregon to meet consumer needs over the medium term.

Moving to Canopy. In Q1, we recognized a $197 million decrease in the fair value of Canopy investments.
These impacts were excluded from our comparable basis results. The total pretax net gain recognized
since our initial Canopy investment in November of 2017 is $112 million. On May 1, we exercised the
original warrants with Canopy for $174 million and increased our ownership position by approximately 3%
to 38.6%. The warrants were in the money and the amount was manageable from a liquidity and leverage
standpoint. We continue to believe in the long term and substantial opportunity in the emerging cannabis
market, and we remain confident that Canopy is best positioned to win in this space.

As a reminder, the expiration of future and much larger warrant tranches were extended to calendar years
2023 and 2026. We will evaluate the exercise of each of these warrants prior to expiration as we continue
to see how the cannabis industry unfolds in both Canada and the U.S. Furthermore, we do not plan to
make any additional cash contributions to Canopy beyond the potential exercise of these warrants.

Now let's shift the discussion to outlook and guidance. Given the unprecedented COVID-19 events that
began to abruptly and dramatically impact consumers and the marketplace almost concurrently with the
start of our fiscal year, and given the related uncertainty, volatility and fast-moving developments that
have evolved during the first quarter of our fiscal year, we still do not believe it is prudent or appropriate
to provide formal financial guidance for fiscal '21 at this time. However, let me take a moment to reiterate

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

that in a normalized environment, our medium-term growth algorithm remains unchanged for both our
beer and wine and spirits segments.

This is a good spot to discuss our capital allocation strategy. While we remain focused on our goal of
returning $4.5 billion to shareholders, in the short term, given the uncertainty of the current environment,
we will be focusing on maximizing free cash flow and utilizing that free cash to reduce debt and leverage,
creating the flexibility needed to fulfill our $4.5 million (sic) [ billion ] commitment longer term. As a
result, we are moving this goal out to cover the fiscal '20 to '23 time frame and the total cash return in the
form of dividends and share repurchases to approximately $5 billion as we add another year of dividends
into the mix.

In closing, I want to reiterate that our cash generation profile remains strong, our quarterly dividend rate
has been maintained, and we remain focused on actively and prudently navigating through the challenging
environment presented by COVID-19, and we look to provide updates as more factors become known.
With that, Bill and I are happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So I guess, a question on the wine business and maybe just 2 related. One was -- I think you took some
price increases earlier this year on Woodbridge and maybe some other brands. So I just wanted to see
how the market reacted to that. Whether you feel like you were able to successfully get those price
increases through?

And then maybe related, there were some repositioning that you were planning to do in the wine business
this year from a brand positioning and marketing increases. And just want to understand if that's actually
happening, if you can still do that in this current environment.

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Sure. You bet. So we did, in fact, take price increase on Woodbridge. And I must say, one of the things
that has been a benefit of COVID is that -- if there are any, is that consumers have continued to buy tried-
and-true brands, of which Woodbridge is one. And it was certainly helpful that we put our price increase
through concurrently with that. And Woodbridge has actually been outperforming our expectations around
the pricing increase throughout the first quarter. So so far, so good. We're going to continue to watch that,
as you would expect. But so far, that's gone very well.

I would also say that some of the new product introductions that we have put into Woodbridge have
performed, and we're expecting to continue to perform very well. That's a very important brand for us. A
lot of the work that we're doing more broadly around our brands is continuing. We've seen a tremendous
increase in direct-to-consumer and 3-tier eCommerce, which goes very well to strong brands like The
Prisoner and Meiomi and brands of that ilk.

So we're going to continue to put focus on those brands. We think they're very well positioned and
those brands are tried-and-true brands in the mind of the consumer, which at the moment, is where the
consumer is spending their dollars.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs.

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I had a question on out of stocks. It's a key summer holiday this week with the Fourth. So hoping you
guys could share with us how you feel specifically about the holiday and your supply. Also, maybe love
to hear some more color on what you're doing to minimize the disruption for out of stocks. For instance,
I've heard from some of the distributors that you're doing drop loads. So I guess I'm trying to get a sense
from you how flexible you can be on the production side with all of this.

And then maybe finally, can you touch on how big of a drag some of these shortages and maybe any
initiatives you might be taking to minimize the situation? How big of a drag it might be on your margins, if
at all?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

Sure. Let's start with -- our belief is that our operations team is best-in-class. And we are doing everything
we can do at the moment to expedite shipments from our breweries through our distribution facilities and
out through our distributors to consumers. Certainly, because of the reduced production that occurred
during about 70-plus days, mostly in the first quarter, it certainly reduced our ability to ship to normal
levels. But let's keep in mind, the demand for our brands, for Modelo and Corona, have never been
stronger. We were up almost 20% in the off-premise channel during the quarter. And we're seeing
consistent depletion levels as we start Q2 as well. So we are in a very strong position.

Keep also in mind that during the mandated COVID-19 reduction in production, we produced the SKUs
primarily that led to 75% of our sales. So while a consumer may or may not be able to buy a particular
SKU, in all likelihood, we would expect that a person who wants to buy Modelo or Corona and the brand
families associated with those will be able to buy those during the holidays.

Operator

Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC.

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So Bill, I know that, obviously, there's a lot of noise in the numbers. And the question -- I think the top
question most investors have is how long -- or what the growth curve for the beer business will look like
not only next 6 months, but the next 2, 3 years? So I was hoping maybe you can provide some context
on the following 3 points, right? One is number of new households or trial surge that you've seen and
repeat rates on those new trials that you've seen since this whole pandemic started. The second point
would be, I understand the out-of-stock situation you were able to actually provide products and maybe
some packages weren't found, but I'm sure that out of stocks did cost you some sales. So I'm just curious,
maybe you can help provide some context on how much the business would have grown on depletions had
there been no issue in out of stocks at all.

And then the third point is, obviously, retailers are thinking -- rethinking how they think about the shelf,
something you guys have been doing for the last 2 to 3 years now. And so how you think this environment
might shape or accelerate some of your shopper-first initiatives and more spacing for your brands in retail
longer term?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So let's take it in reverse order. Relative to the shelf, obviously, the one thing that's occurred during
this particular time frame is some of the resets that would normally occur have been pushed back as many
retailers are focusing their attention on throughput from their existing shelf sets. We think that as they
come into the fall season and do fall resets, that this will continue to increase the probability of shopper
first. Because I think it's become more and more clear that brands that have strong demand behind them,
and ours are 2 great examples with the Modelo and Corona franchises, are demanding more space, and
they're demanding more space because the takeout is there against them.

It's kind of difficult to give you a specific example about what we could have grown because you had so
many different factors involved in the quarter. Our quarter, of course, started almost concurrent with the
pandemic, which was a little different than if you were on a calendar quarter, admittedly. But when you
look at the fact that on-premise was effectively closed, but off-premise was up almost 20%, you've got a
lot of different dynamics in play there.

As I said earlier, we sincerely believe that the consumer wanting to buy our brands will be able to buy
Corona and Modelo. And certainly, the start of Corona Hard Seltzer has also been a real success. We have
already shipped in excess of 3 million cases of Corona Hard Seltzer. And as I said in my prepared remarks,
the takeaway and repeat has been exceptional.

So one of the things we are seeing relative to your first question in terms of consumer purchasing, about
30-some-odd percent of consumers are actually increasing their consumption of those brands that they

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

are traditionally using. And given the strong representation of our brands, Corona, Modelo, in particular,
it's not surprising that you've seen an increase in the takeout demand during this time frame. It goes back
to what I said earlier about tried-and-true brands. The same would apply to many of our wine and spirits
brands as well. But certainly, the consumer's interest in buying brands in which they have a lot of faith and
comfort is working to our advantage.

Operator

Our next question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen.

Vivien Nicole Azer
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Garth, I was wondering -- thanks for the color in terms of the marketing spend outlook. I was wondering
if you could offer any color on how you're thinking about phasing that and whether we might expect
something different as you kind of lean into a post-COVID recovery perhaps.

And then a quick follow-up. Bill, I really appreciate your comments at the top of the call, and I'm curious
whether you guys are assessing any change to your social media advertising spend.

Garth Hankinson
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Vivien, thanks for the question. As it relates to marketing spend and the phasing of that, I'd say it's
still too early to tell exactly what that will be, as we sort of come out of COVID-19, and we don't know
exactly when some of these sponsorships and sporting events might get rescheduled. So other than we
still believe that we're going to spend in that 9.5% to 10% of net sales for the full year, the phasing is still
a little bit up in the air.

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

So Viv, relative to social media, there's obviously been a lot of discussion around social media. I would
say -- and let me reiterate what I said earlier. We think it's very important to protect users from
misinformation and hate speech. Those things run directly counter to our commitment to social justice and
to racial equality. We have decided that we are going to do a comprehensive review of our social media
work. And along with that, for the month of July, we are pausing our Facebook engagement until we are
able to do a thorough review and to make sure that all of our social media efforts match up with what I
just said, which is the commitment to social justice and racial equality.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore.

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Great. Just one point of clarification and then my question. Just can you just break out the price/mix in
the quarter and maybe separate out headline pricing from promos? And then my main question really is
unbelievable growth, right, in the seltzer category? You're now in the mix, big time with Corona seltzer,
which I think you said is 90% incremental. What have you learned about the category now year-to-date?
And how big do you think it can be as a percentage of overall beer sales? And what is your latest thought
in terms of incrementality to the entire beer category at this point?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

So relative to those 2 or 3 questions in there, we continue to have our long-term algorithm, particularly as
it relates to beer, of expecting the price will grow 1% to 2% annually. We've done that consistently over
time, and we expect that, that algorithm is going to continue.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

Relative to seltzer, earlier this year, we said we thought the category, which was roughly 60 million cases
last year, could double and probably triple in the long run. If anything, that's starting to look conservative.
The consumer certainly enjoys the refreshment characteristics of this particular category. And I think our
introduction of Corona Hard Seltzer is a great example of leveraging a tremendously strong brand into a
new category.

I think it would be important to not simply lump seltzer in with beer. Given the incrementality that
we've seen at roughly 90%, which again, is more than we, frankly, expected, suggest to us that it is
not necessarily a direct trade-off with beer. And I think that it has category dynamics that are free and
understanding of the run. So our view is that this continues to have a lot of longevity, and we are certainly
planning to be a critical part of it. As you know, we've already gotten to #4 in the category with a roughly
6% share. And as you also know, we're just warming up.

Operator

Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I was hoping you guys could give us a little bit of help on the gross margin bridge this quarter, particularly
in beer, then curious across those businesses. I know you mentioned that you'll see some of that going
into Q2, the lower production volumes. But I think maybe just a little bit of visibility on the drivers of gross
margin this quarter and thinking about how that developed into Q2 would obviously be very helpful?

Garth Hankinson
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So gross margins for beer, we had some drags there as it relates to materials and to fixed overhead
absorption. That drag was offset by the Ballast Point divestiture as well as by pricing. Going forward
into Q2, we expect that there will be further downward margin pressure as it relates to fixed overhead
absorption as we work through the inventory or the slowdown that we had in Q1 at the very beginning of
Q2.

At gross margin, we were flattish in gross margin in beer. That resulted in about 240 basis points of
improvement at the operating line because of primarily the timing of the marketing spend that we talked
about earlier.

Operator

Our next question comes from Sean King with UBS.

Sean Roberts King
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I apologize if I missed this. But did you provide any update on Mexicali and I guess, the potential options
you're exploring there?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

We continue to be in discussions with the Mexican government about what our long-range plans are for
Mexico. As you know and as we've stated, based on the expansions that we already have in play, our
medium term is already set. We believe there's going to be plenty of opportunity. We've spent more than
30 years working very well with the Mexican governments, both local and federally. And we expect that to
continue, and we expect to have a strong long-range solution for our continuing supply for the long run.
So I don't have anything new to report on Mexicali, other than to say, we fully expect to be able to service
our needs for the long run.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So first, just a clarification. You mentioned depletion levels in Q2 in beer so far consistent with Q1. Is that
versus the reported 5.6% depletion result? Or is that more 7% on a days adjusted basis?

And then just on Corona Hard Seltzer. With the strong repeat rates you mentioned, can you give us a
sense for what share level you think that brand can ultimately reach within the hard seltzer category? And
also what distribution level would be reasonable to expect that brand to get to?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Let's start with the hard seltzer question. We already are seeing ACV distribution and IRI channels
of approximately 65, which is very strong, especially given the fact that, as I said earlier, many retailers
are not doing the resets that they had planned for the earlier part of this year. It remains to be seen what
our long-term scenario looks like. We're already about 6%. As you know, we've only introduced so far in
variety pack. We would expect to extend beyond just variety pack later this year and into the following
years. So we're very optimistic that we're going to have an important part of the seltzer category and
certainly would expect to be in the top 3 overall within that category going forward.

Operator

Next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Congrats on the strong quarter. Just to follow-up on the last question. Bill, I'm not sure there's clarity on
where depletions were running for Q2, if it was closer to 7% on a selling day adjusted basis. So some
clarity there, I think, would be helpful for folks.

And then more broadly, maybe you can just comment on the biggest variables impacting your decision
to withhold guidance and the context being particularly strong start to the year, it sounds like June is off
to a good start. Bill, you commented the portfolio has never been stronger. We're seeing that in really
strong Nielsen data. Production is ramping at breweries. You've had the strong start to the second quarter.
Commodity is still relatively benign, enough confidence to deploy some cash for a small wine deal, kind of
putting this all together. And then in addition, the company is obviously very adeptly managing through
this very sharp and unprecedented channel shift. So with all of that said, comment on the biggest swing
factors here that leave the company a little bit reluctant to provide guidance at this point.

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Thank you. I might quote some of you. Some of those things that you just said, that was quite
nice. And first of all, I need to apologize to Dara. I did not answer the same question a minute ago, and
I apologize for that. Relative to depletions, our view is, is that the second quarter, specifically starting in
June, is looking fairly consistent with what the nonadjusted amount would be. And if the takeout continues
to be strong, all you have to do is look at IRI and Nielsen every week, and you see that the takeout is
strong.

Look, here's the issue around guidance. If anybody would have said in February that we would have gone
through what we just went through over the course of a quarter, you wouldn't have believed us. And while
-- excuse me, on-premise was off 75% in the first quarter, a little more actually in wine and spirits. You
started to see some openings, which saw a decrease to an off sort of 40% plus for a brief period of time.
Now we're turning around and we're seeing closures, again, in Arizona, in Texas and Florida. So it is very
difficult in this particular environment to be able to predict. What we are anxiously looking for, and I would
suggest that all of you would want to look for is, how are brands performing given there are going to be

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

spits and spurts in the marketplace. And our brands continue to perform extremely well. There's going to
be a lot of volatility this year, and ability to predict is very challenging admittedly. But I think those brands
that are tried and true, that have strong consumer pull-in demand, as I stated earlier, we are seeing a
significant portion of our existing consumer base buying more than they had done historically. That speaks
to strong brands.

And I think that when we are through this pandemic scenario that has been very hard to predict, we
believe we will be right back on our longer-term beer sales trends of 7% to 9% growth, which is what I'm
sure many of you are interested in. And certainly, every -- all signs point to the fact that our long-term
algorithm is unchanged.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I have a question and a clarification. On the question, can you give us an idea of the cadence of the beer
depletions for the quarter, especially [ as you exited ] May and now in June. I think you -- Bill, you said
kind of the 5% to 6% would be the nonadjusted number for June. But I was wondering what happened
in the previous quarters. And then that situation in June is probably because you went out and the stock-
outs that you mentioned before.

And if you can give us an idea of the 75% decline in terms of the cadence that you had. I'm assuming that
would be much worse in May than it was in the beginning of the quarter, that will be helpful.

And the clarification on the wine guidance for the second quarter. You said sales and EBIT down -- Garth
had said down 25% on a year-over-year basis. Is that an organic number or you incorporate some of the
impact of the divestitures closing during the quarter?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So I'll take the second part.

Garth Hankinson
Executive VP & CFO

I'll take the wine [ experience one first ]. So the down 25% to 30% really does take into account largely
the wine divestiture. We didn't expect -- since we're now anticipating or expecting to close that in our Q2,
we're not expecting to ship much of the divested brands during our Q2.

And then furthermore, we are expecting on our Power Brands to have depletions slightly down as we don't
replicate some promotional and shipping activity that really was nonproductive.

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

And going back to your question about how we think about the month. I think your question is a perfect
example of why we have not given guidance because it is very, very difficult to predict. I mean in the
beginning of March, on-premise looked fairly normal. By the time we got to the end of the quarter, the
first quarter, it was off 75%. I mean as good as Garth is in predicting, he couldn't have predicted that
answer. So -- and now we are seeing some marketplaces going back to closure or to significantly reduce
volume in restaurant and pub scenarios.

So it is just very challenging for us to put an exact number on how it's going to flow. If you could tell me
how the pandemic would play out, we could give you a much better answer. But as we see, on almost
daily basis on the news, it's impossible to predict exactly what the pandemic is going to do, which is why
we continue to go back to the scenario that says we have extremely strong brands, and our brands are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

outperforming in the marketplace and in the channels that are open to us, and that's how we will continue
to judge our success.

Operator

Next question comes from Bill Chappell with SunTrust.

William Bates Chappell
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Just a follow up on the marketing spend. I'm trying to understand how you're looking at it. As you
said, some events like the NCAA tournament have been canceled. There could be a case where you're
advertising at the World Series and the NBA Championship at the same time. So how do you look at the
spend for the back half of the year, especially around sports spending when a lot of it's going to concur?
And it seems like it would be very duplicative to advertise all over the place.

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Well, you're right. It's more challenging than it would usually be. And as Garth pointed out in his remarks,
the first quarter was a great example as there weren't a lot of live events and many of the things on which
we normally advertise, like using the NBA as an example, just didn't exist. So we are going to be focused
in real-time on where we can implement our marketing spend.

What I think is most important overall, as Garth noted, we still expect to spend between 9% and 10% on
our marketing of our brands. When you look at historical results of companies that continue to spend in
recessions, and admittedly, we're in one, or we're about to be in one, those companies that continued to
support their brands came out the back end even stronger. We believe in that, and we're going to continue
to spend. As you point out, that will mean some real-time adjustments as we go because admittedly, it's
been very tough to predict what will, in fact, occur and when it will occur as you're seeing with things like
the baseball schedule, which has moved all over the place in terms of number of games and how they're
actually going to exercise those. Same is true in basketball, same is true in many of the live activity.

So the reality is we will be doing this in real time. But it doesn't change our intent, which is we are going
to spend against our brands to make sure they are top of mind in the consumer's view.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Actually, I want to pick up on that train of thought in terms of just an update on how you're assessing any
implications of recessionary economic conditions on your categories and brands. I mean, so far, as you
highlighted, the premiumization trends have continued and nicely so, but do you see any risk coming -- of
that coming under pressure, even if temporary, whether in beer or wine and spirits? And just what are you
watching most closely to keep tabs on that as conditions develop?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Certainly. As you would expect, we watch things like unemployment rates. We are overdeveloped, as you
know, with the Hispanic community. And the unemployment rates in the Hispanic community have been
significantly higher than the average unemployment rate in the marketplace today, although all of it's in
double digits. So that's something that we watch very carefully.

Again, at the same point, the brand awareness, brand loyalty of our brands within those communities are
very strong. But we watch those things very, very carefully. Certainly, one of the other things that you see
-- and I think it's been exacerbated in the pandemic because of people sheltering, as people look for those
small moments of joy in their lives, and fortunately, our brands can often offer those to people.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

So we think that the strength of our brands, in conjunction with people engaging more at home than they
would naturally and normally do, will be important to the continued success of our business, albeit, we're
watching a lot of those characteristics like unemployment very carefully.

Operator

Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

So I'd like to come back to the wine divestiture to Gallo. It looks like, I mean, the $250 million earnout
is based on volume depletion performance in fiscal year '20 and '21 versus fiscal year '19. And if I read
it correctly, in depletion orders between minus 10% for the payment to minus 2% for 100% payments.
So could you please tell us, as we're kind of almost in the middle of it, the current volume depletion
performance of the portfolio brands you're planning to divest to Gallo?

Garth Hankinson
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks for the question. And what I would tell you is that the earn-out portion of that transaction
is really based on the 24 months after we closed the transaction. So we'll measure how those brands
are performing at the end of year 1, and then again, at the end of year 2. Those brands have benefited
recently by what Bill has described is the change in consumer behavior or the shift in consumer behavior
toward these tried-and-true brands or back to tried-and-true brands.

And so some of the brands that we're divesting to Gallo has actually recovered quite nicely and that
portfolio of brands is performing much better than it was a year ago at this time. So we feel is that, as we
transition that portfolio of brands to Gallo, that they're in a very good position and they're in good state of
health that we've got a very good chance of getting into that or not in a meaningful way.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of [indiscernible] with MKM Partners.

Unknown Analyst

And then you'll have to forgive me, I'm still a bit confused. Did you say June beer shipments are roughly
minus 7%? Or are you saying June is down a bit more than minus 7% and July and August will help make
up for it to get the total quarter beer shipments to minus 7%?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

We didn't comment on shipments at all. We talked about depletions. As we've said, we have ramped up
our production during June to normal levels, which will allow us as subsequent quarters. My personal
suggestion would be that many of you think about the first quarter and the second and the third as --
in combination. Because as our production has ramped up, you will see some continuing stress on the
shipment side of our business during Q2, but -- and then we would expect depletes to outperform ships
during the quarter with a lot of that flipping as you go to the latter part of the year. Again, it still goes
back to our long-range algorithm around beer being up 7% to 9% is very consistent. We expect that in the
long run. And we feel this short-term pandemic blip as being just that, a blip in our long-term success.

Operator

Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Bill
Newlands for closing remarks.

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

Great. Thank you. Thanks, everybody, for joining our call today. Despite the challenges and an extremely
volatile environment that we're concurrent with the start of our fiscal year, we delivered solid performance
and strong cash flow generation during Q1, which provides us with great momentum as we head into our
key summer selling season.

Let me reiterate that the short-term production disruption to our import beer business that we
experienced during Q1 does not hinder our long-term outlook as consumer demand and takeaway for our
brands remains extremely robust in the channels that remain open. And we remain optimistic about our
outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year.

In closing, I'd like to wish everyone a happy Fourth of July, and hope that your celebrations with your
family and friends includes our fantastic beers, our wines and our spirit products. Thanks, again,
everyone. And please have a healthy and safe summer season.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

