Constellation Brands, Inc. NYSE:STZ
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, April 03, 2020 3:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.66

2.06

24.10

2.14

8.81

9.12

3.52

8.56

1836.05

1902.90

3.64

1928.99

8271.38

8343.50

0.87

7595.38

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-03-2020 1:56 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.06

2.62

1.84

1.66

2.21

2.72

2.14

2.06

7.28 %

3.82 %

16.30 %

24.10 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Garth Hankinson
Executive VP & CFO

Patty Yahn-Urlaub
Vice President of Investor
Relations

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Nik Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Sean Roberts King
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Vivien Nicole Azer
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

William Bates Chappell
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

William Joseph Kirk
MKM Partners LLC, Research
Division

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Constellation Brands Q4 Full Year FY '20 Earnings Conference call. [Operator Instructions]
I will now turn the call over to Patty Yahn-Urlaub, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go
ahead.

Patty Yahn-Urlaub
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Josh. Good morning, and welcome to Constellation's Year-End Fiscal 2020 Conference Call.
I'm here this morning with Bill Newlands, our CEO; and Garth Hankinson, our CFO. As a reminder,
reconciliations between the most directly comparable GAAP measure and any non-GAAP financial
measures discussed on this call are included in our news release or otherwise available on the company's
website at www.cbrands.com. Please refer to the news release and Constellation's SEC filings for risk
factors which may impact forward-looking statements we make on this call.

Before turning the call over to Bill, similar to what we've done in prior quarters, I would like to ask that we
limit everyone to one question per person, which will help us to end our call on time. Thanks in advance,
and now here's Bill.

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Patty. And let me add my welcome as well. Let me quickly frame up the key themes you're
going to hear from Garth and me today. First, we delivered strong performance in fiscal '20, led by our
beer business, which generated double-digit operating income for the year, with accelerating IRI trends
as Q4 progressed, and that momentum has continued in the early stages of fiscal '21. We have ample
brewing capacity to continue fueling the growth of our beer business in the medium term, and we're
working with local authorities and government officials in Mexico to ensure we have ample long-term
capacity as our business continues to grow and evolve.

Second, our high-end power brands and successful new product launches fueled performance in fiscal
'20 that drove accelerating depletion trends in Q4 for our Wine & Spirits business as our premiumization
strategy continues to take hold. And third, our strong performance and financial discipline generated
record cash flow, reduced our outstanding debt and build solid momentum heading into fiscal '21. We'll
talk in more detail about each of these areas, but before we go any further, I would like to take a minute
to address current circumstances related to the COVID-19 outbreak. First and foremost, our thoughts
and prayers go out to those affected by this terrible virus and to the first responders and health care
professionals working to help those in need. We sincerely hope the increased efforts to more fully contain
this virus gain strong traction soon. With this in mind, we operate with a customer-focused mindset, a
genuine concern for people and a desire to make a positive difference in our communities that is core to
our DNA, even more important today as our industry and communities face substantial hardships.

As such, Constellation, along with a number of our brands, has committed more than $2.5 million toward
COVID-19 relief efforts that will directly benefit our business partners and communities now and through
their recovery. Specifically, we are supporting the National Restaurant Association Educational Foundation
Restaurant Employee Relief Fund, the U.S. Bartenders Guild and first responders who continue to support
those in need in communities across the U.S.

I'm also extremely proud of the Constellation team for their continued efforts to meet the needs of
consumers and to help keep the economy going while also keeping our people safe. The health and well-
being of our employees is our #1 priority, and we've taken a number of preventative measures and
provided a number of protections to keep our employees safe in our operations and out at retail and to
ensure our continued ability to meet the needs of the market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

Our production facilities in the U.S., Mexico, Italy and New Zealand are operational, and our distributors
are up and running. Our teams are also working hard to ensure our distributor and retail partners have
ample supply of our products to meet consumer demand, particularly in the off-premise, which has seen
accelerated growth as many restaurants and bars have suspended dine-in services to help mitigate spread
of the virus. The off-premise channel represents 85% to 90% of depletion volume for both our beer and
our Wine & Spirits businesses and over-indexes to the rest of the beverage alcohol industry in the U.S.
versus the on-premise channel. These trends are reflected in recent IRI data ending 3/22, which shows
accelerating consumer takeaway trends in off-premise channels. Specifically, we've seen IRI dollar sales
growth for our beer business increase to 24% in the 4-week period ending 3/22 versus 12-week and 52-
week trends of 17% and 12%, respectively.

For our Wine & Spirits power brands, we're also seeing accelerating growth of 23% in the latest 4-week
period versus 12- and 52-week trends of 7% and 4%. During this time, we are focused on the channels
the consumer is choosing, namely 3-tier e-commerce, direct-to-consumer and the off-premise, especially
big-box grocery, mass and club channels, where we are working diligently to ensure high-end stock
positions for our key SKUs.

We've also adjusted our marketing approach to ensure our consumer messaging is in tune with current
realities and by shifting our focus to digital and social media platforms as sporting events and other
major gatherings are suspended. Bottom line, we are well positioned to continue meeting the needs of
consumers as well as our retailer and distributor partners. We will continue to manage our business with
focus and discipline while remaining flexible and are willing to adapt as needed to shifting consumer
behaviors. And I remain extremely optimistic about the long-term prospects for our business.

Now let's get back to those themes that I highlighted at the top of the call. As mentioned, our beer
business once again delivered exceptional results in fiscal '20 and continues to be the leader in the high
end and a cornerstone of growth in the U.S. beer industry. Imports continued to be one of the primary
growth drivers in the high end and the total beer category, with Constellation driving 100% of the growth
in this segment. The primary drivers of our beer portfolio growth continued to be our Modelo and Corona
brand families. The trio of brands that comprise the Casa Modelo brand family includes Modelo Especial,
Modelo Negra and Modelo Chelada and is one of the biggest forces in beer, delivering more than 20 million
cases of growth to the U.S. beer category last year. Modelo Especial led the way as the top non-seltzer
share-gaining beer brand in the U.S. beer industry, achieving depletion growth of more than 16%, an
acceleration over the previous year's trend of 12%.

Modelo Especial is now the #4 beer brand overall in the U.S. beer market and the best-selling beer in
major markets like Chicago as well as the states of Nevada and California, where sales of the brand are
greater than the 2 biggest premium domestic light brands combined. We plan to invest at record levels
this year for Modelo to reach more consumers and to increase the brand's appeal among total market
consumers. We'll accomplish this through innovation, investment in Spanish language media and targeted
programming. And we'll extend the brand through new pack sizes, such as our 7-ounce Modelito, a
popular format, particularly in C-stores; innovation with new product offerings, like Modelo Chelada Mango
y Chile; and we're testing new spirits, barrel-aged offerings on a smaller scale that remain true to the
essence of the Modelo brand and align with consumers' desire for more flavor. I'm talking about Modelo
Reserva, which is a golden, sessionable, refreshing lager with a 5.5% ABV that will be available in test
markets in tequila and bourbon barrel-aged options.

Modelo's strength with Hispanic consumers continues to fuel the growth of this brand. And with more than
1 million Hispanics reaching legal drinking age each year, combined with our continued efforts to broaden
our appeal with general market consumers, we believe we're only scratching the surface of where this
brand can go.

Our flagship Corona brand remains the #1 imported brand family in the U.S., selling just shy of
150 million cases in fiscal '20. In fiscal '21, we'll embark on a comprehensive master brand restage
for the Corona brand family that drives a more cohesive look and greater consistency in marketing
communications across sub-brands as well as new heritage and experiential programs designed to
strengthen the bonds consumers already have with Corona. We're also excited to launch a new cause

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

marketing program focused on protecting our beaches through our partnership with Oceanic Global,
a leader in ocean conservation. We believe this program will further deepen the emotional connection
Corona consumers have with the brand.

Corona Extra is the seventh largest brand in the U.S. beer category and remains the #1 brand in New
York City, Miami, D.C. and is the top 3 brand in 8 other major U.S. markets. Brand equity for Corona Extra
remains extremely strong, and sales have accelerated in IRI, with 4-week and 12-week trends outpacing
their corresponding 52-week trends. We remain bullish on Corona Extra's future potential, knowing that
there are several large DMAs, that based on high per capita income, are right for Corona Extra growth.

In only its second year as a national brand, Corona Premier grew depletions nearly 19% in fiscal '20 to
10 million cases and became the #5 growth brand in the U.S. beer category, with distribution continuing
to grow double digits. In just 2 years, Corona Premier has achieved an ACV of almost 75, which is similar
to some brands that have been around for decades. This brand is perfectly positioned to capitalize on the
macro trends of betterment and premiumization as consumers trade up from domestic lights, and we have
plans in place to continue building traction for this brand, including winning with Hispanic consumers who
comprise about 30% of its consumer base.

In fiscal '20, Corona Refresca became a 3 million-case brand in its first year, with a variety pack becoming
the #5 top-selling new beer in IRI. This now gives Corona an ownable play in the ABA space, delivering
tropical flavors to a range of consumers. To capitalize on the success of Refresca, we will be extending the
brand into the high-ABV, FMB space this fall, with the launch of Corona Refresca Mas 24-ounce cans with
8% ABV in tropical berry and mango citrus flavors.

We are very excited about this year's Corona Hard Seltzer launch, which is off to a strong start and has
already achieved an ACV approaching 50 in its first month of national launch. As we said before, the
hard seltzer category continues to grow at a break-net clip, and we believe it's here to stay. As an aside,
our recent venture investment in PRESS seltzer provides a wonderful complement, with a unique value
proposition and price point as we believe the hard seltzer segment will price-stratify over time.

Our Pacifico brand grew depletions more than 13% in fiscal '20, which represents an acceleration over
the previous year. Pacifico is the #7 beer overall in California, where it continues to grow double digits.
In fiscal '21, our plans will focus on continuing to win in California while further expanding awareness
and trial in key DMAs across the country. This includes a 40% increase in digital marketing investment,
including our first national YouTube buy, a new sponsorship with the L.A. Chargers and continued
partnerships with the Summer and Winter X Games, which will help us to do just that.

In addition to our continued focus on accelerating growth for our core beer franchises, we're also
leveraging innovation and domestic production capabilities to launch new-to-world brands that allow us to
compete in growing sectors of the high end. Our recent launch of Two Lane, in partnership with country
music star, Luke Bryan, is a great example. This beer plays in the domestic high-end sessionable space
and delivers on the refreshing taste consumers want with only 99 calories, 3 grams of carbs and 4.2%
ABV. In fiscal '21, Two Lane will be available in select markets in the southeast.

In support of our efforts to build brands consumers love, our commercial team continues to work with our
3-tier partners to ensure we deliver world-class execution at retail. This includes increasing adoption of
shopper-first shelf principles by making it easier for consumers to shop by organizing shelf flow in ways
that help maximize growth and profitability and by meeting consumers where they are going by allocating
space based on future growth opportunities and ensuring highly incremental packages with high velocity
are represented with adequate holding power. We currently have 6,000 retailers that have implemented
shopper-first shelf principles. And those who have embraced this program have seen solid increases in
overall growth and profitability for their category. As you can see, we believe fiscal '21 holds great promise
for our beer business, with a healthy core master brand innovations and emerging brands poised to grow.

From an operational perspective, we continue to make strategic investments in our beer business to
ensure we have the capacity, quality, control and flexibility to support the continued growth of our
business in the medium term based on our forecast. The capacity we've built in Nava plus Obregon when
completed at the end of this year will enable us to provide more than 400 million cases of beer, which is

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

ample supply for several years to come. We also completed construction of furnace #5 at our Glass Plant
adjacent to our Nava brewery, which now supplies 60% of the glass needs for that brewery, resulting in
significant logistics savings.

Earlier this week, I met with Mexican President, López Obrador, and his team in Mexico to discuss our
brewery construction project in Mexicali. Our discussions were constructive and surfaced several options
for consideration. We will continue to work with local authorities and government officials in Mexico to
reach an optimal solution for our business. We've had a positive, mutually beneficial relationship with
Mexico for more than 30 years, and we fully expect this to continue.

Some of you have asked about our operations. Let me just say that we are being exceedingly careful to
protect our people and to maintain ultimate safety. With that said, over the past several weeks, we've
taken steps to build ample product supply across our warehouse and distributor network in the U.S. We
have close to 70 days in the system. And we've shifted resources to accelerate production of high-volume
SKUs for key off-premise accounts. Our facilities are currently operating, and we remain confident in
our ability to continue meeting the needs of U.S. consumers and do not expect any near-term service
disruption to retailers.

Shifting now. Our Wine & Spirits premiumization strategy continues to show promise as our business
closed out fiscal '20 in a position of strength, posting accelerating power brand depletion growth and
operating margin improvement in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter power brands' family depletion growth
accelerated to more than 4%, led by double-digit growth for Kim Crawford, Meiomi and the Prisoner brand
family as this collection of brands continued to outpace the total U.S. wine market. Operating margin
expansion was driven by our focus on more efficient price promotions with our mainstream power brands
as well as market share gains in the higher end of our portfolio, with Meiomi and the Prisoner family
contributing strong mix trends.

Innovation continues to fuel growth as we capitalized on innovation trends in consumer-driven growth
segments. Our introduction last quarter of Unshackled by the Prisoner wine company has been extremely
well-received. We further capitalized on barrel-aged wine trends with the introduction of new offerings
from both Woodbridge and Cooper & Thief. Since launching our first barrel-aged wine series a little more
than 2 years ago, we have sold well over 2 million cases, and that number continues to climb. In response
to the consumer-led trend around convenience, we launched Kim Crawford wine in a can. And our Crafters
Union brand remains the #1 growth driver in the can wine segment.

We're also excited about the recent launches of SVEDKA botanical flavors and Ruffino organic Prosecco,
which align with consumer trends for flavor, betterment and sustainability. Bottom line for fiscal '20,
our Wine & Spirits transformation focused on premiumization continues to gain traction. Our higher-end
power brands are driving mix and margin expansion. Our mainstream power brands are outgrowing the
competition. And our innovation initiatives are fueling growth through velocity and distribution gains.
Heading into fiscal '21, we are committed to investments in bold innovations, compelling marketing
campaigns and immersive brand experiences, with a specific focus on top markets and accounts in priority
DMAs.

We'll continue building momentum by further leaning into our premiumization strategy and maximizing
growth opportunities for our power brands through compelling marketing campaigns for Woodbridge,
Kim Crawford, Meiomi, SVEDKA and the Prisoner. We're instituting greater pricing discipline, consistent
with strategies that have proven very successful in building strong brands in other parts of our beverage
portfolio. And we'll continue to leverage the power of existing brands with strong equity. We remain
committed to mix and margin-accretive innovation and growing sectors of the Wine & Spirits categories
that align with consumer trends. We have a strong innovation pipeline planned for the coming year,
including upcoming line extensions for Ruffino and SVEDKA Vodka in the RTD space, the launch of a new
High West pre-mix cocktail in the spirit space and the expansion of our highly successful barrel-aged wine
program. You can also expect us to introduce new-to-world brands in the wine category. In addition, we
plan to leverage the success of shopper-first shelf initiative developed by our beer business by adapting
and implementing this program for Wine & Spirits retailers in fiscal '21. We recently took pricing on our
Woodbridge brand beginning March 1, and to date, we have seen no negative impact from this action

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

due to the consumer need to stick with tried and true brands in this time of uncertainty. We are actively
supporting this price increase with marketing investments, including national TV, as well as digital and
social advertising.

We are in the final phase of completing the revised Gallo deal, and we continue to work with the FTC
primarily on the brands that have been excluded from the original deal. We have communicated our intent
to retain the Cook's and J. Roget brands, and the FTC is currently reviewing our business plans to support
these brands in the future. In addition, the FTC is vetting the potential buyers we have identified for Paul
Masson Grande Amber Brandy and our concentrate business. We continue to work, in collaboration with
Gallo, to satisfy all FTC obligations, and both companies are fully committed to getting this deal done.
With each step, we are marching closer to the finish line, and we expect to close the deal around the end
of our first quarter.

Finally, we're very encouraged by the steps David Klein is taking in his new role as CEO of Canopy Growth.
David and the Canopy team recently announced they are focused on 4 key areas: improving Canopy's
connection with consumers; instilling greater focus and discipline across the organization; defining
a visible path for profitability and positive cash flow; and building the company's credibility with key
stakeholders. Canopy continues to be the global leader in total cannabis sales, with a leading market
share in Canada. The company recently took steps to rightsize its business to better align with consumer
demand and position the company for long-term success. Canopy just launched its first cannabis beverage
product, Tweed Houndstooth & Soda, which has received an overwhelmingly positive consumer response,
and they plan to roll out additional beverage products over the last few months. And I can tell you, they
are awfully good. These are game changers.

They also have completed their first shipments of cannabis-infused edible chocolates and JUJU Power
510 batteries in December of 2019. We expect further revenue growth as products like vape, edibles and
beverages gain traction in the marketplace now that Rec. 2.0 products have been legalized in Canada.
Canopy remains best positioned to win long-term and to face challenges associated with this current
economic environment as many competitors without access to capital show signs of trouble.

In closing, we reached the conclusion of an excellent year in fiscal '20. Our path to these impressive
results was paved with great execution and consumer obsession in growing our core business, supported
by investments, to enhance our portfolio and our operations. We are now facing an increasingly
challenging operating environment and rapidly changing market conditions. As you can see from our press
release, we are not providing formal guidance. However, we've provided the targets that are included
in our original fiscal '21 plan prior to the COVID-19 crisis. My goal in doing this is to reiterate that our
strategy remains unchanged and to provide the confidence we have in the growth prospects for our core
business as I continue to feel very optimistic about our long-term opportunities.

When we look at the beverage alcohol category, we are generally a recession-resistant industry. In
previous recessions and downturns, the TBA industry has generally been noncyclical and only minimally
affected. Bottom line, we manage our business for the long term, making tough but necessary decisions to
adapt to consumer trends while always looking forward to deliver what's next. We will continue to quickly
adapt to rapidly evolving market dynamics, which is the continuation of who we've always been.

Now with that, I would like to turn the call over to Garth, who will review our financial results for fiscal '20
and our financial focus for '21. Garth?

Garth Hankinson
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Bill, and hello, everyone. Fiscal '20 marked another great year for Constellation Brands.
We produced strong beer operating performance and cash flow results, while our Wine & Spirits power
brand strategy continued to gain momentum as marketplace performance for these brands outpaced the
overall U.S. wine and spirits category for fiscal '20. Specifically, in fiscal '20, we grew comparable basis
diluted EPS, excluding Canopy equity earnings, by 6%. In addition, we generated record operating cash
flow of almost $2.6 billion and record free cash flow of $1.8 billion. We also reduced debt by more than

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

$1.4 billion and came within our target leverage range. And we returned over $600 million of cash to
shareholders in dividends and share repurchases.

Before going into further detail on fiscal '20 results, I want to take a moment to discuss the rapidly
changing market conditions due to the impact of COVID-19. To echo Bill, while the COVID-19 outbreak
and situation is unprecedented and creates a lot of uncertainty and volatility, one thing remains clear,
we will continue to be agile in the marketplace and actively manage and responsibly navigate our way
through this crisis. Constellation is a strong cash flow generator, has ample liquidity, financial flexibility
and significant capacity under our $2 billion revolving credit facility. Additionally, we remain committed
to maintaining our investment-grade credit rating, which allows for flexible access to capital markets at
more favorable rates. Furthermore, as Bill mentioned, we continue to work in collaboration with Gallo to
satisfy all FTC obligations, and both companies remain fully committed to finalizing this transaction. As
such, upon close of the Gallo transaction, we expect to receive approximately $850 million in cash, which
we plan to use for debt paydown to further advance and progress -- to further advance the progress we've
made to reduce our leverage and maintain it within our targeted range.

More on fiscal '21 in a minute as I want to continue to expand on the fiscal '20 financial performance we
delivered before the COVID-19 impacts began to unfold, where I'll generally focus on comparable basis
financial results.

Starting with beer. Net sales increased 8% primarily due to shipment volume growth of 6% and favorable
pricing. Depletion volume growth for the year came in at 7.5%, while depletion volume growth for our
import portfolio grew 8%. As expected, depletion volume growth was higher than shipment volume growth
primarily due to the FY '19 year-end shipment timing benefit that reversed during our fiscal '20, most
of which occurred in Q4. Beer gross margin increased 120 basis points to 55.6% driven by favorability
in pricing and FX. Our operational cost and efficiency initiatives helps offset the impact of inflation on
costs such as materials, labor and freight. Marketing as a percent of net sales increased 70 basis points to
10% primarily driven by increased investment for the Modelo and Corona brand families and in support of
our innovation activities, including Corona Hard Seltzer, which came in at the higher end of our previous
guiding range.

As a result of the above-mentioned factors, we achieved record full year operating margin of 40%, an
improvement of 70 basis points.

Moving to Wine. Net sales declined 6% on shipment volumes, down approximately 8%. Full year net sales
results outperformed our previous expectations primarily due to stronger mix benefits from our power
brands in Q4 driven by The Prisoner Unshackled and Meiomi. Depletion volume declined 5%, while power
brand depletions were up 2%. We remain confident that our premiumization strategy is working as power
brand trends accelerated as we finished fiscal '20.

Operating margin decreased 50 basis points to 26% as mix benefits and favorable SG&A were more than
offset by higher COGS primarily reflecting increased grape cost and an increase in marketing as a percent
of net sales driven by our premiumization and innovation activities. Corporate expenses came in slightly
better than our previous guidance, finishing at $224 million, up approximately 13% versus last fiscal year.
The increase was primarily driven by an increase in insurance costs, higher incentive compensation and a
ramp-up in IT spend to support our SAP S/4HANA implementations. Those increases were partially offset
by a reduction in consulting costs.

Comparable basis interest expense for the year increased 11% to $429 million. This primarily reflects
additional interest expense related to the funding of our incremental investment in Canopy growth in
November 2018, partially offset by our debt paydown during fiscal '20. Our comparable basis effective tax
rate, excluding Canopy equity earnings, came in at 16.1% versus 18.2% last year. This improvement was
driven by lower effective rates from our foreign businesses, partially offset by a lower level of stock-based
compensation benefits. While stock-based compensation benefits were lower on a full year basis, the
benefit came in higher than expected during Q4, which drove the tax rate favorability versus our previous
guidance.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

Now let's review Q4 results. Beer net sales increased 9% primarily due to shipment volume growth of
7% and favorable pricing. Depletion volume growth for our import portfolio showed continued strength,
growing over 11%. When including an unfavorable impact from Ballast Point, total beer depletions were up
10.8%, including the benefit of an additional selling day in Q4. Beer operating margin decreased 120 basis
points to 39.3% as increased marketing and SG&A spend was partially offset by benefits from pricing and
COGS. Marketing as a percent of net sales was 8.7% or 230 basis points higher than Q4 last year driven
by marketing investments and spend timing. Wine & Spirits net sales were up 1% for Q4, while shipment
volume was down approximately 1%. As stated earlier, power brands continued to drive mix benefits.
Operating margin increased 120 basis points to 28.9% primarily due to mix benefits and lower marketing
and SG&A spend.

Moving to fiscal '20 free cash flow, which we define as net cash provided by operating activities less
CapEx, we generated a record $1.8 billion compared to $1.4 billion last year. This represents an
impressive 34% increase. Free cash flow improvement reflects strong operating cash flow and lower
CapEx in the beer segment. CapEx totaled $727 million or 18% below last year's spend and in line
with our most recent guidance. This included approximately $520 million of CapEx for our Mexico beer
operations expansion. Furthermore, through fiscal '20, we've cumulatively spent approximately $700
million in capital related to our Mexicali expansion project.

Moving to our full year fiscal '21 P&L and cash flow targets. Given the unprecedented COVID-19 events
that began to abruptly and dramatically impact consumers in the marketplace almost concurrently with
the start of our fiscal year and given the related uncertainty, volatility and fast-moving developments
that have evolved over the month of March, we do not believe it is prudent or appropriate to provide
formal financial guidance for fiscal '21 at this time. With that being said, we thought it would be helpful
to highlight some of our key financial targets assuming a normalized environment for fiscal '21 prior
to COVID-19 as reference as you think through your modeling and scenario work given the changing
marketplace dynamics.

For pre-COVID-19 fiscal '21, the beer business targeted net sales growth of 7% to 8%, which includes
1% to 2% of pricing within our Mexican portfolio. Including the impact of the Ballast Point divestiture,
organic net sales growth is 8% to 10%. Operating margin in the 39.5% to 40% range as investments for
the Corona Hard Seltzer launch as well as inflation headwinds primarily related to glass, raw materials,
transportation and labor costs in Mexico are expected to be greater than the benefits from product pricing
and productivity initiatives.

Moving to Wine & Spirits. For pre-COVID-19 fiscal '21, the Wine & Spirits business targeted net sales
and operating income decline of approximately 30% to 35%. This assumes the revised Wine & Spirits
divestiture transaction with Gallo and the separate divestitures of Paul Masson Grande Amber Brandy and
the concentrate business close around the end of Q1 fiscal '21, while the separate but related agreement
to divest the Nobilo Wine brand to Gallo closes by the end of Q2 fiscal '21. Lastly, the plan to retain the
Cook's and J. Roget sparkling wine brands is also included in our pre-COVID-19 target for fiscal '21.

Our pre-COVID-19 expectation for Q1 Wine & Spirits results assumed a decline of 25% to 30% in sales
and operating income due to the following factors: unfavorable Q1 FY '21 comparison due to a very strong
quarter last year for the brands to be divested; sales of the Black Velvet brands are not included in this
year's Q1 result as a result of the divestiture late last year; and distributors have ample supply of brands
targeted for the Gallo divestiture as they assumed a fiscal '20 year-end close on the transaction.

Our retained portfolio of power brands in the Wine & Spirits business, including Cook's and J. Roget,
targeted net sales growth of 2% to 4% on a pre-COVID-19 basis for fiscal '21. Other pre-COVID-19
target assumptions include: interest expense in the range of $385 million to $395 million; comparable
tax rate, excluding Canopy equity and earnings, of approximately 18%; weighted average diluted shares
outstanding targeted at approximately $195 million; and operating cash flow in the range of $2.3 billion to
$2.5 billion.

This is a good spot to discuss a few items around capital management and deployment. As you would
expect, we are reviewing in detail all expenses and capital expenditure plans for refinement and flexibility
to make sure we prioritize and optimize this spend given the current business conditions and economic

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

environment. While our Wine & Spirits EBIT is moving down in fiscal '21 due to the planned divestitures,
we are maintaining our current quarterly dividend rate. In addition, we remain focused on our goal of
returning significant capital to shareholders, balanced between dividend payments and share repurchases.
However, in the short term, given the uncertainty around the COVID-19 impact on our business, we will be
maximizing free cash flow and utilizing that free cash flow to reduce debt and leverage. We believe longer
term, we retain the full flexibility to fulfill our $4.5 billion commitment over time.
In closing, I want to reiterate that Constellation is a strong cash flow generator, has ample liquidity and
financial flexibility. We remain focused on prudently navigating through the challenging environment
presented by COVID-19, and we'll look to provide updates, including full year guidance, as more factors
become known. With that, Bill and I are happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs.

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

So I wanted to get some clarification on the Mexican government's decision which determined that alcohol
is nonessential. And I just wanted to make sure I understand what you're sharing with us today that, if
I heard you correctly, you are not suspending your production, but what I'm hearing is a lot of the other
brewers are suspending. So I just wanted to make sure I heard you correctly. And then curious to hear
how you see this situation evolving and maybe what your contingency plans are. You did share with us
some of the, I think, finished inventory that you have on hand to meet the U.S. demand. But I just kind of
wanted to understand where you're at with that specific situation.

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So as we stand today, we are currently operating. We also have, as I noted in my script, roughly 70
days through the system at either -- and that does not include at retail, that is purely that we have or our
distributors have. So we are fairly confident that we will see no disruption at retail from our operations,
and we'll be able to meet consumer demand as it continues.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Crédit Suisse.

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Bill, I think you mentioned that you're working through a series of options on what's going to happen with
Mexicali. Like obviously, we don't know which of those options you'll take. But could you at least give some
insight on what your options are from this stage?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

We're not prepared to go through what the exact options are. What I would say is this, we had a very
productive meeting with the President and his team. I think there is a mutual agreement that we have
been a strong player in Mexico for 30-plus years and that, that strong relationship is going to continue and
that we will have solutions for the long term to make sure that we are able to meet the strong consumer
demand that we continue to have for our brands. So while I'm not prepared to talk about the specificity
of that, we are very comfortable that our discussions will yield strong medium- and long-term benefits for
our business.

Operator

Our next question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen.

Vivien Nicole Azer
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I was just hoping to go to the on-premise, off-premise mix still very helpful in terms of contextualizing the
revenue mix. But Garth, I was wondering whether you could offer any insight into the margin differential
given the presence of kegs in the on-premise. And then as a follow-up to that, is it possible for you guys
to move cans and bottles that are no longer being sold in the on-premise into the off-premise with your
distributors?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

Garth Hankinson
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks for the question, Vivien. So to your first question, the margin differential, there's no margin
differential for us between on- and off-premise because that goes through -- that all goes through
distributors. So same margin for us. As it relates to the question as can we move product out of the on-
premise to the off-premise...

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

And let me touch on that, Vivien. In many instances, distributors will pick up and redistribute supply
where necessary or where a particular channel like on-premise has effectively closed in many markets.
So yes, that, in fact, often does occur. Obviously, there's some format differences in terms of what people
use in particular channels. But yes, it does occur. Just to reiterate a piece of your question as well, we
are multiple points across both beer, wine and spirits, less reliant in on-premise than the industry overall.
So our business has been skewed historically and still is to the off-premise channel, which in an instance
like this is very valuable. But that's not to say, as you've heard, that we haven't recognized the many
challenges that our friends in the on-premise are having at the moment. And we, as a company, and many
of us as individuals have made significant contributions to help those who are in need at the moment and
who have run into very challenging times for those who are in the on-premise.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Garth, maybe just 2 quick modeling ones for you. One, in terms of the on/off-premise split for spirits and
-- Wine & Spirits and beer, could you give us a sense in the fiscal '21 plan that was unaffected by COVID,
what was the growth expectation in those 2 channels? So what were you expecting for home versus
growth at home? And then second, if you could give us a sense within both segments of just fixed and
variable costs as we kind of want to run through sensitivity to be able to get a rough sense of fixed and
variable costs.

Garth Hankinson
Executive VP & CFO

Now Bryan, would you mind repeating the first part of that question around the margins? I just -- I didn't
quite catch that.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So the second part is just trying to get an understanding of what is fixed versus variable costs within both
the beer and Wine & Spirits segments.

Garth Hankinson
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Okay. So the fixed versus variable cost is, for both businesses, is they skew highly towards variable,
call it somewhere in the neighborhood of 2/3 variable and 1/3 fixed, maybe a little bit higher in some
cases. On the beer side, the variable costs really are around freight and packaging. And in Wine, it's grape
cost and packaging. Then I believe your -- the first part of your question was around the on-premise
versus off-premise growth rates. And for on-premise growth rates, we were modeling in flat, and for off-
premise, it was mid-single digits.

Operator

Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

Nik Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Bill, just a question on retail. I mean we are hearing that resets are being pushed back -- spring resets are
being pushed back. And I just wanted to get an understanding of impacting you guys because, obviously,
there's a lot of new products coming in the marketplace. Corona Seltzer has gotten into the market, but
not at full distribution. So if you could just give us some of the puts and takes in terms of how that's
going. Are you getting just more space as your A-level SKUs and replace of some of the new products that
were going to come out in the market? Any thoughts around that would be helpful.

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Sure. You bet. We're seeing -- first of all, obviously, there was -- and particularly in March, there was a
lot of heavy-up pantry-loading, people buying particularly those brands where they had a lot of comfort.
And of course, many, many of our brands across beer, Wine & Spirits all fit into that. So that was obviously
very helpful. Keeping in mind, Nik, the seltzer, much like Refresca did, goes into a different space. And
seltzer has obviously been a very hot category. You see a lot of that product on the floor with us and with
competitors as well. So -- and we've already -- in just the first month, our team and our distributors have
done an outstanding job of getting the product out in the market. We've almost achieved 50% ACV in the
first month, which is, again, record speed.

So we think as time goes forward, you're going to continue to see core SKUs, critical SKUs being very
important. And in fact, we have made some adjustments in our production footprint to make sure that
those core SKUs are fully available throughout the supply chain because that's something that we think
will occur in the near-term until consumers spend more time in stores. We've also seen a very rapid uptick
in things like 3-tier e-commerce, click and collect. Our company had its single biggest, in Wine, had our
single biggest direct-to-consumer week we've ever had last week as consumers, again, found alternate
ways to continue to buy our products.

So I think just to summarize that, you're going to continue to see critical SKUs being stronger distribution
positions. But we've been very pleased with our distributors' ability to continue to get critical new
products. Remember, most of the new things that we're doing this year are master brand extensions.
So they are consistent and part of strong brand families. That, particularly at a time like this, I think, is
important because the consumer often, during recession- or recessionary-type behavior, seeks out those
core brands that they have a lot of personal comfort with. And again, our brands, fortunately, are part of
that set.

Operator

Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So I wanted to ask more of a longer-term question. In past cycles, we've seen some trade-down occur in
the beer category in a recessionary environment, including back in 2008, 2009. Can you just spend some
time discussing how your product portfolio might be more or less at risk from a macro slowdown versus
past cycles on a theoretical basis, sort of ex the COVID situation, you're at a much higher share level
today, your brand mix has changed over time? So I just was curious for your perspective on the degree of
trade-down risk or macro sensitivity maybe versus what we've seen in the past cycles?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And I joked with Garth earlier today. I guess if you're old enough, you've been through a couple of
these cycles, so I have. What we expect to see is this. Brands are even more important at a time like this
because many people are seeing the opportunity, and our category is one of those, for simple pleasures
in life. Let's face it, the more people are sheltering in place, the more that they look for those small

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

pleasures in life. And our category is one of those that addresses that. But you often see even stronger
brand behavior that occurs during this time. So let's take our Woodbridge wine brand example. We have
seen significant pickup in the month of March for that brand because, as I said in my script, it's a tried-
and-true brand. People know it. They appreciate the quality for the price/value relationship that exists
there. And we've seen quite a bit of an uptick against that brand.

We've seen the same thing with Kim Crawford and Meiomi and The Prisoner, brands that the consumer
appreciates and likes. Similarly in beer, when you have a brand like Modelo, that's the #4 brand now in the
entire U.S. beer business, you've got a brand that has a great deal of trust and you're seeing the trends
that support that. Fortunately, Modelo and Corona are 2 of the most trusted brands in the consumers'
mind, and therefore, we feel very comfortable that we will actually get a disproportionate amount of
benefit that occurs when people go to the more tried-and-true brands. That's what we saw in 2008. That's
what we saw in the previous recession before that, that those tried-and-true brands end up winning. And
we think our brands are well positioned across beer, wine and spirits to take advantage of that. There's a
little less experimentation during a recession environment. And that's why those core brands, like ours,
will do very well.

Operator

Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

My question was just continuing on the -- going back to the conversation about Mexico production. If we
do, in fact, get to a place where you need to curtail production, even though that you've had no disruption
to the retail and to sell-through, how should we think about the margins, right? So if you shut down
the plant for a month, we think you get a good amount of pressure on margin, but does that even out
when you ramp back up as you come out of this? So just kind of thinking about a very, very short-term
question, but just trying to understand how we should think about that impact on profitability.

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Well, again, I'm going to repeat myself, but I hope you'll bear with me on it. We continue to operate in
Mexico. And as long as that is a consistent statement, and we expect that it will be, we wouldn't expect
that there would be any significant issues around our margin structure. Obviously, a lot of things factor
into that, not the least of which is the peso and various other things that occur during times like this. But
I think the best way to think about it is we have 70-plus days in the pipeline for our beer business, and we
expect to have no disruption in our ability to produce product and deliver it to retail.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Bill, I wanted to pick up on the on-premise, off-premise dynamic. I know this is a difficult question to
answer, and I can appreciate that you don't want to give guidance, but maybe even qualitatively, I think
what a lot of investors are kind of wrestling with is how much of the unprecedented weakness in the on-
premise channel is potentially going to be captured in the off-premise. And we've seen big pantry-loading
at this point, but really hard to make conclusions on what's going on in terms of how quickly consumers
are going to -- will destock their pantries. So any comments you have potentially on how much of the on-
premise weakness will potentially be offset by the off-premise?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

Sure. You bet. Admittedly, this is somewhat unprecedented. So I think we need to all be careful with
specificity of answers because in the other recessionary periods, while you saw decreases in the on-
premise, you didn't have shutdown in the on-premise. So it is a little different. With that said, channel
shift is not unusual during recessionary times. And you're obviously seeing that now, in part because the
on-premise is, in many markets, is largely closed. What -- again, if you are in the 85% to 90% range for
us in the off-premise to start with, the need to see some increase in channel shift is less significant than it
is for someone who is more weighted to the on-premise.

Let's take March as an example. And admittedly, there was some pantry-loading that occurred during
that month. It more than made up -- the off-premise more than made up for the on-premise loss that
occurred during that time frame. It was an excellent month. But we're always reticent to be -- to project
that forward because you don't know what the consumption profile will be. I'll repeat what I said a minute
ago because I think it's a very true comment. People look for small pleasures in their life when you are in
situations of recession. Multiply that by the fact that most of us are now sheltering at home. Those small
pleasures -- our business is one of those small pleasures. And I think that will be advantageous for our
business going forward.

Garth Hankinson
Executive VP & CFO

As long as we're on the on- and off-premise question, let me just go back to clarify Bryan's question
around the growth rates related to on- versus off-premise. Bryan, I gave you a bit of an incomplete
answer. So what I gave you is 0 on-premise growth and mid-single digits. That was really for Wine &
Spirits as you think about their total sales being in that 2% to 4% range. On beer, total sales, we're
targeting to be 8% to 10% on an organic basis. So the on-premise would be in the sort of low to mid-
single digits and off-premise would be the remainder.

Operator

Our next question comes from Rob Ottenstein with Evercore.

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about how you may be adjusting your marketing spend
and what sort of flexibility you have on your contracts. Obviously, you do a lot with ESPN. A lot of sports,
UFC and a lot of these events just aren't going to happen. So is there maybe some kind of breakout that
you can give us in terms of what is fixed for this year or let's say, the calendar year, next 12 months, and
what areas you can possibly save or redirect?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

Sure. It's -- this is also, as you would expect, a bit of a moving answer. Some things you've seen have
been postponed. Therefore, we are not -- while we may not spend it in the first quarter, we might well
spend it when the events do occur, assuming they do. What we have done is that we have adjusted -- Jim
Sabia and his team, in both Wine & Spirits and in beer, have done a fair amount to move to more digital
and social media efforts, which is actually good. That's very consistent with where the consumer is going
anyway. So we do have quite a bit of flexibility to move things around. When you have cancellations, let's
take the NCAAs. That is a cancellation. So choices are then made as to whether or not we reproportion
that type of spend that we have into other formats or we don't. Those decisions are ongoing. It would
be difficult to give you a definitive answer at this point in time around that. We will try to do that going
forward as we more thoroughly understand what is canceled versus what is delayed. Until we have a
better handle on that, it would be very difficult. But suffice it to say, one of the traits that we have seen
with our marketing group is to be very nimble, and they are being very nimble, adjusting on the fly to
more digital and social environments from things where we can't do live sports, as you know.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

As a follow-up on the comments about the production in Mexico, in your discussions, Bill, with the Mexican
government, in order to stay open, could you prove that your production facilities are safe enough to
remain operational through the end of April? And then as a follow-up to the margin commentary, how
much of your Mexico business denominated costs are hedged at this point in light of the devaluation of the
Mexican peso?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

So Garth, I'll take the first half of that. Let me just tell you some of the things we've done. And we've
done this in Wine & Spirits as well as beer, and I think it's important. As I said, our employees are our #1
priority. We are testing for temperature as people enter our facilities. We are keeping social distancing in
our facilities to make sure that people are safe. We have changed how we run shifts in our plant to make
sure there are not an overlap of shifts in case there are any issues that occur with people's health. So we
are doing everything humanly possible to make sure that we continue to operate in a safe and effective
manner within all of our operating facilities. The same is true of that in New Zealand and Italy as well. So
first and foremost, we are taking great care to make sure we are operating correctly.

I think that will likely be respected by the government of Mexico. They have obvious concerns for their
entire economy as our country has great concerns for our economy to make sure that people are being
protected. And I think the kind of steps that we are taking to make sure that we are protecting our people,
we believe, is best-in-class. We are keeping track of everything possible to ensure the safety of our
employees, and that effort will continue. Garth, do you want to touch on the second piece?

Garth Hankinson
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, on the hedging piece. So as it relates to both commodities and on currency, we're current -- for the
current fiscal year, fiscal '21, we are hedged on both fronts in excess of 80%. We are using this period of
time though as we see some movements on commodities and in currency to layer in additional hedges for
the next couple of years. So we could see some further benefits in coming fiscal years.

Operator

Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

So 2 follow-up questions, actually. One, you said you will focus on the core brands going forward, I mean,
and that makes sense. I would like to understand if Corona Seltzer is considered as a core brand and
being -- will be one of your focus points for the next 2 months. That's one question. And the second one,
I'm sorry to come back on this manufacturing in Mexico, but this morning, again, I mean, one of your
competitors said that on Sunday, April 5, Grupo Modelo, will suspend beer production and distribution
operations. So as you've got 70 days of inventory, and obviously, you want to be kind of a goodwill with
the Mexican government on the Mexicali brewery subset, so why -- I mean there is something I don't
understand. Why are you -- have you decided to go against some of the government decision in that
specific subset?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

So let's tackle your first question, which is Seltzer. Certainly, our Corona brand family, since we
approached 150 million cases of product in fiscal '20, is one of the critical things and critical brands that
we have within our portfolio. The Seltzer, as you know, is one of the fastest-growing subsegments within

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

the alcohol beverage business as well. Therefore, the combination of the great Corona branding plus
the hot category of seltzer is a wonderful combination, and we're expecting that that's going to be an
important part of our success story for fiscal '21.

I do need to be very clear with you. We are not doing anything against what the government of Mexico is
suggesting. We certainly -- our company is known for respect, being respectful of the laws and approaches
of any company, of any country in which we operate, and that certainly will continue. I have no comment
regarding a competitor and what they are choosing to do or not choosing to do. I personally would
suggest you ask them. What I would say is, today, currently, we are operating, and we will continue to do
what's appropriate under the restrictions that apply or don't apply in any company and in any country in
which we operate.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bill Kirk with MKM Partners.

William Joseph Kirk
MKM Partners LLC, Research Division

So on the 70 days of inventory in the system, how much of that is in Mexico? But I guess, it will show up
in the 10-K, but how much of it is in Mexico? And how much of that is actually allowed to leave Mexico and
into the United States? Is that allowed to come over the border right now?

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

So to answer your question, the vast majority of that answer is in the United States between either the
inventory at our distributors or in our DCs. So the vast majority of it, I would say, in excess of 80% of
that's already in the United States.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bill Chappell with SunTrust.

William Bates Chappell
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

I just want to go back to Mexicali, and I understand you can't talk about where it goes from here. But can
you maybe give us an update on how much money has been put into it? And then any kind of color on
how you've got this far down the path and we got to this stage?

Garth Hankinson
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So I'll take the first part of that. To date, we have spent approximately $700 million in CapEx in
Mexicali.

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

So what I would say is that there are a lot of decisions that have been made as time has gone on. As you
know, there have been changes in government during the time that this facility has been started. What
I would say is this. We've been operating in Mexico for 30 years. It has been a tremendous partnership
with the people of Mexico and with the government of Mexico and with the local states within Mexico. We
remain extremely confident in our long-term ability to meet the consumer needs in the United States for
the critical brands of Modelo, Corona, Pacifico and other related brands. So I don't feel that it does anyone
any good to micromanage the approach to the situation. What I would say is we're going to have a very
solid solution for our long-term prospects, and we certainly appreciate the government's engagement with
us on that topic.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

Our next question comes from Sean King with UBS.

Sean Roberts King
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I got a wine sale question. Is it safe to say that the escalating COVID-related work stoppages and
disruptions could have an impact on the, I guess, achievability of the new timing? Or was that already
baked into your new outlook?

Garth Hankinson
Executive VP & CFO

So thank you for the question. Now we think that the COVID situation is baked into the current time
line. That being said, I don't know how much more disruption COVID-19 could have in terms of the
government's ability to work. But I can tell you right now that the FTC continues to be actively engaged in
our conversations and in the review of this process, and we've factored all of that into the time line that
we provided.

Operator

I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Bill
Newlands for any further remarks.

William A. Newlands
President, CEO & Director

I would just like to thank everyone for joining our call today, particularly in these challenging times.
I believe we've done an excellent job of building vital momentum in fiscal '20 as we head into what
admittedly will be a volatile start to our new fiscal year. Through our strategic initiatives and priorities,
we are positioning Constellation for sustained long-term success, and we'll continue to quickly adapt to
the rapidly changing market dynamics as we navigate through fiscal '21. As the environment evolves and
more factors become known over the next few months, we hope to be able to provide much more clarity
on the prospects for our business for the year in which we are in.

I would like to thank you all again for joining the call, and I hope you and your loved ones remain healthy
and safe during this unprecedented time. Thank you.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 03, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

