Copart, Inc. NasdaqGS:CPRT
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 19, 2020 4:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.70

0.79

Revenue  (mm)

575.34

592.94

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-17-2020 4:55 PM GMT

12.86

3.06

0.74

2.93

3.29

617.32

2426.68

2650.96

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.66

0.63

0.38

0.70

0.65

0.58

0.69

0.79

(1.52 %)

(7.94 %)

81.58 %

12.86 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
COPART, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 19, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

A. Jayson Adair
CEO & Director

Jeffrey Liaw
President

John F. North
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Craig R. Kennison
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Robert James Labick
CJS Securities, Inc.

Ryan J. Brinkman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Stephanie Benjamin
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

COPART, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 19, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Copart, Inc. First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. Just a
reminder, today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to
turn the call over to Mr. John North, Chief Financial Officer of Copart Inc. Please go ahead, sir.

John F. North
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, and good morning. During today's call, we'll discuss certain non-GAAP measures, which include
adjustments to reverse the effect of certain discrete income tax items, foreign currency-related gains,
certain income tax benefits and payroll tax related to accounting for stock option exercises and the
effect on common equivalent shares from ASU 2016-09. We provided a reconciliation of these non-GAAP
financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures on our website under the Investor
Relations link and in our press release issued yesterday. We believe these non-GAAP measures, together
with our corresponding GAAP measures, are relevant in assessing our business trends and performance.
We analyze our results on both GAAP and non-GAAP basis.

In addition, our comments today include forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal
securities laws, including management's current views with respect to trends, opportunities and
uncertainties in our markets, including with respect to the COVID-19 pandemic. These forward-looking
statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. For more detail on the risks associated with our
business, we refer you to the section titled Risk Factors in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year
ended July 31, 2020, and each of our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking
statements are made as of today and Copart has no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements.

And with that out of the way, I will turn the call over to Jay.

A. Jayson Adair
CEO & Director

Thanks, John. Appreciate it. While fiscal 2020 was a record year despite the pandemic, as we talked
about in the last quarter, our people performed across the organization through what was really a year
of not just challenges but a year of unknowns. And we met daily, we course corrected daily. And I'm
happy and proud to say that we had an amazing not only a record year in terms of results but in terms of
accomplishments.

And Q1 of this year is starting strong, and I believe it's indicative of the year ahead. I was talking to Jeff
this morning, 26 years ago, Willis and I went to New York, and Copart became a public company. And as
I stepped on the streets of New York and saw it for the first time, I was amazed. And when we eventually
went public and I saw the inner workings of Wall Street, I was amazed and I was confused. And today, 26
years later, I can't say I understand Wall Street any better. I think that's probably a good thing.

What I do know is a great company when I see it. And Copart is a great company. Jeff and John are going
to give you guys details today on the quarter. But at the highest level, when we look at Q1, we saw record
results. We saw record sale prices, and we saw record returns for our customers. And that bodes well
for our future. Copart has continued to grow over the years. We've done that through a process of being
prepared. We've done that through excellent technology, the best systems, the best technology in the
industry and the best people delivering the best service in the industry, and I see no reason why that's
going to change.

Just 3 years ago, the entire EBITDA for Copart for the year was nearly $538 million. And in this quarter,
we generated over $275 million of the EBITDA. And we knew this was going to happen. We started the
campaign of 3.5, 4 years ago called 20/20/20 where we went out and aggressively started adding land to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

COPART, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 19, 2020

our existing locations and opening additional new locations. And then, in addition to that, we went out and
opened up mega sites for catastrophes all along the Eastern Seaboard and all the way over to across the
Gulf into Houston. And so we've continued to be prepared. We've continued to spend big on land, and we
did that again not only in 2020 but in the first quarter of this year. We now have a record number of acres
available to us to store cars. And that means that we have the capacity for not just the market as it grows,
and we'll continue to do so with technology and cars, but as we continue to win new business.

I view our continued investment in land as a continued investment in our future. And looking forward, we
still have a large list of acquisitions that we would like to make. We won't be able to make them all. We
won't be able to get the zoning. We won't be able to get the deal done on the land. And as many of you
know on the call, some of these acquisitions can take 3, 4, 5 years to come to fruition, but we have a big
pipeline and we'll continue to work on that as we continue to believe in our growth.

I'm happy to say that volume assigned is starting to return to pre-COVID levels. I actually had a little
bit of traffic on the way to work this morning, and we haven't really seen that in 6 months. So volume is
almost back to where it was prior to COVID, not quite there yet, we still don't have everybody driving as
frequently as they were before COVID. But clearly, we are starting to see a lot more miles driven across
the country.

Sales still lag volume, and this is obvious. But back when COVID started, we were selling off inventory
even though we weren't getting big assignment volume. Now we're getting large assignment volume and
not selling off the inventory yet. So in the next quarter or 2, I suspect we'll be selling those vehicles off
and could be more or less back to normal in terms of assignment volume and sale volume in about 6
months.

I'm excited about some of the new changes we've made in our senior management team. You heard John
this morning. John has a 2 decade-plus experience in the automotive industry, working in automotive
companies, and so I'm very excited to have him on our team. I know he's excited about our future and to
be part of Copart, and we're excited to have him in our leadership team as CFO of Copart.

I've said this before, our people and our systems have never been stronger. And as you know, we don't
think about Copart in a quarter or in the next year, we think about it in the next 5 to 10 years. And
I'm excited about the team that we have upgraded and built in the last 6 months. Our CFO, our Chief
Marketing Officer, our COO and Jeff, leading the team, I feel very good about our executive leadership
team and our future for the next 10-year horizon.

So now for more details on the quarter, I'd like to turn it over to Jeff, our President.

Jeffrey Liaw
President

Excellent. Thank you, Jay. It's been just 2 short months since our last earnings call, but it sometimes feels
like multiple years' worth of world events have transpired since then.

First, as Jay did, I wanted to express how proud I am of the Copart team. It's been immensely gratifying
as an organization to be able to do our part to provide an essential service to the communities we work
in around the world. We've taken very seriously the importance of adapting our procedures to keep our
employees, members and customers safe at the same time. The disruption and adaptation have been
substantial and continuous, and we're profoundly grateful for the commitment of our people to a job well
done.

Our aspiration throughout the crisis has been to deliver much more than business stabilization or business
as usual. We've been committed to playing offense, to improving the way we do business and to investing
in our long-term future. And we've done so. We've deployed new products and features for both internal
and customer-facing applications. We've enhanced ProQuote, our best-in-class, machine learning-powered
price estimation tool for our insurance carrier partners. We've grown our first-to-market digital loan
payoff product, we've deployed electronic signature processes and we've updated our communications
technology, among many other achievements over the course of the pandemic.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

COPART, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 19, 2020

Under Willis, Jay and many other senior Copart leaders who predate John and me, we had the foresight to
build our business as a natively digital one. We've been operating exclusively online auctions since 2003
and have, therefore, adapted our workflow smoothly to the pandemic.

I wanted to draw out a few industry themes we've observed over the past quarter, really the past 2
quarters, many a continuation of the themes we talked about on the last call. We continue to observe
lower-than-baseline driving activity but with a steady increase from the pandemic trough, with the U.S.
generally recovering more quickly than some of our international markets. The data on miles driven is
noisy depending on the source. We track many of the sources you do: Google, Apple, INRIX, among
others. Most of that data indicates that still relative to pre-pandemic baselines, we are seeing much
less commuting traffic, in retail and recreation-related driving. Nonetheless, a meaningful sequential
improvement from the COVID-19 trough.

As another guidepost, we note that the U.S. Energy Information Administration has recently published
data, indicating that gas consumption is down plus or minus 10% versus a year ago. We have also seen
relative increases in driving activity relative to other forms of transportation, including mass transit and
ridesharing, where we've seen activity down some 50%.

As for the other important drivers of our business, accident frequency, conventional wisdom has held that
accident frequency is positively correlated with miles driven because congestion contributes to accident
frequency. During the pandemic, we continue to see evidence that in some scenarios anyway, the opposite
is true. One industry source has indicated substantial double-digit increases in speeding, phone usage
and hard breaking. With our roads less crowded, speeding and distracted driving have both increased,
contributing to increased accident frequency per miles driven. And then, of course, on total loss frequency
and accident severity, which we have emphasized as the most important long-term driver of our business,
the long-term trend of rising total loss frequency has very much continued during the pandemic. There are
some indications that it may have accelerated during the pandemic, in part due to the high returns we are
generating at auction.

Turning to our unit sales trends. We experienced a global unit sales decrease of 13% for the quarter with a
U.S. unit decrease of 13% and an international unit decline of 11%. The unit decline, of course, has been
driven by the COVID-19 impact on miles driven and, therefore, the absolute number of accidents and total
vehicles.

Our noninsurance business -- within that noninsurance business, charities and wholesalers have been
the most significantly affected by COVID-19. Excluding those 2 categories, our noninsurance volume has
grown year-over-year. Including those 2 categories, we were down 11%. Within that noninsurance group,
our dealer business in particular, was up 11% in units sold year-over-year compared to what we believe
were significant declines for other whole car auction platforms for dealers, a continuing validation of our
business model. Our global inventory decreased 3.6% versus a year ago. That is comprised of a U.S.
inventory decline of 3.3% year-over-year and an international inventory decline of 5.3%.

Turning then to selling prices for vehicles at our auctions. Despite some natural headwinds and the
economic disruption of the pandemic crisis, we've experienced ASPs for our vehicles at all-time highs, a
reflection both of market dynamics as well as our own member recruitment and retention efforts. ASP's
worldwide grew 37.3% year-over-year for the quarter, with U.S. ASPs up 39%. Used car prices have
no doubt helped to contribute to that high ASP environment for us. They are, however, only up 15%
or thereabouts year-over-year based on some of the industry indices we track, with our selling prices
meaningfully exceeding the used car price environment. We believe that's a reflection in part of our
marketing efforts and member recruitment.

Turning into the last theme. We've closed out an unusually busy hurricane season, and we are very proud
of our cat teams. As always, we stand ready to respond to catastrophic events with land equipment and
people that are second to none in the industry. This year was, in some respects, the most active Atlantic
storm season on record with 30-named storms and 13 hurricanes. The property damage effect, however,
was less severe than we've experienced in prior seasons, but we're nonetheless grateful for the Copart cat
team and their multiple mobilizations in support of our customers and communities this season.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

COPART, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 19, 2020

Before I hand it off to John to walk through our financial highlights, it certainly feels like one of the most
tumultuous windows in my own career with, no doubt, still more uncertainty and change ahead. Our
experience so far in 2020 has given us great conviction that we're ready for anything. Just a few days
short of Thanksgiving, we're grateful for our people, grateful for our customers who empower us to
continue investing in their long-term prosperity and our own.

And with that, I'll turn it over to our new CFO, John North, to walk through the first quarter financial
results.

John F. North
Senior VP & CFO

Great. Thanks, Jeff. First, I just want to say thanks to Jay for the warm welcome and to just reiterate how
happy I am to be at Copart. It's obviously a phenomenal organization and team, and I'm sure proud to be
here.

With that said, I'll make a few brief comments on our operational results, provide more color around the
earlier remarks and then we'll open it up for some questions. Global revenue increased $38.5 million or
6.9%, including a $2.5 million benefit due to currency. Global service revenue increased $27.5 million or
5.6%, a more accurate reflection of the underlying activity in our business and primarily due to higher
ASPS. The U.S. business grew 4.5%, and international experienced an increase of 14.2%. Purchased
vehicle sales increased $11 million or 16.5% as growth in the U.S. was partially offset by international
declines primarily driven by COVID-19 volume impact and a U.K. customer shift to a fee-based sales
contract. Purchased vehicle profits, defined as vehicle sales less cost of vehicle sales, increased by $5.4
million as modest volume declines were more than offset by higher ASPs.

Gross profit increased by $41.9 million or 16.4%, and our gross margin rate improved by approximately
400 basis points to 50.1%. U.S. margins improved from 49.2% to 52.6%, predominantly due to increased
ASPs, partially offset by negative yard operating leverage due to reduced cost absorption across pure
vehicles sold. International margins increased from 29.5% to 37% driven primarily by rising ASPS but,
similar to the U.S., was affected by higher cost per unit processed.

I'll now move to a discussion of G&A expenditures, excluding stock compensation and depreciation
expenses. In general, G&A expenditures will fluctuate and grow over time, but we continue to believe we
can achieve additional operating leverage over the long term. As in all trended data in our business, gross
margins, G&A, unit sales and inventory changes, we encourage you to review longer-dated trend lines
rather than a single quarter metric for a more accurate view of the business, particularly given the recent
COVID impact.

With that said, our G&A costs were down slightly, a decrease of $0.8 million from $43.3 million a year ago
to $42.5 million in 2021. As a result, our GAAP operating income increased by 21% from $205.4 million
to $248.6 million. We delivered approximately 500 basis points of operating margin improvement due to
revenue growth from strong ASPs, partially offset by negative operating leverage from a lower absolute
volume of vehicles.

Net interest expense increased $1 million or 25% year-over-year due to reduced interest income on
collected cash balances given the current interest rate environment and an increase in debt issuance costs
and unused line of credit fees due to the July 2020 revolver upsizing and amendment. Q1 income tax
expense was $46.5 million at an 18.9% effective tax rate, reflecting an $11.8 million tax benefit on the
exercise of employee stock options, which has been adjusted out for purposes of the non-GAAP earnings
included in our earnings release. On a non-GAAP basis, our effective tax rate would have been 23.7%.

In summary, GAAP net income decreased 8.2% from $218.2 million last year to $200.3 million this year
due to a prior year tax rate reduction for stock option exercises. Adjusted to remove these items, non-
GAAP net income increased 21.2% from $155.4 million last year to $188.3 million in the first quarter of
2021.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

COPART, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 19, 2020

Now to briefly update our liquidity and cash flow highlights. As of October 31, 2020, we had $1.6 billion
of liquidity comprised of $605.7 million in cash and cash equivalents, an increase of $424.6 million over
October 31, 2019, and a $1.05 billion capacity on our revolving credit facility, which is undrawn.

Operating cash flow for the quarter increased $46.1 million year-over-year to $258.5 million, primarily
driven by working capital benefits. Sequentially, operating cash flow decreased $8.4 million from the
fourth quarter of 2020 as assignments have ramped back up consuming working capital and due to
income tax effects. We invested $147.1 million in capital expenditures in the quarter, and over 90% of this
amount was attributable to capacity expansion and lease buyouts.

In conclusion, our conservative capitalization and strong cash flow enable us to continue to make decisions
for the long-term interest of both our customers and our shareholders.
And that concludes our remarks. We're happy to take some questions. Diego?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

COPART, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 19, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Labick with CJS Securities.

Robert James Labick
CJS Securities, Inc.

So obviously, another terrific quarter. And it looks like maybe both ASPs and volumes were up sequentially
from the July quarter, but ASPs rose faster. And I say this because service revenue grew faster than yard
costs. And so I'm trying to understand the dynamic here between ASPs and supply and demand and see
what other factors may be at play. And so do you think there's been an increase in demand from the
pandemic as you brought in new people, new buyers, et cetera, so that demand could even continue to
outstrip supply even when volumes do return to pre-pandemic levels? Or how do you see kind of ASPs
faring as volumes recover? I guess is the question.

Jeffrey Liaw
President

Yes. It's a very fair and, certainly, complex answer -- complex question and answer. I think, in short, the
prices are high and it is surely not just supply and demand. And I say that with some conviction, Bob,
because volumes are down 13%, but ASPs are up a 37%. And there are literally many, many, many more
actual dollars purchasing cars at Copart, right? So on fewer units, we're seeing more absolute dollars.
So I think that leads me to conclude that, at least in part, we are continuing to grow the demand base
for the vehicles. You may recall, we had grown, expanded our marketing efforts. We hired a new SVP of
marketing. We opened new lounges. So that's been an ongoing multiple-decade theme, frankly, Bob, but
that's certainly borne fruit in the pandemic, and we will continue to invest in that going forward.

So how much of today's ASP increase is a function of supply and demand, it's hard to say. I'm sure it's
part of it, but it's certainly not all of it. I think equally important perhaps is the growth of the buyer base
and also, frankly, total loss frequency. Those are interrelated as well. When the total loss frequency
increases and more and more marginal totals are totaled, those, of course, further drive ASPs upwards.
They further recruit new buyers because those cars are closer to immediately drivable. So there certainly
is a favorable -- a virtuous flywheel effect, which we think is we're seeing in the pandemic as well.

Robert James Labick
CJS Securities, Inc.

Got it. That's helpful. Great. And then a question on international. You didn't talk too much about it yet
on the call. How has COVID impacted your plans? I think in the past, you talked about Germany now
starting to sell on an agency basis. So maybe an update on Germany, where it's going, then the overall
international emerging opportunities. Were they affected by COVID? And how do you see those over the
next 3 to 5 years?

Jeffrey Liaw
President

Fair enough. So I think the short answer to your question is that the countries have very much been
affected by COVID-19. I think I made a brief comment in passing there that to varying degrees and,
in general, more severely than in the U.S. Our plans and our intentions and our execution I don't
think have varied as a result of pandemic. So investing in Germany, which you called out specifically,
continues to be a key theme for us. We continue to invest in the land and the technology and the people.
And we are selling cars, as you noted, on an agency basis for carriers in Germany today and so far
demonstrating excellent results in doing so. The growth path then remains the same with all of the
opportunities and challenges you've heard us talk about on prior calls, right, including changing the way
the industry manages the total loss processed in general to the benefit of both the insurance carriers and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

COPART, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 19, 2020

the policyholders. So that, of course, is a much longer discussion. But no, our perspective on it certainly
hasn't changed.

Robert James Labick
CJS Securities, Inc.

Okay. Great. And last one for me, just a congratulations to John and the other new hires. So Jeff, for you
and maybe, Jay, but how do your roles change now with the new hires and the kind of expanded executive
team?

Jeffrey Liaw
President

I think the, I'd say, senior leadership approach at Copart has always been quite fluid, right? So I think
the walls at Copart between functions and countries are quite a bit lower than what you would generally
observe in public companies of our size and stature. So I think it's fluid, but certainly, John will take
on much more the day-to-day leadership of what are traditionally considered finance and accounting
functions, including accounting, including Investor Relations and so forth but also help to -- help us
navigate the strategic future for Copart in evaluating return on investments and our approach to
evaluating ROIC for the various initiatives we undertake.

Our new SVP of Marketing, Scott Booker, comes from the online travel industry which, I'm sure you
well know, is one of the more challenging competitive and difficult arenas when it comes to the online
marketplace universe. And so he will spearhead our efforts in continuing to grow that buyer base and
continuing to build the demand for the supply that we bring to market. So I think day-to-day, it's hard to
answer because no individual day looks like the other, but I think they will certainly take very meaningful
leadership roles in their specific functions.

Operator

Our next question comes from Stephanie Benjamin with Truist Securities.

Stephanie Benjamin
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to touch a bit on the noninsurance side of your business. It's pretty strong growth, particularly
the dealer side as well as excluding some of the charity wholesale business you called out, Jeff. Really
interesting, I think it makes sense, just given your digital platform, for the strong outperformance we saw
last quarter. But clearly, that continued into this quarter despite some of the other traditional noninsurance
auction platforms opening up more so. So maybe you could speak a little bit about what you're seeing in
that segment, if there have been some share gains or some opportunity where it's actually sticky, pretty
sticky, and these gains kind of continue going forward and really wasn't just pandemic-driven. Any color
there would be helpful.

Jeffrey Liaw
President

Yes. I think it's a fair question, Stephanie. I think if you go back, and you've been following us for years
now, but track the individual quarter-by-quarter trends for Copart dealer services, I think you'd see this
growth trajectory long predated the pandemic by many years. So it's a business we've steadily grown over
the years, and we've grown it today in the pandemic while other wholesale auction platforms, we think,
have not grown nearly to the same extent and, in many cases, may have shrunk. That's largely a product
of auction returns. What we generate for our sellers at auction is ultimately what matters. I'm sure we
are -- I'd like to think we're very likable people and charming, but ultimately, the dealers' key priority is
achieving an excellent return and doing so quickly.

And the liquidity of our online marketplace, I think, is what's distinguished us. We haven't had to adapt
real time. We haven't had to invent a purely digital auction after having become accustomed to physical
auctions instead. So I think there is something about being natively digital, which perhaps has helped
to enhance our relative performance during the pandemic. But more broadly, that is an important profit

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

COPART, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 19, 2020

driver for us, an important long-term revenue growth driver for us as well, and we are achieving good
returns for our dealers and aspire to do more and better still.

Stephanie Benjamin
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And I just wanted to touch a little bit on the international side of your business. I know you
spoke a little bit on Germany and some of the efforts there. Has there been any kind of internal plans or
investments to expand even further internationally, maybe in some other new markets?

Jeffrey Liaw
President

In short, yes. I think Germany and Spain, where we have a footprint as well, have always been viewed
as the gateway to Western Europe more broadly. Western Europe shares many of the characteristics --
many of the macroeconomic and social characteristics that make total loss such a compelling economic
proposition in the U.S. and Canada and the U.K. and elsewhere. And that is high repair costs, high
regulatory burdens and so forth and good cars that have intrinsic value both in those native markets
and elsewhere in emerging markets where demand for cars and repairable, drivable cars and mobility
continues to expand over time as well.

So Western Europe certainly is -- it's our expectation that our success in Germany and Spain will
eventually extend elsewhere there. Now there are other international markets long-term that certainly will
emerge as priorities for us as well. But I'd say for the relevant x year horizon, our emphasis is on our core
markets where we already do business today: Germany and Spain and Western Europe.

Operator

Our next question comes from Craig Kennison with Baird.

Craig R. Kennison
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I wanted to start with the government lockdown scenarios. I know the governments in various
geographies are considering different lockdown options here. And I'm just wondering if you see
geographies that are more at risk or if you're approaching the spike in cases we've seen across the globe
in a different manner now that you've learned what you have through early -- the early portion of the
pandemic.

Jeffrey Liaw
President

Craig, a good question and one I'm not sure we have a more enlightened perspective than you do, right?
So it's a function of both the virus trends themselves and then the expected government and social
response to them. And I think we now have 6 months of experience, all of us do, in understanding how
-- or 8 months, understanding how that unfolds. So we are prepared for really any scenario, including
very extreme lockdowns. I'd argue that the April, May, June time frame was among the more severe
windows, and we could adapt -- we're able to adapt our operations, able to prove that our operations are
an essential service to the communities we do business in. So I expect to continue to be able to serve our
customers and our communities. The volume effects, I think, remain to be seen. I think it's fair to say we
don't know.

Craig R. Kennison
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

And my second question is more to do, just big picture, with your relationships with your insurance
consignors. We know that you have some exclusive relationships where your insurance partner consigns
100% of their volume to Copart. You have others where you get a fraction of that volume. I guess I
can see how an insurer might want to have more than 1 vendor for that service. But what would be the
benefits for an insurer that commits to an exclusive agreement with Copart? Is it cost? Are there -- is

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

COPART, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 19, 2020

there data that is unique when you have an exclusive relationship? Is there a priority access? I'm just
curious why you're able to win those exclusive deals.

Jeffrey Liaw
President

I think the exclusive deals are a reflection of a strong relationship with those customers. It's not per se
that we have American Airlines Platinum status with warm nuts at the front of the plane per se, it's more
just a reflection of the excellent returns you generate and the excellent service you provide to them.
There's no secret ring per se, Craig. But we work like hell to earn that trust from our customers. We earn
it in the day-to-day, in the pickup and towing of vehicles, in the auction management, the returns we
generate and the title work we do for them. And certainly, we work like hell on catastrophic events to
make sure that we are the most responsive, that we have the most people and process and technology on
the ground to serve them at those critical moments.

So those exclusive agreements are a badge of honor for us that we work like hell to earn. And for the
carriers, the benefit to them is that they get the Copart experience end-to-end. It certainly does reduce
the complexity for them in not having to manage as many providers across their own platforms. So there
is one counterparty with whom to integrate technologically. There's 1 counterparty with whom to discuss
inventory trends in X, Y, Z markets or processing older-dated units and so forth. So the simplicity, I think,
is worthwhile for many carriers as well. But in general, I think it's a reflection of good service and good
returns.

Craig R. Kennison
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Great. And Jay, if you figure out Wall Street, please let me know.

A. Jayson Adair
CEO & Director

I will, Craig.

Craig R. Kennison
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I love it when you knock the cover off the ball and the market moves the opposite direction you think it's
going to move. So it's something I'm yet to figure out, I'll let you know.

Jeffrey Liaw
President

See you, Craig.

Operator

Next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

On the dealer volumes, that growth against the declining backdrop, I guess, is there an explanation? And
are there more cars that you're selling in the noninsurance that are going to export? Are you getting a
higher bid in North Africa or Eastern Europe, and that's driving incremental units to you? And I guess
when you think about across the board units, do you have a feeling for the direction of how many cars go
to export now? Are you exporting more of your volumes than you were maybe a year ago?

Jeffrey Liaw
President

So the answer to the first part of your question is yes, a meaningful portion of those cars we auction on
behalf of our dealers are ultimately exported. And it's, therefore, that more expansive buyer universe
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

COPART, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 19, 2020

with access to the cars that helped drive the differential returns. The more precise question you asked
afterwards about whether the international buyer mix is higher year-over-year, over that time horizon, it's
harder to say, and I think it's probably flat. It may even be down slightly, in part because the currencies of
the relevant buyer countries for us have been weakened in the pandemic.

Currencies, if you've been tracking throughout, there's been a lot of noise. Some currencies have
depreciated a lot versus the dollar, and others have depreciated a lot. For the buying countries, their
currencies have generally weakened. So they're actually paying way, way more in their own local
currencies, and our international demand in absolute terms then has grown. But their relative purchasing
advantage is more near-term impaired. So over the kind of time horizon you're describing, it's closer to
breakeven in terms of the volume changes year-over-year. But certainly, over a 10- and 20-year horizon,
the international buyer is much more important today than it was 10 years ago and will be much more
important in 10 years than they are today.

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then a question on catastrophic. You talked about multiple mobilizations but limited
property damage. Was catastrophic a negative in the quarter in the sense that you had the cost of
showing up the storms but not enough volume created by them?

Jeffrey Liaw
President

It is, but not enough to call out, in part because I think we've seen enough seasons to know that it's
always -- there's always going to be some noise in it. And trying to adjust for -- I don't see a whole lot
of value in trying to report no storm EBITDA, right, because I'm not sure there -- or no storm operating
profit. I'm not sure there's any scenario in which there are no storms whatsoever. So suffice it to say that
when there are very severe events, like Hurricane Harvey, and they cause a meaningful net effect on our
P&L, you'll hear us describe it. But we generally try to accept as good and bad the noise that comes in the
business. And this year's storm activity, I would characterize as such.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ryan Brinkman with JPMorgan.

Ryan J. Brinkman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congrats on another strong quarter. Thanks for taking my question which is about the second straight
quarter of this 26% or 27% year-over-year growth in average selling prices. Firstly, these record price
increases, I cannot recall them previously growing this fast. And then also, can you just talk about
the biggest factors that are driving the increase and maybe rate the sustainability or outlook for those
different factors, such as whole car prices, maybe metals or maybe precious metals, I don't know? And
what has also been the impact of mix such as, for example, if you're selling these newer, higher quality
or more drivable vehicles, do you think we could see these types of increases for another quarter or 2
before you start to lap the difficult compares? Or maybe should we think about some sort of moderation
beforehand on whole car prices or something like that?

Jeffrey Liaw
President

Got it. First is a clarifying point to make sure I didn't misspeak, but our -- I think our ASPs last quarter
were up 26% year-over-year. And this quarter, we're up 37%. So the increase is more meaningful this
quarter than it was last quarter. Yes, we are at all-time highs. And yes, I believe these are all-time year-
over-year changes as well in selling prices. You may have been away for a moment, we did comment a
little earlier on the selling price trends in the business and what portion of it is "durable" and not. And I
think there's likely some supply-and-demand characteristics here. But overall, when we've seen volumes
decline 13% but average selling prices increase 37%, we conclude that the absolute dollars flowing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

COPART, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 19, 2020

through Copart auctions are meaningfully up year-over-year. So it's not just supply and demand. It's not
just a fixed number of dollars pursuing a certain number of units. It's much more than that.

To your question about mix, I think it is fair to say that as we've seen total loss frequency increase that,
that benefits us in the form of ASPs because marginal totals generally generate higher selling prices at
auction. I would note that that's also been a multiple-year trend. Total loss frequency in 1980 was 4%,
today, it's probably north of 20%. So it's not something that's happened during the pandemic per se,
but it arguably has accelerated, to some extent, during the pandemic but has been a true phenomenon
for many years, which is one reason why until, if memory serves, until the third quarter of 2020, which
was right when the pandemic hit, until then, we'd experienced ASP increases for 13 straight quarters or
thereabouts, and that is a reflection of our marketing efforts by our recruitment, total loss frequency and
the like.

So some of -- so no doubt that some portion of the -- there are secular drivers then that will lead ASPs up
over the very long haul. To what extent today's 37% increase is purely a pandemic-related phenomenon,
very difficult to say. It's certainly not all of it.

Ryan J. Brinkman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then just last question is, if you could weigh in on sort of the whole inflation versus deflation
debate that's taking place and they come in, we're seeing a lot of inflation in used car prices, but
there's deflation in other areas like commercial real estate, et cetera. I was just thinking that if one
was of the view that there is going to be materially higher inflation over the long run because of what's
happening with the money supply and federal reserve or whatnot, I mean you own all of your land, so
that appreciates in value. You won't face higher rent price. And if you get compensated as a percentage of
transaction prices, how is the company positioned to benefit or not from inflation? And is that part of -- is
that potentially part of the investment thesis here?

Jeffrey Liaw
President

I'd say only indirectly so. So as you know, for example, you cited one of the more important strategic
decisions we have made and continue to make, which is that owning our land is the more correct approach
to navigating the -- our balance sheet, even though, on paper anyway, you could arguably turbocharge
return on equity by selling that land and leasing it back. We've concluded that the strategic importance of
controlling our own destiny, owning our land and knowing that we can assure its use for our customers for
the next 50 years, outweighs the leverage benefit of a potentially more balance sheet-efficient approach.
One by-product of that, I think, is some inflationary protection. If we do find ourselves in an inflationary
environment, we are both landlord and tenant. So we are not subject to the potential risk you described.

When it comes to inflation, in general, inflation is certainly a fraught expression and certain indices include
-- or exclude durable goods like automobiles and real estate and the like. Some exclude fuel. So it's harder
to comment on it in isolation. I would say, in general, inflation does not -- it doesn't enter our decision
calculus very frequently when it comes to the strategic and operational decisions we make. So hard for me
to know. I think you and Wall Street will certainly have a better perspective on this than we will, but it's
not top of mind when it comes to the decisions we make.

Operator

There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn it back to Jeff Liaw for closing remarks.

Jeffrey Liaw
President

Excellent. Well, thank you for the thoughtful questions, and we look forward to talking to everyone on the
next call. Have a good day.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

COPART, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 19, 2020

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does -- thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's
conference. Have a great rest of your day. Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

COPART, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 19, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

