Corning Incorporated NYSE:GLW
FY 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, January 27, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.49

0.52

6.12

0.39

1.37

1.39

1.46

1.90

3177.95

3328.00

4.72

2956.84

11304.52

11452.00

1.30

12626.78

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-27-2021 1:42 AM GMT

FY 2020

CONSENSUS

1.37

ACTUAL

1.39

SURPRISE

1.46 %

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CORNING INCORPORATED FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor
Relations

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Asiya Merchant
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Joseph Lima Cardoso
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Mehdi Hosseini
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CORNING INCORPORATED FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Corning Inc. Fourth Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call.

[Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference to your speaker today, Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, and welcome to Corning's Quarter 4 2020 Earnings Call. With me today are
Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer.

I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are
detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we'll be discussing our consolidated
results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP
data.

Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business.
For the fourth quarter, the largest difference between our GAAP and core results stem from restructuring
charges, which are primarily noncash as well as noncash mark-to-market losses associated with the
company's currency hedging contracts. With respect to mark-to-market adjustments, GAAP accounting
requires earnings translation hedge contracts and foreign debt settling in future periods to be mark-to-
market and recorded at current value at the end of each quarter, even though these contracts will not be
settled in the current quarter.

For us, this reduced GAAP earnings in Q4 by $63 million. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting
has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange
rate fluctuations and provide higher certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for
growth and our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional
transparency into operations by using a constant currency rate aligned with the economics of our
underlying transactions.

We're very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We've received $1.7
billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception more than 5 years ago. A reconciliation of
core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website
at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the
Interactive Analyst Center.

Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast, and we encourage you to follow along, and you
can download them from our website. And now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported an outstanding finish to the year.
Each of our segments grew sales and profits year-over-year, and we continue to progress our strategic
initiatives.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CORNING INCORPORATED FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

For the fourth quarter, sales were $3.3 billion, up 11% sequentially and 17% year-over-year. Our
operating margin expanded 500 basis points year-over-year to 19.4%. Operating income grew 18%
sequentially and 58% year-over-year. EPS of $0.52 was up 21% sequentially and 13% year-over-year.
We generated $464 million of free cash flow in the fourth quarter, $948 million for the full year, and we
finished the year with $2.7 billion in cash on our balance sheet.

It goes without saying, 2020 was an incredibly difficult year. We joined the rest of the world to confront
the pandemic, economic uncertainty and social unrest. Throughout the year, we focused on our customers
and executed on strategic priorities while protecting our people. For more perspective on our performance,
I'll share 3 observations. First, we demonstrated our ability to adapt rapidly and remain resilient in the
face of uncertainty. Second, our More Corning content strategy clearly contributed to our growth and
outperformed against our end markets. And finally, throughout this difficult period, we're embracing the
opportunity to make a difference, wherever we are, with what we have to contribute.

Now I'll expand on my first observation. Our decisive actions and strong operational execution have
resulted in continued leadership in the capabilities that make Corning distinctive. Like many companies,
we focused on bolstering our financial strength, reducing production levels and operating cost, carefully
managing inventory, reducing capital expenditures and pausing share buybacks. However, it's not about
what we cut, but what we kept. While we adjusted production, we didn't reduce capacity, keeping us
positioned to meet increasing demand when the economy improved. We continue to make strategic
investments and advance major innovations with our customers to capture the growth playing out across
our market access platforms. And we developed multifaceted programs to protect our talent and preserve
our capabilities.

Our first half actions generated significant cost savings in second half of the year. And as the economy
started showing signs of green shoots, we effectively adjusted our operations keeping pace as demand
started to recover in many of the markets we serve. Our results tell the story. Our sales were down 12%
in the first half as most economies were impacted by pandemic related lockdowns. But in the second half,
we improved sales 24% over the first, while growing operating income 122%, returning the year-over-
year growth and generating very strong free cash flow. For the year, we generated almost $1 billion of
free cash flow, and our balance sheet remains very strong. We expect this strong momentum to continue
heading into 2021. We will continue to adapt and focus on execution as we have proven that our approach
is working.

Turning to my second observation. In all the industries we serve, important market trends continue to
offer new challenges that Corning is just uniquely qualified to address, and new opportunities to integrate
more Corning content into our customers' products. In this difficult year, we have proven that this is an
especially powerful value creation ladder. We aren't relying exclusively on people buying more stuff. We're
putting more Corning into the products that people are already buying. In the fourth quarter, this strategy
paid off as we grew sales year-over-year in every one of our businesses.

At the top were Specialty Materials, with sales up 20% year-over-year, and Environmental Technologies
up 19% year-over-year, both significantly outperforming their end markets. Last quarter, I described our
innovations in Mobile Consumer Electronics, looking at how we're investing to create additional revenue
streams and capture content opportunities.

Today, I'll focus on our Automotive Market-Access platform. The auto industry is undergoing major
disruptions. Automakers are designing cleaner and safer vehicles while featuring technology that provides
immersive experiences. We're uniquely suited to address these trends. And for us, the opportunity is
large in the range of $100 per car in Corning content. We're collaborating with more OEMS, and we're
offering more solutions to help move the industry forward. Let's look at 2 of our biggest successes right
now. Starting with our Automotive Glass Solutions business. We're building strong momentum. Our
advantaged solutions are enabling the very rapid shift towards in-vehicle displays that are interactive, that
are integrated and shaped.

We're collaborating with industry leaders across the auto ecosystem, including Visteon, LGE, BOE, and
VIA Optronics to accelerate the adoption of our patented 3D ColdForm technology, which enables lower
cost, shaped auto interiors. Our large-scale facility in Hefei, China, is now fully operational and servicing

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CORNING INCORPORATED FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

our growing demand. And we continue to see strong adoption of our technology by auto OEMs. Our recent
proof point is the new Mercedes-Benz Hyperscreen dashboard display, which features a Gorilla Glass cover
nearly 5 feet wide.

Similarly, in Environmental Technologies, in a year when a global pandemic temporarily shut down OEM
production, our proprietary gasoline particulate filter business still grew sales year-over-year. When we
introduced EPS, we said our technology increased our content opportunity per car by 3 to 4x. Like most of
our innovations, it started with the customer challenge. Europe and China are addressing fine particular
pollution with new emissions regulations. We applied our expertise in ceramic science with our advanced
manufacturing capabilities in extrusion to rapidly develop filters that efficiently trap ion particulates. And
today, we're effectively helping automakers reduce these harmful emissions, meet new regulations and
produce some of the cleanest gasoline vehicles you can buy.

Demand for our GPF has grown quickly. And with our market-leading product, we continue to win the
majority of platforms awarded to date. We're well on our way to building a $500 million business. We're
actually ahead of schedule, and the content opportunity continues to grow. We expect our GPF technology
to migrate beyond Europe and China as other regions focus on improving air quality. And many new car
models will soon be required to get even closer to near 0 particulate emissions.

In response, we recently introduced our next-generation GPF featuring enhanced filtration capabilities.
They're launching in upcoming models as automakers prepare for the next wave of regulations. Across our
markets, we see a similar content story playing out as we respond to key industry challenges with more
Corning solutions.

Let me share some other accomplishments across our market access platforms. In Life Sciences, pandemic
related demand has highlighted our strength in the industry. And we achieved major milestones towards
building a significant Valor Glass franchise in 2020. At the start of the year, we entered a long-term supply
agreement to provide Valor Glass vials for a portion of the currently marketed Pfizer drug products.
Soon after, we were awarded $204 million in funding from the U.S. government to substantially expand
domestic manufacturing capacity for Valor vials. Today, we're supplying Valor Glass to several leading
COVID vaccine manufacturers. We produce millions of Valor vials and shipped enough for more than 100
million doses, supporting multiple vaccine developers.

In our Life Sciences segment, the global health fight is driving strong demand for our consumable
products. We're supporting the development of treatments in vaccines as well as mass testing efforts. We
received $15 million from the U.S. government to expand domestic capacity for robotic pipette tips, which
are used for COVID diagnostic testing. BioNTech recently recognized our contribution to their successful
COVID vaccine development.

Turning to Mobile Consumer Electronics. We launched the toughest Gorilla Glass yet, Victus. And it's
already featured on 6 Samsung devices. Corning also invented the world's first transparent color-free
glass ceramic, which is featured on the front cover of the latest iPhone. Apple and Corning partnered to
develop and scale manufacturing of Ceramic Shield. It offers unparallel durability and toughness.

I noted that Specialty Materials sales were up 20% year-over-year in quarter 4. They were up 18% for the
full year in a smartphone market, that declined 7%. In Optical Communications, we returned to growth
and we expect this growth to continue as customers increase spending to support growing bandwidth
requirements. In 2020, we introduced new and innovative solutions that help speed the deployment of
5G. We launched our outdoor 5G-ready connectivity solutions, featuring compact easy-to-install terminals
that can be deployed in any conceivable architecture. Operators can actually save up to $500 per terminal
location, dramatically lowering installation cost and speeding up deployment. We're also collaborating with
Verizon to enable 5G millimeter wave indoor deployments for their enterprise customers.

We're also working with Qualcomm Technologies to deliver indoor networks that are 5G ready, easy to
install and affordable. And we're collaborating with EnerSys to simplify the delivery of fiber and electrical
power to small cell wireless sites.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CORNING INCORPORATED FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Turning to Display. Retail demand for TV and IT products remain strong. Demand for large-sized TVs
continues to grow. 75-inch sets were up more than 60% for the full year. Large TVs are most efficiently
made on Gen 10.5 plants. Corning is well positioned to capture that growth with its Gen 10.5 plants in
China, including the 2 newest Gen 10.5 facilities in Wuhan and Guangzhou, which are now expanding
production to meet customer demand. Ramping these sites has been no small feat in the midst of a
pandemic. We are very proud of our innovative and dedicated expert engineering teams that rose to a
host of unprecedented challenges to start-up tanks in both facilities.

Looking ahead, Corning's long-term growth drivers and content opportunities are strong in each of our
markets. And we believe some secular trends could accelerate as consumer lifestyles continue to change
in the aftermath of the health crisis. And that leads to my third observation. We're living through the
kind of moment that tends to bring true character to light. At Corning, our values are evident in our
actions. We've unleashed our capabilities to help combat the virus. And we're proud to be creating life-
changing technologies that contribute to keeping people safe and help society address the challenges of
the pandemic.

We also recognize in these unprecedented times that we have the opportunity to share resources and
leadership on a range of important issues. We've launched racial and social quality programs, and our
unity campaign support vital human services and emergency relief in our communities around the world.

In conclusion, on all fronts, Corning is executing well. We're delivering outstanding results and making
important progress across our strategic priorities. I am confident that we are entering the year with
solid momentum and we expect to grow in 2021. Our more Corning strategy will continue to drive
outperformance across the diverse industries that we serve. We're not just counting on consumers buying
more cars, TVs or smartphones to grow. And I'm excited about how we're bringing our capabilities to bear
in optical and life sciences as operators expand their networks and we continue to support vital drug and
vaccine development.

Now I'll turn the call over to Tony, so that he can provide additional insight on our results and
expectations.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Wendell, and good morning, everyone. We feel good about our fourth quarter results. On
a year-over-year basis, we grew sales and earnings. We expect to grow again in the first quarter, and
we expect to grow for the full year driven by improving markets and our more Corning strategy. We are
building a bigger, stronger company that delivers sustainable results while remaining agile in our ability to
respond to changing market factors.

Now let me walk you through our fourth quarter performance. In the fourth quarter, we grew sales 11%
sequentially and 17% year-over-year to $3.3 billion, exceeding expectations. Excluding the consolidation
of Hemlock Semiconductor, sales grew 11% year-over-year, with every segment growing sales and net
income. Specialty Materials and Environmental Technologies delivered particularly strong year-over-
year sales growth, up 20% and 19%, respectively, both outperforming their underlying markets. Optical
Communications returned to year-over-year growth, and we expect that growth to continue. Our operating
margin was 19.4%. That is an improvement of 500 basis points on a year-over-year basis.

We grew operating income 18% sequentially and 58% year-over-year. EPS of $0.52 was up 21%
sequentially and 13% year-over-year. We generated $464 million of free cash flow in the quarter.
Cumulative free cash flow for the full year was $948 million. We ended the year with a cash balance of
$2.7 billion. We entered 2021 in an excellent financial position.

Now let's review the business segments. In Display Technologies, fourth quarter sales were $841 million,
up 2% sequentially and 6% year-over-year. And net income was $217 million, up 11% sequentially and
21% year-over-year. Retail demand for TV and IT products remained strong during the promotional
season in Q4.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CORNING INCORPORATED FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Display's full year sales were $3.2 billion, and net income was $717 million. Our full year price declines in
2020 were mid-single digits. The glass market and our glass volume were up mid-single digits for the year.
The retail market was more robust than the industry expected, resulting in panel supply being tight for the
second half of 2020. Panel makers ran at high utilizations and the industry drew down inventory to satisfy
demand. These dynamics also resulted in glass supply being tight, and more recently in shortage due to a
power outage at a competitor's glass plant.

Now let's look at 2021. We expect the TV and IT retail markets to remain strong. We remain confident that
large size TVs will continue to grow, and we are well positioned to capture that growth with Gen 10.5 and
which is the most efficient gen size for large TV manufacturing.

We expect the glass market to grow a mid- single-digit percentage in 2021. We expect glass supply to
remain tight in the upcoming quarters. As a result of these supply-demand dynamics, we are experiencing
a very favorable pricing environment. We expect Q1 2021 glass prices to be flat with Q4 2020. This is
significantly better than the sequential declines we've seen in any other first quarter over the last decade.

Glass prices for some customers in some gen sizes may actually see a sequential increase. We believe
the following 3 factors will continue to drive the favorable pricing environment for the upcoming quarters:
First, we expect glass supply to continue to be tight; second, our competitors continue to face profitability
challenges at current pricing levels; and third, Display glass manufacturing requires periodic investments
in existing capacity to maintain operations.

Glass prices must support acceptable returns on these investments. In Optical Communications, fourth
quarter sales were $976 million, up 8% year-over-year and 7% sequentially. Our year-over-year growth
can be attributed to broad improvements in demand for both carrier and enterprise customers.

Fourth quarter core net income of $141 million was up 127% year-over-year and 23% sequentially. The
improvement was driven by the incremental volume, and favorable cost performance. We have returned
to growth in Optical Communications, and we expect that growth to continue. Bandwidth demand is
increasing and users are demanding higher performance connections. We're seeing positive statements
from customers on increasing investments in their optical networks. Our sales and order rates are picking
up, and we're ready to capture demand as it materializes. We are confident we will grow sales in Optical
Communications for the year. We continue to monitor and evaluate market demand signals to determine
the magnitude of growth, and we'll keep -- we'll continue to keep you updated as we go through the year.

In Environmental Technologies, fourth quarter sales were $445 million, up 19% year-over-year and 17%
sequentially, ahead of expectations as markets continue to improve and GPF adoptions continued in China.
Net income was $93 million, up 45% year-over-year and 35% sequentially, driven by strong operational
performance globally and successful ramping of additional GPF capacity in China.

For the full year, sales were $1.4 billion, and our performance was better than the underlying market.
Net income was $197 million. While our full year 2020 sales were certainly impacted by COVID-19, we
are recovering faster than the market by increasing our content for both the automotive and diesel end
markets. Despite severely challenged markets i.e. overgrowth in GPF sales. Strong GPF adoption continues
in Europe and in China, where the China 6A regulation is being implemented nationwide this month. We
are ahead of our original time frame to build a $500 million GPF business.

Specialty Materials had an outstanding fourth quarter and full year. Q4 sales of $545 million were up
20% year-over-year, full year sales were $1.9 billion, up 18% year-over-year despite a 7% decline in the
smartphone market, driven by strong demand for our premium cover materials and our other innovations.

Net income was $423 million, up 40% from 2019 on higher sales volume and strong cost performance.
The importance of computing and connectivity were amplified during the pandemic. Our new product
innovations, including Ceramic Shield and Gorilla Glass Victus, as well as our EUV products in the
semiconductor market were important contributors to our strong performance.

Now before I get to our Life Sciences results, I'd like to note something of great importance to us.
Throughout the pandemic, our Life Sciences market access platform has applied its broad capabilities
and full product portfolio to help the world combat the pandemic. From our traditionally research-focused

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CORNING INCORPORATED FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

consumables to our bioproduction products to our transport media and, of course, our Valor glass, we're
playing a vital role in the development and supply of test kits and vaccines.

Now let's look at our segment results. Life Sciences fourth quarter sales were $274 million, up 7%
year-over-year and 23% sequentially, driven by strong demand for COVID related products, including
bioproduction products used in clinical trials. Net income was $42 million, up 11% year-over-year and
50% sequentially.

In summary, we successfully navigated a very challenging year. We strengthened our balance sheet,
established growth in the second half and generated free cash flow of $948 million for the year. As we look
ahead, we have strong momentum coming into 2021 and expect year-over-year growth to accelerate in
the first quarter. Specifically, we expect core sales of $3.0 billion to $3.2 billion compared to $2.5 billion
in the first quarter last year and EPS of $0.40 to $0.44, which is double last year's first quarter EPS at
the low end of the range. For the full year, we expect growth in sales and earnings, and we anticipate
generating more free cash flow in 2021 than in 2020. And we will share more with you as the year
progresses.

Let's turn to our commitment to financial stewardship and prudent capital allocation. Our fundamental
approach remains the same. We will continue to focus our portfolio and utilize our financial strength. We
generate very strong operating cash flow, and we expect that to continue going forward.

We will continue to use our cash to grow, extend our leadership and reward shareholders. Our first
priority for our use of cash is to invest in our growth and extend our leadership. We do this through RD&E
investments, capital spending and strategic M&A. Our next priority is to return excess cash to shareholders
in the form of dividends and opportunistic share repurchases.

In 2021, we expect CapEx similar to 2020 as we have capacity in place to meet higher sales. Now we'll
invest more if we require capacity to support additional growth, any additional capital investment would be
supported by a customer commitment. We'll keep you updated as we go throughout the year.

Given our expected strong free cash flow generation in 2021, we expect to increase our distributions to
shareholders. That includes reinstating opportunistic share repurchases sometime this year. In closing,
we're very pleased with our strong close to 2020, highlighted by growing sales and profitability. We
continue to focus on a rich set of opportunities. Our businesses are fundamental to the long-term
growth drivers in the industries they serve, and our more Corning strategy continues to deliver sales
outperformance relative to our end markets. And I look forward to sharing our progress as the year goes
on.
With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CORNING INCORPORATED FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Tony. Operator, we're ready for the first question.

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from Tim Long from Barclays.

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

A two-parter, if I could, on Display. First, you talked about the pretty strong pricing environment into Q1.
Could you talk a little bit -- it's, obviously, a little bit different supply dynamic, and that's normally a tough
quarter for pricing. So how do you think about that as it kind of impacts the rest of the year, the cadence
of normal pricing throughout the year?

And then second, can you talk a little bit about the move of some of the big providers from Korea to
China has been on hold a little bit. So curious what your thoughts are, what that would mean to either the
supply side of the equation or the pricing side?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. I mean, I think it's important to think about what's happened over the last year from a display
standpoint. The market overall was more robust than what we had expected. And what the industry
expected, which meant that panel makers ran tight in the second half of 2020. Not only did those higher
utilizations, but the industry also brought down inventory to meet that demand and that meant that glass
was tight throughout the year. And as you -- we remain confident that things will remain tight on -- over
the next several quarters because of where we think demand is and as that demand continues to be
met, there's also a need to replenish what's happened from a supply chain standpoint and some of the
tightness that's happened from a supply chain standpoint.

So that's obviously led to very favorable pricing in the first quarter. And as we look out over the next
several quarters, we think that, that environment continues, that tight environment continues.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Just building on Tony's because I think you're -- obviously a close watcher of the industry. We were
tight. Glass was tight, and glass is going to stay tight for as far as we can see right now. Then with
a competitor having a power outage and the planned shutdown of the Korean operations, that took
everything being delayed because the market was so strong, that tipped everything in the shortage. So
we went from being very tight to go into shortage. And that's what led to the very, very strong quarter 1
pricing environment. But we're going to stay tight even as we address those. I think the Koreans will still,
ultimately, continue their shift to those big Gen 10.5 plants just because it's more economical. But right
now, they continue to press us to be able to help them supply their Korean operations, and they're not
providing a firm end date for when they'll transfer those over, primarily because they continue to see this
end market is being very strong. Does that make sense? Does that answer your question?

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CORNING INCORPORATED FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Yes. Yes, great. I'm just curious if in any way it changes kind of the longer-term view of most of the
production moving to China, if the delay here and the Koreans moving. Does that change the overall
outlook of the impact of your China position?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Well, I think because these Gen 10.5 plants produced panels, I don't know, roughly at about a 30% cost
advantage, especially when they're integrated with our glass operations the fastest. A pretty powerful
microeconomic force. So that you're just seeing the behavior set that when demand is well is more
than those ultimate low-cost production assets, then less productive capacity stays full. And so as that
continues to grow, I still think the right bet is continuing movement towards those big Gen 10.5 plants.

Operator

Our next question comes from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

I wanted to dig a bit further into the opportunity for Valor over the next 18 to 24 months. And I'm just
curious how maybe conversations have changed with partners given the strong uptake, I know it's from
a small, small base, but of Valor Glass vials related to COVID, and just how maybe have your thoughts
changed around the timing of investment and the ability to grow this business?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

So the way we view Valor, Shannon, is this is an opportunity to help make all of us safer. And so we're
going with Virtu first, rather than any one of our previous plans. And so now we are full on accelerating
as fast as we can. We're also looking at other ways that our Valor technology can help fill and finish
operations because as the world shifts to try to address this a need for billions of doses. We want to make
sure that other life-saving medicines can be produced. And so that bottleneck is going to increasingly
shift towards fill and finish. And we are uniquely qualified to do that. Many of the vaccines have very
complicated thermal cycles that our technology is once again uniquely positioned to do. So sort of simple
answer to your question is it's all hands on deck, trying to increase our production of Valor to increase the
applicability of our technology across this platform.

I personally have now switched to leading a key engineering program to help address this upcoming
bottleneck. That's a long answer. Really, I could have simply just said, how has it changed our view, we
need to make a lot more vials, is the short answer to your question, Shannon.

Operator

Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. So Optical grew in the quarter on a year-on-year basis and you're expressing confidence on the fact
that the growth is going to continue. Can you maybe help us think about sort of the rate and pace of
recovery in Optical, and how the conversations with your customers have changed through the course of
the quarter that's now giving you this confidence on growth? And you seem to be really firing across all
cylinders here. I'm curious if you can maybe share some high-level viewpoint on 2021 versus 2020, which
segment would you say is going to be the largest contributor of growth and profitability?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Well, let me first start with from an Optical standpoint. I think the last several calls, we really have
focused in on our fundamental belief that as bandwidth demand is increasing and users demand higher

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CORNING INCORPORATED FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

performance connections that this was going to be positive from a business standpoint. And we've even
talked about, I think, in the last quarter about how our customers were beginning to talk more about that
in their conference calls, and there are plenty of examples of that.

I think what's really happened over the last 3 or 4 months is that our sales and order rates have started
to pick up. And it's really that pickup in the sales and order rates, which is what drove our growth on a
year-over-year basis and why we're confident that, that growth is going to happen. So I think the question
before was that when was it going to happen? And I think the answer is that it's happening now. And so I
think that's how we think about it there. And then I think from an overall economic standpoint, clearly, as
we enter into the year, we had a very strong fourth quarter, and we expect to have a strong first quarter.

But there's still a lot of uncertainty in the world and we're not in the greatest position to sort through
how that uncertainty is actually going to play out. We think there's 2 places where we can provide unique
insights. One was Optical that we just talked about. And the other was to better understand what's
happening from a display standpoint, and that's the areas that we focused on during the call.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. Great. If I could quickly follow-up. On the pricing front, I mean, as you noted, this is very unusual
for a first quarter. Typically, you reset price contracts in Q1 on LCD glass. Wendell obviously articulated all
the reasons why we're seeing this better pricing. And you're also saying that this is -- the market is going
to stay relatively tight. But as you ramp your Gen 10.5 capacity, should we expect the pricing cadence to
change through the course of the year?

Normally, you have a big step down in Q1 and then you have very moderate in through the rest of the
year, this year, you're not really seeing a step down. In fact, with some customers, you're seeing a step
up. So should we expect that pace of pricing to remain as it has in past years, just very, very moderate?
Or should we take that as more capacity ramps with Gen 10.5. You're actually going to see more maybe
accelerated pricing pressure as you go through the course of the year?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

I think you should think of it, Wamsi, as we'd expect that moderation -- the environment for moderation
continues. I totally get your question though, because the pattern of pricing sort of is a little different
than normal. We had the best pricing in quarter 1 that we've had in a decade in terms of relative move,
relative decrease. And so the pattern of question is, like, totally legit, but we do expect it to remain tight
how the exact pattern plays out. And let's take it a quarter at a time. And right now, we see quarter 1, the
way we see it. And we -- our current look in the quarter 2 is, as Tony said, looks pretty favorable to us in
continued moderation.

Operator

Our next question comes from Asiya Merchant with Citi.

Asiya Merchant
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Great. A couple of quick questions. One on Specialty, clearly, a very strong performance here in the face
of smartphone undergrowing and declining actually. But with a strong recovery ahead, if you can like dial
down a little bit deeper into your expectations for specialty, that would be great. And then for Tony as well
on OpEx, you guys are talking about at recent conferences about kind of bit very well-managed on the
OpEx. Can you just talk to us about what are some of the changes that you've done internally that despite
the growth that you're seeing and the secular demand trend that you're thinking about into 2021? OpEx
should be well maintained here -- or well contained here, I should say.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CORNING INCORPORATED FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Great. Let's start with OpEx, and then I'll touch briefly on Specialty. And I would like to make a little more
macro comment on how we see the year.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think from an OpEx standpoint, Asiya, clearly, we got into the early parts of 2020 and things were
changing, we did a number of things to adjust our operating cost. Some of them were set up so that
we would be able to as the economy has recovered, be able to respond to that. Some of them were
compensation related, for example, furloughs and things like that. And certainly, to the degree that
business has returned, of course, those costs will also return. But from an overall standpoint, we've
remained very focused from an OpEx standpoint to make sure that we're getting leverage as we grow and
that we don't grow our OpEx over a longer period of time as fast as we grow our sales. And that's really
our underlying philosophy from an OpEx standpoint.

I think what structurally makes it possible for us to do is when you us lay out our 3, 4, 5 framework, what
that allows us to do as we build on our market access platforms, is that ability to sort of reuse and share
those platforms, both in our -- we've seen that both on our technology side as well now in our customer-
facing organizations. And so that should allow us to more efficiently address the growth that we see. And
over time, we do expect that at operating margin leverage to be sort of a more powerful generator for us
than just at the manufacturing gross margin levels. So you're going to see us really addressing that more
because that's where we're seeing the synergy really start to drive across our portfolio.

Let's touch briefly on Specialty for you. We would expect that our outperformance versus the smartphone
market to continue. And sort of the -- I'm not calling what happens with the smartphone market. So that
kind of takes me to a sort of a broader point. And I'd be really interested in [indiscernible] from investors,
both sell-side and buy, which is -- we saw the strong momentum. We knew it was coming, but we saw
the strong momentum and really strong order book in Q4. And that continues into this quarter. So that
increasing clarity enabled us to provide the sales in EPS guidance that we just did for quarter 1.

Now we listened to our investors and made it simple and clear by providing sales and EPS for the entire
company rather than the more complicated and detailed market-by-market guidance that we previously
provided. Now as we turn to the total year, simply put, we expect our momentum and our outperformance
versus our markets to continue.

So then the question really becomes what happens in the macro environment. Now you all have your
own experts and opinions on what's going to happen in the macro. At Corning, we approach our ability
to predict macroeconomic and geopolitical events and tensions with great humility. Hence, we don't think
it's helpful for us at this time to predict these forces, and therefore, what exactly our revenue for the year
will be. What we are confident of is that we're going to outperform these markets. So as you pick your
geopolitical or macroeconomic scenario, for our various markets, what you can count on is we're going to
do better than that. So that may be more than you wanted to know, Asiya, but that's how we think about
it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.

Mehdi Hosseini
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Just as a follow-up on the Specialty Material. Wendell, when do you think we're actually going to enough
of a penetration into other industries, so for -- specifically for Gorilla that you would have more of a
debundling from a smartphone market? And I have a follow-up.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Could you say more? I want to make sure I understand your question. You always have very interesting
ones, so let me make sure I understand.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CORNING INCORPORATED FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Mehdi Hosseini
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

We have been anticipating diversification of Gorilla Glass into other markets like auto. And then you
highlighted Mercedes-Benz. And I just want to see what instigated you to actually illustrate that case. And
in that context, how should we think about diversification of Gorilla and Specialty Material end market?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

I totally understand. As always, a really good question. So we highlighted that for 2 reasons. First, our
momentum in auto glass systems is increasing. And it's not yet at the point where we would say, okay, in
your models, you better start providing for this play because it's going to change your macro numbers.
But we can totally feel it. And you will feel it more going forward. We're also seeing Gorilla find its way into
more and more of our maps. What we're going to do is really talk about that in the form of those market
access platforms as the various forms that, that technology takes, serves multiple of our customers.
Believe it or not, it's even finding its way into Opto.

So we'll -- let us take that note. And as that becomes more important, we'll make sure we share a little bit
more on it, Mehdi.

Mehdi Hosseini
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Sure. And maybe just as a follow-up to that question. Thank you for providing detailed opportunities in
other industry. You highlighted $100 of content per car. I want to better understand whether some of the
key assumptions, how are you thinking about the evolution of electric vehicle and as that segment grow,
is your $100 content accounts for that change in auto industry? And does that also account for like, Gorilla
penetrating other industry? And again, how should we think about variability in that $100 content?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So I think the short answer to your question is yes to all of the above. So I think what we should
do, what I recommend we do is, why don't you follow-up with Ann and let us share just the way we think
about the map. And it'll probably be an excellent report for you to do. We'll be helpful and lay that all out
because you had got a great question. And we have the build, and we'd be happy to share it.

Mehdi Hosseini
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Okay. So can I ask one...

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

I think Tony has something to add. He's looking at me like he has something to add.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

No, I mean, Mehdi, I think that would be great. Why don't we -- I think we talked to you later today,
and we can talk about next steps on this. And the only thing I wanted to point out as the CFO, is that
any glass that's sold to the automotive industry right now shows up in our automotive or into our other
segment, not in our Specialty Materials segment, but that was just more of a reporting.

Operator

Our next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.

Joseph Lima Cardoso
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CORNING INCORPORATED FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

This is Joe Cardoso on for Samik. Just 1 follow-up question for me on the optical side. Obviously, the
return of your growth and guide for full year growth is great to hear, but I just wanted to take a moment
and focus on the profitability initiatives that has been done in that business specifically. Can you walk
us through what you've been doing on the optical side, particularly as it relates to temporary versus
permanent measures as well as if there's any weighting towards carrier versus the enterprise portions of
those businesses? And as we see revenues come back in that business, is there any way you can gauge
expectations relative to the profitability now versus, let's say, a year ago, assuming apples-to-apples
revenue profile?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

I think from an overall standpoint, we're seeing both growth in the carrier and in the enterprise business.
Of course, the enterprise piece is a lot of what being grown from cloud computing, hyperscale data
centers. Some of the traditional enterprise pieces are more impacted by the economy. You're not seeing
that as much. But we're really seeing growth in both parts of those businesses. And from an operational
standpoint, I mean, I think what's important to note is, is that even though our revenues were down. We
didn't change our ability to supply that because we always knew it was going to come back. And there's
costs that you carry during those kind of periods. And how do you fill those factories back up, you see
expansions from a margin standpoint. And we saw that in the third and fourth quarter of this year, and
we'd expect to see that going forward.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Yes. And also, Joe, you have another dynamic. I think Tony nailed it, which is, as you expect, as revenues
expand, we would expect our margins to expand. There's another factor in Opto that can always impact
your quarter-to-quarter type of variability, which is what precisely are the operators or enterprise players
buying. When they buy our more complicated, highly engineered solutions when they buy those, our
profitability is higher, right? And then if you're just buying fiber and cable. It depends what's specific size
of cable. And so mix starts to play a real role in Opto when you think about it from quarter-to-quarter. But
if you step back, I think Tony has nailed the fundamentals here, which is as we fill, we would expect the
incrementals to be good.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Nice quarter and glad to be active on the stock again. You've had another quarter to think about the
strategy in semiconductors. You've got the lens business and Specialty Materials, and it's benefiting from
EUV and you put Hemlock in other, and it doesn't really benefit from any, I think, special trends going on
in the semiconductor market. So and it just looks like an opportunistic good deal at this point. Is there
more to within that?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

So first, I'm just having flashbacks to almost a decade ago when you were telling me what we needed to
do is make sure we ended up with Hemlock because it fit so much better with us and the silicone side fit
so much better with Dow. And so we finally got it done, John. It just took us a while.

So yes, we feel good about it. For sure, the economics on that deal are incredibly good, and we really
like that. But actually, your insight from all those years ago, I think is right and we're going to run
some experiments here to try to see, can we make more of a difference to Hemlock. Can we, with our
capabilities, make it accelerate or vice versa? We really are interested in can we address some of the
significant issues there are with lack of domestic production of solar here in the U.S. So there's a number

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CORNING INCORPORATED FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

of, I think -- there's a number of significant opportunities. It's too early to say, will they work out or not.
And sometimes, and I'd love to have a conversation with you about any ideas that you have on it as well,
given how long you've advocated for this.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. We will definitely do that, John, and we will get back with you on some of those ideas. And all I would
say is that in the short term, all the financial attractiveness of this deal is absolutely paying out as we
expected it to. As you know, we didn't put any money into this transaction and Hemlock generates a lot of
cash. And so what debt they had, they've mostly started -- we'll pay back within a year, in fact, pay back a
lot of it in the fourth quarter. They generate approximately $150 million of annual cash flow. So we're very
excited from a financial standpoint and also from a strategic standpoint.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And maybe just an easier financial question. So you guided for 2021 CapEx, roughly flat with 2020. Do
you still expect it to be relatively modest through 2023, which -- that was your target, I think, at the
Investor Day.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think what happens through 2023, of course, depends a lot on how much growth that we get and
how much growth capital that we have to put in, build capital that we have to put in over the next several
years. And the good news is any build capital. I mean, first of all, it comes with growth. And secondly, it
comes with a pretty significant customer commitments.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

I just had 2 quick questions. First, on the 25 points of outperformance for Specialty Materials versus
mobile device sales last year, can you sort of put that in perspective, where maybe there's some
unusualness to the outperformance, what maybe a normal rate of change would be versus markets, et
cetera? And then just as a follow-up, when you talk about the bullishness with optical, how much are you
factoring in the recent auctions on the rural side and the 5G side into that bullishness? Or is this before
thinking about those things?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

I think on the specialty side, you can always expect us to outperform because of the more Corning
strategy, putting more content, higher value content in. What the rate of that is, I think you're quite wise
to say, well, that could depend on which particular products are working really well for our end customers
and how much of that has our newest technology is different types of our technology.

And that gets a lot harder to predict because you not only have to call the total market, but then which
OEMs sort of win in that market as well as which of our technologies play. But I think, overall, you could
think about it as we will outperform, it's just a little too early in the year to give you some insight as to
like how much to outperform, Steven. I'm sorry on that. And then on Opto, you're right to identify it, it is
definitely a positive, but it is just one of the sort of number of positive impacts and announcements that
you're seeing from our key customers.

It's never been -- as Tony said, it's never been that we did it -- we believe strongly that our customers
would have to build and invest to meet the very strong demand. What we wanted to do, though, is before

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CORNING INCORPORATED FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

we predicted when it would come. We wanted to see it in our sales. We wanted to see it in our order book.
We wanted to see the projects actually start. And so that's what we're seeing. And that's why we're saying
it.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

Joel, we'll take 1 last question.

Operator

And that question is from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes. I appreciate it. I've just got 1 question, and that is -- mainly, I guess, aimed at Tony. Tony, we're
looking at the cash flow conversion of EBITDA in the fourth quarter, and it's lower than we anticipated. We
see the working capital release a little lower than last year. So that's one of the drivers that normally, we
see pretty good conversion in Q4. I assume maybe there's COVID related impacts, et cetera. But I wonder
if you could dig into the color on that a little bit more for us and help us understand the dynamics of the
cash flow conversion, whether it's one-off in nature and kind of some of those things go away as we move
into the year here?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Actually, we were quite pleased with our cash flow conversion in the back half of the year. Compared
to NPAT, which is the way a lot of people talk about the cash flow conversion I mean our cash flow and our
NPAT was the same number in the fourth quarter, and it was -- and our cash flow was a little bit better
than our NPAT in the third quarter. So I mean we were real happy with the cash flow conversion. And in
terms of some of the specifics there, Rod, when we talk to you later today, I'd be happy to walk through it
with you.

But overall, we were very excited about our cash flow conversion. And frankly, that's a question that a lot
of our investors have asked us over the last couple of years, and it's something that we've been focused
on. And this is what happens when we're not in a build cycle. We generate a lot of operating cash flow. We
generate a lot of free cash flow, and we saw that in the back half of this year. We expect to see more of
that in '21.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

And thank you all for joining us this morning. Before we close, I just wanted to let you know that we will
attend the Goldman Sachs 2021 Virtual Tech and Internet Conference on February 11, the UBS West Coast
conference on February 23 and the Morgan Stanley Technology Media and Telecom Conference on March
1.

And a replay of today's call will be available on our site starting later this morning. Operator, that
concludes our call, please disconnect all lines.

Operator
This concludes our call for today. Thank you for attending.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CORNING INCORPORATED FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

