Corning Incorporated NYSE:GLW
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 26, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.58

0.56

(3.45 %)

0.57

2.13

2.40

Revenue  (mm)

3629.62

3639.00

0.26

3622.47

14007.12

14705.23

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-26-2021 4:06 AM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.49

0.43

0.51

0.58

0.52

0.45

0.53

0.56

6.12 %

4.65 %

3.92 %

(3.45 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor
Relations

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Matthew Niknam
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter 3 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]

It is my pleasure to introduce to you, Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to Corning's Quarter 3 Earnings Call. With me today
are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive President and Chief Strategy Officer.

I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially. These factors are
detailed in the company's financial reports.

You should also note that we'll be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures,
unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are
non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business.

For the third quarter, the largest differences between our GAAP and core results stemmed from noncash
mark-to-market losses associated with the company's currency hedging contracts and noncash impairment
charges.

With respect to mark-to-market adjustments, GAAP accounting requires earnings translation hedge
contracts and foreign debt settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded at current value at
the end of each quarter, even though these contracts will not be settled in the current quarter.

For us, this decreased GAAP earnings in Q3 by $16 million. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting
has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate
fluctuations and provide higher certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth
and our future shareholder distributions.

Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a constant currency
rate aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We're very pleased with our hedging
program and the economic certainty it provides. We received more than $1.7 billion in cash under our
hedge contracts since their inception more than 5 years ago. A reconciliation of core results to the
comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You
may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center.
Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They're also
available on our website for downloading.

And now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported strong third quarter results that
continue a year of outstanding sales growth, margin expansion and significant cash generation. Sales
grew 21% year-over-year to $3.6 billion, a new all-time high. Gross margin expanded 50 basis points
sequentially and 70 basis points year-over-year to 38.3%. EPS grew 30% year-over-year to $0.56. And
free cash flow of $0.5 billion brought cumulative free cash generation for the first 9 months of 2021 to
$1.3 billion.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Our outstanding results in this period of global disruption are due to excellent execution at all levels of the
company. And they're driven by a compelling set of long-term growth opportunities that we're capturing
through our innovations and broad market access, as we strengthen our commercial relationships and
scale operations to meet demand.

Like everyone, we're dealing with numerous factors caused by the pandemic and the resulting inflation.
In this quarter, the largest macro impact was constraints in the automotive industry, stemming from chip
and component shortages. Auto production in the third quarter is estimated to be down nearly 20% year-
over-year and 9% sequentially. As a result, we stepped down in light-duty sales. Across our businesses,
we prioritized delivering for our customers in a complex inflationary environment, and we have delivered
despite incurring extra costs.

Now we're taking additional actions, including pricing, to address these costs and maintain our ability to
invest and support our customers. And you'll hear more from Tony on this in just a few minutes.

Against this backdrop, we feel really good about our performance. In the quarter, announcements with
industry leaders illustrated the power of our portfolio, demonstrating not only our relevance across
multiple markets but also our role as a key innovation partner.

Our strong position stems from a complementary set of 3 core technologies for proprietary manufacturing
and engineering platforms and 5 market access platforms. We're leaders in each. We generate growth
opportunities by delivering combinations and new applications of these capabilities to help our customers
to drive their industries forward. And in doing so, we drive more Corning content into the products people
are already buying.

Let me share some highlights from the quarter. In Optical Communications, the industry is in the early
innings of large deployments in support of 5G, broadband and the cloud. Momentum is building, and we
see it confirm high multiple sources. First is network need. Demand on networks is significantly higher
than pre-pandemic levels. Broadband usage for September was up 32% versus pre-pandemic levels and
up 9% versus September 2020, when remote work and school were largely in play.

Global 5G subscriptions have grown to almost $0.5 billion this year. More applications are moving to the
cloud and global data creation is expected to grow at 23% compound annual growth rate from 2020 to
2025. Versus 2020, cloud revenue industry-wide is up nearly 50%. The second confirmation of strong
industry momentum can be seen in the announcements from leading companies. On AT&T's earnings call
last week, their CEO said they're on a march to deploy fiber at scale. We are working toward passing 5
million homes per year.

In the quarter, we announced a strategic investment to support their growth plans. Speaking about
our expanded collaboration. AT&T said the expansion of fiber infrastructure is central to the growth of
broadband reach for consumers as well as business customers. France recently shared that they plan to
reach 10 million more homes with fiber by the end of 2025 with their CEO saying, "Our future is fiber."

Cloud deployments are also expanding. Microsoft CEO said that over the past year, they've added new
data center clusters in 15 countries across 5 continents in support of their cloud business. The third
confirmation is our substantial increase in sales and continued order book momentum. This is perhaps the
most important indicator of growth over the next few quarters.

We are full. We are ramping capacity and we are energized. Across the business, we're driving strong
year-over-year sales growth, and we're outperforming the optical market as we continue to commercialize
innovations that extend our competitive advantage. And as we provide more solutions to more customers
at both the regional and national levels.

During the quarter, we introduced the newest additions to our Evolv portfolio, which includes solutions
designed to support real deployments. We also introduced our Everon millimeter wave indoor small
cell systems, which deliver 5G-ready coverage in high-density environments, including office buildings,
factories, hotels, hospitals and classrooms.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Let's turn to mobile consumer electronics. Here, we're helping transform the smartphone experience. As
we help our customers deliver new value to their users, we drive more of our content into each device
sold. I displayed out well during the quarter with the launch of Samsung's Galaxy Z Fold3 and Galaxy Z
Flip3. Both devices feature Gorilla Glass Victus.

Now they also utilize our new Gorilla Glass with DX on the lenses of the rear cameras. This is more
Corning in action. We've expanded our capabilities into a new category, device cameras. Even though
the lens is a fraction of the surface area we address with our cover materials. The value we add is high,
and we're capturing a very attractive opportunity to increase our revenue per device. Samsung is also
featuring Gorilla Glass with DX on the new Galaxy Watch4.

Turning to automotive. OEMs are designing cleaner, safer vehicles and distinguishing themselves with
technologies that enhance the driving experience. Corning is uniquely sued to address these trends. And
we're pursuing $100 per car content opportunity across emissions and auto glass solutions.

In the quarter, Jeep announced a product that brings our top technical glass into their iconic vehicles, the
new Jeep performance parts windshield featuring Gorilla Glass is now a factory installed option on the
2021 Wrangler and Gladiator. We're making the windshields lightweight, durable and up to 3x more impact
resistant than regular windshields.

Additionally, tighter emissions regulations continue to provide a strong content opportunity for our
environmental solutions. OEMs need higher filtration performance, and we responded with a new
generation of gasoline particulate filters. The importance of our GPF business drives home my ongoing
point. It's not about more cars, it's about more Corning in those cars. Since 2017, our auto sales are up
more than 40%, while global car sales are down 20%.

Turning to display. We're in a position of strength for 2 reasons. First, we are significantly more profitable
than our competitors. Second, the market for large-sized TVs is projected to grow at a double-digit
compound annual growth rate through 2024. And we're the leader in Gen 10.5, which is the most
economical approach for larger sets.

Stepping back. We've all seen the declines in panel pricing, and we're beginning to see panel maker
utilization adjustments. Now longer demand provides us an opportunity to minimize expedited freight
and to rebuild tanks that have operated beyond end of life. Taking these actions will allow us to keep our
supply balance to demand.

We expect the overall glass supply to remain tight, and the glass pricing environment to remain attractive.
Tony will give you more details on our industry position and our outlook.

Finally, in Life Sciences, we're delivering growth on multiple fronts. We're seeing ongoing demand in
support of the global pandemic response. And our inventions are helping advance the transition to cell and
gene-based therapies. Additionally, we're making progress on our multibillion dollar content opportunity
in pharmaceutical packaging. We're expanding our comprehensive portfolio, advancing key partnerships
and building our custom base. Corning continues to support the pandemic response and its portfolio of
advanced vials and pharmaceutical glass tubing has enabled the delivery of more than 3 billion doses of
COVID-19 vaccines. Our high-volume manufacturing facility in North Carolina is now operational, which
will help us scale with demand.

In total, we believe our efforts to address the pandemic are enabling permanent industry shifts. That
means a future pharmaceutical packaging landscape defined by enhanced patient safety, lower cost,
minimal regulatory hurdles and increased capacity for life-saving drugs.

Other efforts that have gained increased attention during pandemic are finding broader long-term
applications. We introduced Corning Guardiant, a paint additive that uses a glass matrix to trapped copper
ions, a powerful and long used antimicrobial material. Paint with Guardiant has been proven to kill 99.9%
of bacteria and viruses, including the 1 that causes COVID-19. This month, PPG announced that their
copper armor paint, powered by Guardiant received EPA registration and will be available in major U.S.
retail and home improvement stores. PPG noted that it's the first virus killing paint in the United States.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

And our collaboration builds on an EPA statement ascertain that public health would benefit from surfaces
with built-in antimicrobial capabilities.

Stepping back. I am proud of the many ways our people unleased the power of our portfolio in the quarter
and what our performance says about Corning's strong position today. Key trends are converging around
our capabilities as we become more and more vital to industry transformations driving the world forward.
This provides a compelling set of long-term growth opportunities. And we're executing well to bring those
opportunities to life and make a difference wherever we can. So I want to thank our dedicated employees
for their contributions.

Now I'll close by briefly looking back at 2019, when we outlined our priorities for growth and shareholder
returns for the next several years. We provided attractive targets as we laid out our plans to build an even
bigger, stronger company that delivers sustainable results. Today, the growth drivers we laid out remain
intact and we're delivering on our goals. We are a bigger, stronger company than we were in 2019, and
we are continuing to grow. Tony will get into more specifics. But I feel really good about our position and
the progress that we've made. I look forward to updating you when we close out a strong year and as we
grow again in 2022.

Now I'll turn the call over to Tony so that he can give you some more insight on the quarter.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Wendell, and good morning, everyone. Strong execution resulted in another outstanding
quarter. We are on track to reach $14 billion in sales and over $2 in EPS. We're making significant progress
extending our market leadership while scaling operations to meet demand, and we expect to grow again
in 2022. During the third quarter, sales increased 21% year-over-year to $3.6 billion, led by the strength
in Optical Communications and the strong performance in our other businesses. EPS grew 30% year-over-
year to $0.56. Sales and earnings reflect lower production levels in the automotive industry due to the
semiconductor chip shortage. The impact to Corning's results was approximately $40 million in sales and
$0.02 of EPS.

Gross margin percent expanded 50 basis points sequentially and 70 basis points year-over-year to 38.3%
despite a net impact of 150 basis points from supply chain challenges and inflationary headwinds. Free
cash flow grew to $497 million with cash generation of $1.3 billion for the first 9 months of the year.

Now these achievements are particularly noteworthy because we are operating in the face of
unprecedented logistical challenges and component shortages. Delivering for customers in this complex
environment requires both decisive action and agility. Our ability to sense disruption and act quickly
has been key to running our plants well and meeting our customers' needs. And we're leveraging our
diversified global supply chain to continue to meet customer demand.

In fact, I'd be remiss if I didn't recognize the efforts of our global supply management and operations
teams that have allowed us to maintain a steady supply of raw materials while finding creative shipping
strategies. Their actions have enabled us to effectively deliver for our customers, and they're providing
actionable insight into the current dynamic environment.

At the same time, we continue to incur additional costs as we work to meet strong customer demand. And
while we've been taking actions to mitigate them, certain costs continue to elevate in the third quarter. For
example, we were able to offset a significant portion of elevated freight costs, but resin prices increased
again. Therefore, our margin is temporarily muted. Given this ongoing inflationary environment, we have
price increases underway across all of our businesses. We saw some benefit from these actions in the third
quarter and their impact should accelerate in the fourth quarter and into 2022.

Now we don't expect the environment to improve in the short term, but our digital supply chain
capabilities enable real-time visibility into emerging situations, allowing us to proactively address the
issues. We remain focused on meeting demand, expanding our margins and protecting our ability to invest
for customers.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Now let's take a closer look at the performance in each of our businesses during the third quarter. In
Display Technologies, sales were $956 million, up 2% sequentially and 16% year-over-year. Corning's
glass volume grew slightly and glass prices increased moderately sequentially as expected. Glass supply
continues to be tight, and we continue to do everything we can to meet customer demand.

We expect fourth quarter glass prices to be consistent with the third quarter. Now I know there's a lot of
discussion about the display industry. Briefly, we expect the pricing environment to remain favorable as
glass supply remains tight to balanced throughout 2022. Now as we've discussed previously, we based
our perspective on what will happen in the display market on 3 main factors: retail demand, panel makers
production and glass makers' ability to supply the panel makers. With those factors in line, I'll start with
what I said about retail demand on our last earnings call in July.

Since LCD televisions emerged as a mainstream technology in 2004, LCD TV units have only been down
3 times and never 2 years in a row. Since 2014, TV sell-through units are typically range bound between
225 million and 235 million, which average screen size grows about 1.5 inches a year.

In 2020, global television units increased 4% above the trend line to about $242 million. Screen size
growth was about 1.2 inches, about 20% below trend. A lot of smaller TVs sold probably to accommodate
more people living, working and studying from home.

Entering this year, we expected and continue to expect the market to revert the trend, implying a
decrease in TV units, especially smaller televisions and for normal screen size growth of 1.5 inches to
return. With that we now have 9 months of retail data under our belts, and it is confirmatory.

Television units declined by about 10% year-over-year while average screen size growth is in line with the
1.5 inches per year trend. Unit volume for TVs 65 inches and larger increased by a mid-teen percentage,
and smaller TVs were down by a mid-teen percentage. So 3 quarters through the year, our expectation for
TV units being down year-over-year and screen size growing approximately 1.5 inches are playing out.

Now looking ahead to 2022, we think TV units and screen size will continue to follow historical trends and
retail glass demand will be up. That means television units will be within the typical range of 225 million to
235 million units and average screen size will grow about 1.5 inches.

Now remember, television units, which are declining this year have never declined 2 years in a row. And
next year is a World Cup year, and TV units have never declined in a World Cup year. Finally, the biggest
driver of retail glass growth in most years is the increase in screen size. We would expect the average
screen size to once again grow 1.5 inches next year.

In summary, we expect glass demand at retail to be up by a high single-digit percentage in 2022 as
measured in square feet. Now let's move from retail to panel makers. After a period of high production
in 2020 and 2021 to meet strong demand, we are now seeing panel makers temporarily reducing their
utilization given the lower 2021 retail demand that we told you about all year. And that is happening just
as we would expect.

Now finally, let's move to the glass industry, which struggled to meet demand in 2020 and 2021 as glass
has remained tight. Like other glass makers, we've depleted our inventories, expedited shipping and
operated tanks beyond their targeted in the life.

We will use this period of temporarily lower panel maker utilizations to shut down end-of-life tanks
and rebuild them with our latest technology. We will also take the opportunity to work our way out of
expedited shipping. These actions keep our supply balanced to demand and will improve our operating
cost going forward.

But rest assured, we will still have capacity to supply all of our customers' anticipated glass demand.
When panel maker production ramps to meet the expected high single-digit retail demand growth in 2022,
we will be fully prepared with our revitalized fleet of tanks.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Overall, we believe glass supply will be tightly balanced throughout 2022. And since glass pricing is
primarily driven by glass supply-demand balance, we expect the pricing environment to remain favorable
in Q4 and also throughout 2022.

Moving to Optical Communications. We saw strong growth across the business with sales exceeding $1.1
billion, up 24% year-over-year and 5% sequentially. Net income was $139 million, up 21% year-over-
year. Net income declined 6% sequentially as increased raw material and shipping costs significantly
impacted profitability.

During the quarter, carriers spent more on 5G and broadband projects. This, along with the continued
strong pace of enterprise cloud data center builds drove our strong performance. Demand on networks is
at an all-time high, setting the stage for significant investments in fiber infrastructure as operators expand
network capacity, capabilities and access.

During the quarter, we announced a collaboration with AT&T. Our capacity expansion will allow AT&T
to expand investments in fiber infrastructure, expand U.S. broadband networks and accelerate 5G
deployment. We are well positioned to capture significant ongoing growth and network and data center
investment increases. Our solutions improve the speed and capital efficiency deployments. Additionally,
Corning is the only large-scale end-to-end manufacturer of optical solutions, which allows us to innovate
on important dimensions not available to competitors.

In Environmental Technologies, our third quarter sales were $385 million, up 2% year-over-year and down
5% sequentially. As everyone knows, chip shortages is having a big impact on the auto industry. At the
start of 2021, global vehicle production was expected to be about 88 million. By July, the industry was
projecting below 85 million. And given continued chip and component constraints, forecasts now anticipate
auto production around 75 million for the year. This pullback in production began to impact us in the
middle of third quarter, and we expect it to continue for the fourth quarter. We estimate an impact on EPS
in the third quarter of about $0.02, and we expect additional impact in the fourth quarter. The good news
is that when component shortages resolved, auto production will recover because the end market demand
remains strong, and we will be prepared to meet the growing demand.

Specialty Materials delivered sales of $556 million, up 15% sequentially and in line with the strong third
quarter in 2020 when we introduced Ceramic Shield. We've grown specialty sales every year from 2016 to
today, despite smartphone unit sales being roughly flat. Over that 5-year period, we've almost doubled our
sales on a base of more than $1 billion. Clearly, we're successfully executing our objective of driving more
content into each device sold. And strong demand continues for our premium cover materials.

During the quarter, our glass innovations were featured in 30 new devices, including smartphones,
wearables and laptops. Demand also remains strong for our advanced optics content used in
semiconductor manufacturing as the broader end market continues to experience robust growth.

In the quarter, investments in innovations that are moving towards commercialization resulted in lower
net income than in 2020. As we've noted before, newer innovations can face high cost as we develop and
scale our manufacturing process. We anticipate that profitability will improve as we come up the learning
curve and improve utilization. Looking into the fourth quarter, we're seeing typical volume declines in
Gorilla Glass following the build supporting flagship customer product launches.

Life Sciences third quarter sales were $305 million, up 37% year-over-year, driven by ongoing demand to
support the global pandemic response, continued recovery in the academic and pharmaceutical research
labs and strong demand for bioproduction vessels and diagnostic-related consumables. Our Life Sciences
segment is outpacing the overall industry as evidenced by a sales CAGR of 9% over the last 3 years.

Stepping back, we have made strong progress across all of our businesses. We entered new product
categories, announced collaborations with key industry leaders and contributed to significant industry
advancements. We're building a strong foundation for future growth. This, combined with our consistent
focus on innovation and deep commitment to RD&E is what continues to fuel and sustain Corning's
leadership position across its markets.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

As we look ahead to Q4, we expect core sales to be in the range of $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion and core EPS
in the range of $0.50 to $0.55. Profitability is expected to decline sequentially due to the further reduction
on automotive-related sales, as I mentioned, and lower Gorilla Glass sales following strong customer
launches. That said, we expect to close out 2021 with both top and bottom line growth and another year
of strong cash flow. And we expect our momentum to continue in 2022 with sales and EPS growth along
with strong cash generation.

Now I'd like to expand on Wendell's closing point. Back in 2019, we outlined our goals for growth and
shareholder returns. We said we would leverage our focused and cohesive portfolio to extend our
leadership and capture significant growth opportunities, and we said that key trends would continue to
converge around our capabilities.

What we said back in 2019 still rings true to date, despite the pandemic and the resulting global
disruptions. Our key growth drivers are all intact. Some are even accelerating. And we're on track or even
ahead of the goals we laid out in 2019 in all our market access platforms. Since 2019, sales have grown at
a 10% CAGR and ahead of the 6% to 8% target.

Now we have been growing EPS at a rate consistent with sales, which puts us ahead of our target which --
I mean, puts us behind our target because inflationary pressures are clearly impacting profitability. But we
do expect that our cost and pricing actions will deliver significant improvement over time.

As we said we would do, we're also growing our return on invested capital. Today, our total company ROIC
is in the double digits. Our most recent capacity expansions or as we like to call them, build investments
are fully ramped, have enabled the $2.5 billion of sales we've added since 2019 and are delivering more
than 20% ROIC. Our aggregate free cash flow generation for 2020 and 2021 is expected to be more than
$2.5 billion.

Finally, we remain steadfast in our commitment to investing in growth and extending our leadership
while returning excess cash to shareholders through share repurchases and a 10% annual increase in our
dividend. As you might remember, we decided early in the pandemic to ensure the stability and flexibility
of our financial position by building up our cash reserve. In April, we resumed share buybacks with the
Samsung transaction where we repurchased 4% of our fully diluted shares. Consistent with our strategy to
opportunistically buy back shares, we plan to do more repurchases in Q4.

In summary, we've built a strong foundation over the last several years. Our capabilities are relevant
to major growth trends across our markets. Our More Corning strategy is working, and we're executing
through some very volatile end markets, expanding relationships and commitments with our customers
extending our leadership position and generating outstanding sales, profits and free cash flow.

With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Tony. Michelle, we're ready for our first question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt Niknam with Deutsche Bank.

Matthew Niknam
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Just 2, if I could. First, on the price increases. You mentioned increases across all units. I'm just
wondering if you can give us maybe a little bit more color in terms of how we should anticipate that to
flow through? I know you initiated some of these in 3Q, but I'm wondering how to think about the cadence
and the flow-through there, order of magnitude? And then just wondering if this is really intended to
effectively pass through the entirety of some of the cost pressure you're facing or whether it's just a
portion of that?

And then just secondarily, as we think about capital allocation, Tony, maybe to your last point around
doing a little bit more on buybacks in 4Q. I'm just wondering if you could refresh us in terms of how you're
thinking about leverage, where you'd like to be? And ultimately, how you see Corning sort of getting closer
to that 2x leverage target you've laid out in the past?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

So first on in terms of the price increases, I mean, clearly, our priorities over the last several -- last
year or so with the pandemic is to protect our people and protect our customers. And we have been
doing a great job on that, on those priorities. And we saw it in Q3, which is an incredibly challenging
environment, but it required decisive action and agility, and we had to act quickly, and we've done that.
And I'm personally very proud of what all the work we've done as a company and is what you'd expect at
Corning.

But what tends to happen in this environment is that you see some places where we made improvements
on -- from a cost and freight standpoint and others that have gone up and all of this comes at a cost. So
our goal here is to increased prices across all of our businesses. We've had about 150 basis point impact
for the last several quarters. I'd expect that to continue for -- in the next quarter and then for it to get
better over time. But the actual timing and prediction of that is just hard to know because there's so many
moving pieces.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

So we tried to do, Matt, on pricing here is you have a range of what could happen with inflationary
pressures. And then we have a range of what could happen with our pricing in each of our different
businesses and even in each of our different products. And what we've tried to do is capture those within
the guidance that we just gave for quarter 4. And as we continue to gain experience on both, we would
expect to get better and better at being able to narrow those ranges and improve our ability to give you a
good idea on how this will impact your models.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

And then in terms of -- from a balance sheet standpoint, I mean, clearly, we have a very strong set of
goals from a balance sheet standpoint and then what amount of leverage we're comfortable with, and in
particular, very long maturities from a leverage standpoint. We do have the longest maturity in the S&P
500. And that overall approach has not really changed.

But we're right, we're still being impacted by what's happening from a global economic standpoint.
So we're going to continue to kind of work through where things go. And the good news is that we're

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

generating tremendous amount of free cash flow. And with that free cash flow, that gives us the ability to
invest in the business but also to return cash to shareholders.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Tony. Next question?

Operator

Our next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I guess I wanted to ask you on optical communication and kind of what you're seeing from a demand
perspective there. We've heard about a lot of kind of the overall sentiment around demand coming from a
lot of the broadband connectivity around the government-subsidized plan. Is the delay on the government
side driving any slowdown there? And just moving over to capacity there. You've outlined the expansion
capacity as well recently. Just help us understand, if you can, the magnitude of that expansion and its
potential impact on margin as you build that capacity up as well.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

So Samik, I want to make sure that I understand your question. So you are asking how do we feel about
the growth in the business. And as that growth occurs, how do we feel about our margin expansion as that
capacity ramps? Do I understand your question correctly, Samik?

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. And the only addition to that is the deal in the government infrastructure plan driving any slowdown
in terms of interest from customers.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Great. So first, as I've laid out in my comments, we feel that the growth here in the business is very
strong. You saw it, I think in the quarter, we did about $1.1 billion of revenue. Our order book was in
excess of that, is stronger than that rate. So that gives you an idea of the demand that we're seeing right
now. And that is before there's any passage of -- that's in the bipartisan infrastructure bill on what it is the
government wants to do with broadband.

So that will layer on top of the demand that we're seeing that is largely already serving commercial and
customer opportunities. So that's how we feel about demand. All those long-term trends that we see, they
look like they're all continuing in both cloud and carrier networks.

Now margin. So in margin expansion, this is a segment where we -- given the really strong demand,
we have had a lot of expedited shipping. We've had a lot of challenges around freight, and we've had
accelerating raw material costs. So we haven't been putting quite the increase in our margins that you
would normally expect as we fill up, right?

That's one of the reasons that we're going to be addressing price with our customers who we have done
all these long-term build investments with. And hopefully, what that's going to do is get the type of margin
growth that you would expect with our rising revenue growth, Samik. Does that make sense to you, sir?

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Operator

Our next question comes from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Wendell, at the risk of continuing on this topic. I'm just curious, can we dig more into the inflationary
environment? I'm trying to understand, and you guys have a really great perspective, I think, of how
transitory versus permanent shift you're seeing out there? And what should we watch given the impact to
your margins? What specifically should we watch closely to see if things are starting to improve?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Great. So great question, Shannon. I would say if you had asked us when this all began sort of, like,
quarter 2, like quarter 3, like in that time period. We would have said this is probably transitory, and our
top priorities are to protect our people and protect our customers and spend what it takes to make that
happen. We want to keep our customers running, we want to keep our people safe. And this too shall
pass. And our normal great job that we do reducing costs will trigger in and we got this.

And actually, it is mainly through conversations with our supply chain head as well as our investors that
have led us to look at this and say, this may last longer than we had thought. And that this looks like we
could continue to have challenged supply chains for the foreseeable future.

And what we needed to do was add to our priorities that we also needed to protect our investors and our
ability to invest for the future, which in turn allows us to want and protect our people and protect our
customers. And so as we've looked at it that way, that is what has led us to start to externalize that cost
pressure.

We began in quarter 3. We've got a lot further to go. So I think the thing to look at is pretty simply, how
do we do getting our profitability working in the way you would expect when we have revenue growth
because we're expecting to grow normal us as we grow because we actually make things for a living or
you would expect our margins to improve. And so that -- I think that's the key thing that we're looking at,
has to see that as well as we have detailed plans like by customer, by product, by region. And all that is
getting rolled out, is already in motion.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Okay. And then I'm curious what your initial conversations with some of the customers in areas where
you're raising prices now? Have -- is the feeling out there that everything is going up in price, so they're
absorbing it? Or how much pushback are you getting from price increases?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Well, it's a little early to tell to generalize on that. A lot depends on the customer, right? We've had some
who have said, "Yes, I was expecting this." Right? We have others who say, "Thank you very much for
sharing. But -- we'd rather you fix this on your own."

But we'll work our way through it. I think the key thing always to understand about how we are with our
customers. As these are very long-term partnerships, right? And we invest for the long term, and we ask
for strong commitments from them, and they ask for strong commitments for us. But we face that future.

All of us are looking at the future when we make these investments in innovation and our plans, that is a
little uncertain and so the way we always try to work through things with our customers is, okay, this is
where we're at. This is reality. How do we work through it together in a way that allows you, our customer
to continue to succeed and allows us to continue to support that success. And that's sort of the tone and
attitude that we bring to it and that our customers engage in that same dialogue and it will all play out.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

And I'm certain that as we work our way through it, we'll reach a fair resolution of what happened. We
operate in an inflationary environment at least for a period of time, which neither our customers nor us
have had a lot of experience with.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

I was wondering if maybe you could put some numbers around all that commentary. So like if I look at
optical, for example, your revenues were up 5% quarter-over-quarter, but your margins were 12.3%
versus 13.8% in the prior quarter. So how much exactly was the pressure from all those extra costs and
adding new capacity hindering margins when volumes are going up?

And then same question on pricing for display. You're saying it's consistent with prior quarter. I assume
that's like flat 0% change in pricing. But last quarter, you were able to pass through some costs. Does that
mean you're not passing through costs this quarter?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Great. So first, in Opto, that margin drag that you've rightly identified, Steve, that's the inflationary
pressures that we have yet to offset with our customers. So I think you're right on it. And what we'd like
to do is see that drag moderate. And as you know, our optical business is big with a lot of customers. So
it's a lot of commercial work to get everything in place, already began and already got rolling in this last
quarter, and we'll gain and accelerate in quarter 4.

So that's what will be about in Opto and you're looking at the right numbers. And that's the numbers you
should expect to improve. In Display, we expect price to be consistent with our raised pricing in quarter 3.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

And in quarter 2.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

And in quarter 2. So we're following sort of a couple of price raises, and we anticipate our price to be
consistent in quarter 4.

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

So that just -- that implies that you're still passing through some of these inflation costs in that price. Is
that correct?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

That is correct.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Congratulations on all the new product wins. You're now on OEM windshield options for a number of Jeep
models versus primarily replacement before. Will the windshield option be packaged with other options.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

So if you want the better stereo and the better seats, you're going to get the Gorilla Glass windshield with
that? Or is it going to be à la carte. And you're on the replacement windshield in the Ford F-150, which is
an even bigger model, do you think that's going to go OEM anytime soon?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

I think that's a great question. I need to follow up to see how is Jeep going to do that. I just need to follow
up. Because right now, it just looks like you want a vehicle, you tend to get them highly bundled. So but I
don't know what the difference is between how they're seeking to optimize there are very few chips, and
how much is really a long-term approach. So let me follow up on that, and we'll get back to you, John.

On windshields, I think -- we'll continue to watch this space. We've got a number of significant innovations
going on to solve the glazing problems that EVs; represent, right? And that autonomy represents. It's
too early, I think, John, for us to -- for me to say definitively to you that we have this, start building in
another large revenue generator for us. But it ought to resolve it, we ought to be able to say that within
the coming 12 months because they're so -- we're doing so much work in that space.

And we're seeing uptake in a number of places of our laminated product and some other innovations that
we have going on. So it's very right to identify, just a little early for us to call the ball, John.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And then could we get an update on Hemlock? It's ironic that we have such strong semiconductor
demand, and we've got the contractual structures in place really that Hemlock is not participating.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

So we're really happy that we are the owners of Hemlock, John. And I think you're like one of the few
people that we have this followed that, that really always understood Hemlock and you always wanted
us to be the owner of Hemlock and finally after all these years we are and we're happy to get it, as you
know, semiconductor demand is strong. I think the other added revenue source that we're now seeing in
Hemlock is in solar, which, as you know, we idled a hunk of our capacity in solar as the U.S. supply chain
sort of ended up downstream of us becoming eroded with the intense competitive environment with China.

We are now seeing really strong demand in solar, and we are doing what you would expect us to do, which
is if a customer wants us to commit capacity to them in solar, we are putting in place those same type
very strong contractual arrangements to be able to make sure as we turn up some of that capacity that
they buy it. And you're going to -- you'll see that in our revenues. And so we feel very good about it, John.
We said, we listened to you even earlier.

Operator

Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. I was wondering when you talk about retail demand in last up high single digits in 2022, do you
expect Corning to grow in line or higher or lower than that? And then I have some follow-ups, please.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Wamsi, I mean, as you know, where a lot of that growth is occurring is in the Gen 10.5 or is in the
large size screen TVs, and that's where us went having 3 out of the 4 Gen 10.5 factories makes a big
difference. So we would expect that, that to continue to positively impact our results in 2022, just like it
has the last couple of years.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Where we tend to think about -- I'm sorry, Wamsi, you had additional questions, sir?

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

No. Please, Wendell, go ahead. And I will follow up.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Okay. So the way we tend to -- I think you're on one of the real key points. So as Tony said, like the 2 key
factors to keep in mind for display and they really drive display are the demand at the retail level, which
we believe will be up single digits next year. And then glass supply/demand balance, which we believe are
going to be tight to balanced in quarter 4 and throughout 2022.

And as a result, we believe the glass environment for pricing is going to continue to be favorable. When
we say tight to balanced what we mean is that we're coming out of this time period, even if we're out of
it yet, where glass has just been very tight, and we have been extending tanks beyond their planned life,
we've had very high expediting costs, and we have delayed technology upgrades really for the last year
plus.

And so what our plan is, is to take any opportunity presented by lower panel maker utilization to take
targeted tanks down for upgrades while improving service levels with lower expediting costs. Now the
timing for these is solely within Corning's control, right?

So first goal is we plan to meet our customers' demand. We are going to continue to protect our
customers and meet the demand that they think they need. But we're also going to get our fleet ready
to lower cost and increase quality for years to come. And as a result, that's what we mean by tight to
balance. Our customers get what they need. And while we get our upgrades done whenever we can. So
that's our approach here. And that's how we feel about display. And while we're providing some insight
into next year as well, when we normally just would have told you what's going to happen next quarter.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

That's helpful, Wendell. And if I could just follow up a clarification question. I think Tony mentioned that in
Q4, you'd expect some seasonal softness in specialty, given some product launch timing in Q3. But I think
you specifically said Gorilla Glass, and I was wondering if that was meant to be as specific as Gorilla Glass
versus Ceramic Shield Or was that meant to be a comment about specialty Gorilla Glass in general?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

So what a very deep question. Tony, what did you mean? I would have thought it meant in total, but you
tell me.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

I absolutely meant in total.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Wamsi, I need you to -- have you asked some really interesting question. I took it in total though.
Good question.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Thanks, Wamsi. Hope we have time for one more question.

Operator

Our last question comes from Tim Long with Barclays.

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe just a 2 parter on display here. Wendell, you just mentioned again the -- some of the moves you're
doing with end-of-lifing, some tanks and some new ones. Could you talk about maybe Tony chime in as
well. What are the kind of cash flow impacts? Are there near-term gross margin impacts that it sounds like
ultimately, it could be a better profitability dynamic. So can you just walk us through the cadence of what
those changes mean to the model?

And then second, can you talk a little bit maybe more high level about PC and display impacts. Obviously,
with pandemic, those probably became a little bit bigger part of the mix? What is the outlook there? And
how do you see that impacting the overall volume dynamic as you look forward?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

I think to the first part of the question, I'll start and let Tony come in. I think from a modeling standpoint,
as we do these upgrades, of course, we're doing it increased quality and lower cost. But the right way to
think about it through your next year would be how you feel revenue plays out, it will pretty much just
play out like that. You won't -- I don't think you'll see any added cost drag or things like that. I just think
you're going to mainly see it with the revenue change. That's what I would say. What do you think, Tony?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I think that's right. I mean, there are some things like the expedited freight cost, for example, that
will not go away. So as we think about the 150 basis points as we go through next year, that will certainly
help us to some degree against that. And you'll see those results in the financials. And then from a cash
flow standpoint, I mean, all of this is a part of our ongoing cash flow capital spending it's not part of a
build cycle or anything like that. So I don't think it will really stand out from a cash flow standpoint.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

And I think great question on PCs and notebooks. As you quite rightly point out, our PC makers had a
really strong demand during the pandemic. What we're seeing right now, we're hearing from them is that
demand is still quite robust, but it's shifting towards commercial rather than consumer demand.

And then as a result, those that are really strong in commercial still find things quite tight. And that's how
they're seeing that play out. And we'd be happy to sit down with you, Tim, if you want, to share how we
view total IT demand come into play and how that plays out in glass, we'd be happy to do that.

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes. Just wondering if you think that's an additional headwind relative to TVs being kind of strong next
year.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Not much. Because like I said, you're seeing consumer back off right? And then we're seeing -- which uses
a certain type of display, which is too deep to go into here, right? And we're seeing commercial, I mean,
big companies with that return to work and those upgrade cycles turn in -- turn up. So I don't view it as

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

a big headwind, one way or the other. But like I said, let's walk through the details with you and that way
you can know our heads at and how that differs from where you see things.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thanks, Tim, and I want to thank everybody for joining us today. Before we close, I wanted to let
you know that we're going to be at the Baird Virtual Global Industrial Conference on November 10. The
Credit Suisse Annual Technology Conference on December 1 and the Barclays Virtual Global Technology
Media and Telecommunications Conference on December 7. Finally, a replay of today's call will be available
on our site starting later this morning. So thanks for joining us. Michelle, you can disconnect all lines.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

