Corning Incorporated NYSE:GLW
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 27, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.51

0.53

Revenue  (mm)

3397.29

3504.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-27-2021 6:46 AM GMT

3.92

3.14

0.57

2.10

2.39

3515.51

13721.00

14398.45

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.38

0.49

0.43

0.51

0.43

0.52

0.45

0.53

SURPRISE

13.16 %

6.12 %

4.65 %

3.92 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor
Relations

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Asiya Merchant
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Mehdi Hosseini
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Meta A. Marshall
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Zhihua Yang
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter 2 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is my
pleasure to introduce you to Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Catherine, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's Quarter 2 2021 Earnings Call. With me
today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer.

I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are
detailed in the company's financial reports.

You should also note that we'll be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures
unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are
non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business.

In the second quarter, GAAP net income was $449 million. However, GAAP EPS was a loss of $0.42 due to
the GAAP accounting treatment required for the transaction entered into with Samsung Display. Let me
take you through why this was the case.

As a reminder, on April 5, 2021, Corning entered into a share repurchase agreement with Samsung
Display. As part of the agreement, Samsung converted preferred stock into common stock, and Corning
immediately repurchased 35 million shares of that common stock from Samsung. The common shares
were then traded on the open exchange, so GAAP requires a special accounting treatment of the
repurchase as an extinguishment of the original preferred shares.

The accounting treatment for an extinguishment of preferred shares is to record the difference between
the repurchase price and the original book value in retained earnings. This adjustment to retained
earnings is also removed from net income available to common shareholders when calculating GAAP
earnings per share. Excluding this, U.S. GAAP EPS would have been $0.52.

Differences between our GAAP and core results can also stem from noncash mark-to-market gains or
losses associated with hedging contracts. They were de minimis this quarter. A reconciliation of core
results to the comparable GAAP values can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website
at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the
Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to
follow along, and they're also available on our website for downloading.

And now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported outstanding second quarter results, and
we're on track for a strong year.

Versus second quarter 2020, sales grew 35% to $3.5 billion. EPS grew 112% to $0.53 on the higher
sales and expanding margins. Free cash flow grew 65% to $471 million, with first half cash generation of
$843 million. No question we're in great shape, and we see a clear growth story playing out across our
businesses. Each of our 5 segments grew sales by a double-digit percentage year-over-year, ranging from
16% for Specialty Materials to 80% for Environmental Technologies.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Now of course, 2020 was an easy compare. So I think it's worth noting that even versus second quarter
of 2019, we grew total company sales and EPS 17% and 18%, respectively. Since the second quarter
of 2019, we've added more than $0.5 billion in quarterly sales. About $200 million is from Hemlock,
and more than $300 million is organic growth, with about 70% of that coming from success of our More
Corning content strategy and outperforming the competition.

The other 30% of organic growth is from rising with the market. In each of our market access platforms,
we're addressing significant and transformational trends. We seek to drive content and expand our total
addressable market by combining capabilities from our focused portfolio and prioritizing opportunities for
More Corning.

Our long-term strategy is built on a complementary set of 3 core technologies, 4 proprietary
manufacturing and engineering platforms and 5 market access platforms. We are leaders in each. And the
synergies among them allow us to create distinctive benefits for our customers, improve the return on our
investments in R&D and reduce our capital intensity.

We create breakthrough products and processes by leveraging the synergies among our core capabilities,
capitalizing on insights we gain through close collaboration with our customers and taking advantage of
our existing plants and pilot facilities for early-stage production. For example, over the past few years, we
have created new-to-the-world products, including Ceramic Shield, tougher Gorilla Glasses, AutoGrade
glass, Valor drug packaging, Gen 10.5 display glass and innovative passive optical solutions that are
dramatically increasing the ease and cost efficiency of network deployments.

But we're not just creators. We're also builders. We do the manufacturing ourselves using processes that
we invent and proprietary equipment that we design and build. When growth opportunities arise and
demand exceeds our existing capacity, we build state-of-the-art plants to manufacture products at scale.
And we locate these plants in close proximity to our customers, a strategy that is likely to continue to pay
off in a post-pandemic world.

We derisk these investments by requiring meaningful commitments from customers, often including
funding before beginning construction. We last detailed our build investments with you in 2019 when we
described our focus, create, build, extend value creation cycle. We pointed out how our build projects were
directly responding to customer needs and commitments.

We knew that carriers like AT&T and Verizon would need more fiber to densify their networks for 5G.
We knew that BOE would need glass for its Gen 10.5 panels, that car companies would need gasoline
particulate filters to meet new regulations, that biotech companies would need high-density cell culture to
support gene therapy and that smartphone OEMs would need increasingly durable scratch-resistant cover
glass as they design thinner phones and bigger cameras.

We told you these build projects would increase our capacity to meet committed demand and that as we
delivered on that demand, they would increase our revenue and generate excellent returns.

We are delivering. Today, the build projects we undertook from 2016 to 2019 are collectively delivering
return on invested capital above 20%. They've helped us increase our sales run rate from $10 billion in
2015 and 2016 to our current run rate of $14 billion. And they've helped us improve total company ROIC
by 3 percentage points.

Importantly, each time we build, we increase our scale, and we enhance the opportunity to extend our
leadership and create new innovations. And because we're constantly improving our productivity and
capabilities, we can often manufacture these innovations and drive revenue growth without building new
facilities. Now we actually spend most of our time in this extend part of the cycle. It's where we are today.
In this phase, we keep creating and extending until we're so successful that demand exceeds our capacity.

As we reapply our insights and repurpose our assets, our best-in-the-world capabilities just keep getting
better. Every time we pursue an adjacent opportunity, we explore new combinations of capabilities. We
push the boundaries in areas where we already lead, and we cross-train our people in deep and important
ways. In other words, we've created a positive feedback loop that expands our knowledge, increases the
relevance of our capabilities and enhances our value to customers. And this directly fuels our content

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

strategy. We aren't exclusively relying on people buying more stuff. We're putting more Corning into the
products that people are already buying.

With that in mind, let's look at some of the initiatives we're advancing across our market-access platforms.
In Mobile Consumer Electronics, we continue to help transform the way people interact with and use their
devices. We capture growth by increasing the value we offer on each of those devices.

In the quarter, consistent with our strategy to obtain customer commitments in support of build initiatives,
Apple awarded Corning an additional $45 million from its Advanced Manufacturing Fund to help expand
our manufacturing capacity in the United States and to support our R&D. To date, we've received $495
million in total from Apple's fund.

We've also launched another chapter in our More Corning strategy with an important application of our
capabilities to enhance the optics of smartphone cameras, which is a new category for us. The social
media experience is centered around photos. Device designers are adding cameras and increasing lens
size. They're also integrating more advanced capabilities such as telephoto, wide-angle lenses and infrared
sensors.

These features naturally increase the prominence of the lens surface area, which, in turn, increases the
likelihood of scratches and damage, until Corning. Just last week, we announced Gorilla Glass with DX and
DX+ for mobile phone cameras. Our DX family increases image quality and camera durability by providing
a composite glass material that combines low reflection with scratch resistance approaching sapphire.
Samsung is the first adopter.

Turning to automotive. OEMs are designing cleaner and safer vehicles with technology that enhances the
driving experience. We're uniquely suited to address these trends. We're pursuing $100 per car content
opportunity across emissions, precision-glass products and auto-glass solutions.

And we recently entered a new product category in automotive, Curved Mirror Solutions. Our solutions
are enabling the augmented reality head-up display in Hyundai's new electric crossover, the IONIQ 5.
The system essentially turns the windshield into a display screen, letting drivers keep their eyes on the
road while assessing navigation and speed information directly in their line of sight. Additionally, a new
generation of gasoline particulate filters is helping us on our way to surpassing $500 million in annual GPF
sales well ahead of our original time frame.

Turning to Life Sciences. We're delivering growth on multiple fronts. We're seeing ongoing demand in
support of the global pandemic response. Our inventions are helping advance the transition to cell and
gene therapies. And we're making significant strides toward building a Valor Glass franchise, addressing a
multibillion-dollar content opportunity in the pharmaceutical packaging market.

In the second quarter, we further increased Valor production capacity and secured additional customer
wins. We worked with Thermo Fisher and OPTIMA pharma to demonstrate solutions that increase vial-
filling speed by nearly 70%, thereby alleviating a critical bottleneck in the medical supply chain. Our
collaboration features a combination of Corning's Valor vials and OPTIMA's ultra-high-speed fill-and-finish
solutions. Thermo Fisher called the results "a game-changer in their ability to serve patients."

Turning to Display. We've experienced the most favorable pricing environment in more than a decade, and
we announced a second moderate increase to our display glass substrate prices. Stepping back, we're the
lowest-cost producer of display glass, which makes us significantly more profitable than our competitors.
Our superior products, innovation capabilities and deep customer relationships enable us to enhance our
leadership position.

Meanwhile, the emergence of Gen 10.5 has given us a unique opportunity. The market for large-sized TVs
is expected and projected to grow at a double-digit CAGR through 2024. And Gen 10.5 glass provides the
most economical approach for larger sets.

We recently hosted the official opening ceremony for our Gen 10.5 facility in the City of Wuhan. This site
is co-located with a large BOE plant, allowing Corning to deliver Gen 10.5 glass substrates more efficiently
to our customer for its production of large-sized display panels. Gen 10.5 provides strong economics for

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

our shareholders while creating options to use earlier-generation fusion tanks for new applications such as
automotive and cover glass.

To illustrate, remember that we launched our Gorilla Glass business back in 2007 by repurposing some
of our existing fusion assets. Over time, repurposing has resulted in us avoiding more than $1 billion in
capital spending.

Finally, let's look at Optical Communications. We're energized by the momentum that is building in this
business. We see that momentum confirmed by multiple sources. First is network need. Demand on
the network has only been increasing. Broadband usage for June was up 33% versus pre-pandemic
levels and up 10% versus June 2020, which was a peak quarantine period. Global 5G subscriptions have
grown to almost 300 million, and they're on track to double that by the end of 2021 according to industry
projections.

The second confirmation is customer commitments. And many of our customers are actually being quite
public about their plans. We believe we're in the early innings of a large capital deployment cycle across
5G, fiber-to-the-home and hyperscale data centers.

On AT&T's earnings call last week, their CEO said that by year-end, they expect to have expanded
their fiber footprint by 3 million locations, including both business and consumer customers. Deutsche
Telekom's Managing Director recently shared that by 2024, they're planning to have about 10 million
homes passed and 97% 5G coverage. He said, "The expansion of high-performance networks is our top
priority, whether with 5G and mobile communications or fiberoptic broadband expansion. To achieve this,
we are massively increasing the investments in our network." And Microsoft's CEO recently shared his
perspective on expanding data center capacity to meet cloud demand. He said, "Digital adoption curves
aren't slowing down. In fact, they're accelerating, and it's just the beginning."

Of course, the third confirmation is our order book, which is perhaps the most important indicator of
growth over the next few quarters. Here, we're seeing year-over-year growth in double-digit percentages
in both carrier and enterprise networks.

During the quarter, we extended our technology and market leadership in optical communications by
introducing new solutions that speed network deployment. We launched Corning SMF-28 Contour fiber,
which offers an industry-first combination of superior bendability, compatibility with other fibers and
low signal loss. We also launched EDGE Rapid Connect solutions that increase fiber density and reduce
customer installation time by up to 70%.

Across our markets, you can see that our value-creation model is driving growth, and the key trends are
converging around our capabilities. We're helping our customers move toward a world with nearly infinite
and ubiquitous bandwidth with large life-like displays, where cars are cleaner, autonomous and connected;
where medicines are individualized, effective and safe; and where you can do more from your mobile
device, protected by cover materials that are more and more capable.

Now I'll wrap up my remarks today with one final point. I've always said that how we do things is as
important as what we accomplish. So I'd like to take a moment to emphasize that we're committed
to making a difference wherever we can. We're building on more than a century of honest, respectful
and fair behavior. And such behavior must continuously characterize all our actions, including progress
toward improving our environmental, social and governance programs. To share insight into our approach,
we recently issued our annual report on diversity, equity and inclusion. And we published our first
sustainability report.

On all dimensions, Corning is operating exceptionally well, focused on providing value for all our
stakeholders. I want to thank our incredibly dedicated employees around the world for their continued
hard work. And I look forward to updating you on our progress as we build on our momentum in the
second half of the year.

Now I'll turn the call over to Tony, so he can give you some more insight on the quarter.

R. Tony Tripeny

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Wendell, and good morning, everyone. As Wendell said, we are on track for a strong year.

Second quarter results were outstanding. We added almost $1 billion in sales year-over-year, $0.5 billion
in sales over pre-pandemic levels, and we generated significant operating and free cash flow. We also
improved margins both sequentially and year-over-year, which contributed to our strong EPS. Across
the board, our progress has been very positive. In particular, pre-pandemic comparisons highlight our
strength. We are confident this momentum will continue.

In all our markets, Corning's unique capabilities put us at the center of a substantial growth trend, while
our content strategy drives outperformance. And we have a highly effective value-creation model in place
to deliver profitable growth and create shareholder value.

Now let me walk you through the key metrics and drivers of our second quarter performance. Sales
increased 35% year-over-year to $3.5 billion, a strong run rate. Net income was $459 million, up 111%.
And EPS was $0.53, up 112% year-over-year.

We saw continued strength across our business segments. Optical Communications delivered its third
consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth, and we expect to see that trend continue. Display
Technologies was up sequentially and year-over-year and continues to experience the most favorable
pricing environment in more than a decade. Life Sciences and Environmental outperformed their markets
and grew significantly versus last year's pandemic lows.

Our margins expanded. Sequentially, gross margin improved 200 basis points to 37.8%, and operating
margin improved 120 basis points to 18.3%. On a year-over-year basis, gross margin expanded 450 basis
points, and operating margin expanded 710 basis points.

Now during the quarter, we continue to face supply chain disruptions and inflationary headwinds. Planning
and increased output allowed us to reduce costly airfreight, but the sequential improvement was offset
by increases in shipping rates and the cost of certain raw materials such as resin, a key component in our
Optical and Life Sciences businesses. In total, we felt about the same 150 basis points drag on margins as
in Q1.

Now while we don't expect significant improvement on the supply chain costs in the short term, we
do expect them to normalize over time. And we're taking mitigating actions, including raising prices in
selected product lines.

Now as is usual in the second quarter, operating expenses in dollars increased sequentially. The increase
was greater than in prior years because of larger variable compensation accruals consistent with our rising
outlook.

Free cash flow was $471 million, up $186 million year-over-year. Cumulative free cash flow for the first
half of 2021 was $843 million. We expect to generate significant free cash flow in the second half of the
year and to surpass our 2020 total by a wide margin.

Now let's take a closer look at the performance of each of our businesses. In Display Technologies, second
quarter sales were $939 million, up 9% sequentially and 25% versus 2020. Net income was $248 million,
up 16% sequentially and 63% year-over-year.

And Q2 sequential prices increased moderately as we implemented a price increase during the quarter.
For the third quarter, we are moderately increasing glass prices once again. We believe the pricing
environment will remain favorable going forward. Three factors will continue to drive this: First, we expect
glass supply to remain short to tight in the upcoming quarters. Second, our competitors continue to face
profitability challenges at current pricing levels. And third, display glass manufacturing requires periodic
investments in existing capacity to maintain operations.

Now we receive a lot of questions on how pandemic has impacted the display industry. For example, will
there be fewer TVs sold in 2021 or in 2022, and what's the impact on the glass market? So let me take a
moment to explain our view. I'll focus on televisions since they represent about 70% of the glass market.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Since LCD TVs emerged as mainstream technology in 2004, LCD television units have only been down 3x
and never 2 years in a row. And annual glass demand has never declined.

Now since 2014, television [indiscernible] units are typically range-bound between 225 million and 235
million, while average screen size grows about 1.5 inches a year. In 2020, global TV units increased 4%
above the trend line to about 242 million. Screen size growth was about 1.2 inches, about 20% below
trend. A lot of smaller TV is sold probably to accommodate more people living, working and studying from
home. In total, glass demand was up mid-single-digits.

Now entering the year, we expected and continue to expect the market to revert the trend, implying a
decrease in TV units, especially smaller TVs and for normal growth of 1.5 inches in screen size to return.
We now have retail data through the first half of 2021, and it is largely confirmatory.

TV units declined by mid-single-digit percentage year-over-year, while average screen size growth
returned to the 1.5 inches per year trend. Unit volume for TVs 65 inches and larger increased over 20%
and smaller televisions were down by a high single-digit percentage.

Now consistent with math and history, the glass market grew. So halfway through the year, our
expectations for TV units being down year-over-year and screen size growing approximately 1.5 inches are
playing out.

Looking ahead to 2022, we think TV units and screen sizes will continue to follow historical trends. That
means TV units will be within the typical range, and average screen size will grow about 1.5 inches. Now
we have yet to see how the current holiday retail season plays out, so we don't have enough information
to definitively comment too much on next year. But it is worth noting that TV units, which are declining
this year, have never declined 2 years in a row. And next year is a World Cup year, and TV units have
never declined in a World Cup year.

And finally, the biggest driver of retail glass growth in most years is the increase in screen size. We would
expect the average screen size to once again grow 1.5 inches next year. Now we'll refine our views based
on this year's holiday retail season, which is still in front of us, and we will keep you updated.

Let's move to Optical Communications, which continues its growth in -- with sales surpassing $1 billion,
up 21% year-over-year and 15% sequentially. Sales increased by a double-digit percentage in both
carrier and enterprise networks sequentially and year-over-year. Net income was $148 million, up 83%
year-over-year and 33% sequentially. Higher volume and better operational performance drove the
improvement.

The environment is extremely favorable. Demand on networks is at an all-time high. In response,
operators are expanding network capacity, capabilities and access. The pace of data centers build is
accelerating, and capital spending by our customers is increasing. Governments around the world are
announcing and initiating plans to extend the reach of broadband. All this points to the start of a strong
sustained investment phase across the industry. We are the market leaders, and we're well positioned to
capture significant growth as network investment increases.

Our solutions improve the speed and capital efficiency of [indiscernible]. Additionally, Corning is the only
large-scale Indian manufacturer of optical solutions, which allows us to innovate on important dimensions
not available to competitors. Our broad customer base and unquestioned technology leadership puts us
squarely at the center of customer investments for fiber-to-the-home, rural broadband, 5G and hyperscale
data centers.

In Environmental Technologies, second quarter results were $407 million, up 81% year-over-year but
down 8% sequentially. Net income improved year-over-year to $81 million and also grew sequentially
partly due to improved freight and logistics costs versus Q1.

Car-related sales increased 68% year-over-year as vehicle production has improved from pandemic
lows and GPF adoption continued in Europe and China. Auto markets continue to be constrained by chip
shortages, which impacted our automotive sales sequentially in the second quarter. We are monitoring
end-market demand and supply chain activity as we go through the second half of the year. We remain

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

on track to build a $500 million gasoline particulate filter business ahead of our original time frame. We
continue to innovate to solve our customers' most challenging problems and have recently begun to ship
next-generation GPFs to help OEMs achieve even lower levels of emission.

In diesel, sales grew 101% year-over-year driven by continued customer adoption of advanced
aftertreatment in China and continued strength in the North American heavy-duty truck market.

Specialty Materials delivered another outstanding quarter. Following first quarter year-over-year growth of
28%, the second quarter was up 16% year-over-year with sales of $483 million.

Demand remains strong for our premium cover glass materials and IT products. During the quarter, our
premium glasses and surfaces supported multiple new phone and IT launches, including 16 smartphones,
along with 6 laptops and tablets featuring Gorilla Glass.

Demand also remains strong for advanced optics content used in semiconductor manufacturing, which are
essential for deep ultraviolet and extreme ultraviolet or EUV lithography. Now investments in innovations
that are moving towards commercialization resulted in lower net income than in 2020. As we've noted
before, newer innovations can face high cost as we develop and scale our manufacturing processes. We
anticipate that profitability will improve as we come up the learning curve and improve utilization.

Life Sciences second quarter sales were $312 million, up 28% year-over-year and 4% sequentially driven
by ongoing recovery in academic and pharmaceutical research labs and continued strong demand for
bioproduction vessels and diagnostic-related consumables. Net income was $52 million, up 68% year-
over-year and 8% sequentially driven by the higher sales and solid operating performance. So our
businesses performed very well, and our markets are strong.

That said, let me take a moment to reiterate our commitment to financial stewardship and capital
allocation. Our fundamental approach remains the same. We will continue to focus our portfolio and utilize
our financial strength. We generate very strong operating cash flow, and we expect that to continue going
forward. We will continue to use our cash to grow, extend our leadership and reward shareholders.

Our first priority for use of cash is to invest in our growth and extend our leadership. We do this through
RD&E investments, capital spending and strategic acquisitions. Our next priority is to return excess cash
to shareholders in the form of dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. This year, we increased
our quarterly dividend by 9% and resumed share buybacks by repurchasing and retiring 4% of our
outstanding common shares from Samsung Display.

In closing, we had an excellent quarter. Our performance relative to both 2020 and 2019 adds to our
confidence that we are on track for an outstanding year. For the third quarter, we expect core sales in the
range of $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion, and we expect earnings per share in the range of $0.54 to $0.59.

Our value creation model is working. We are pursuing opportunities that utilize capabilities from our
focused and cohesive portfolio to drive growth. By repurposing and reapplying capabilities, we're
increasing our probability of success, lowering our cost of innovation and becoming more capital efficient. I
look forward to sharing our progress with you as the year goes on.

With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Tony. And Catherine, we're ready for our first question. [Operator Instructions]

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Tim Long with Barclays.

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just ask kind of a 2-parter on optical comms. It sounds like a lot of positives in the industry there. Could
you just talk a little bit about how you see kind of the cadence of growth for that vertical as you see these
positives emerge in both the service provider and the hyperscale markets? And Tony, if you could just
follow up and talk a little bit about operating margin leverage in that business. It looked like it was solid in
the quarter. How much more room is there on the margin front for optical comms?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

So first, on the cadence for growth, at this time, we're in a place where what is, that if we could make
more, we could sell more. And that's where our attention is. So our cadence is going to relate more to
that than normal seasonality that you'd see in Optical Communications. And so we expect that cadence to
continue to be strong and aim primarily at our productivity.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

And Tim, I think you're right. I mean we certainly do have operating leverage that will come from
this business as it continues to grow. We do have some headwinds that we're facing. I mentioned the
inflationary headwinds with resin cost, and we're working to mitigate those. So in terms of the actual
pace of how that leverage happens is we need to play out over the next couple of quarters, but there's
definitely operating leverage there.

Operator

Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Thanks for all the details on the display side of the business, dissecting TV unit growth and screen size
growth here in this year and potentially next. Now you had very strong pricing performance as well in
glass in 2021. So how sustainable do you view the current pricing environment? Do you see a normalized
outlook on display in '22 also translating to a reversal to low to mid-single-digit price declines? Or can
pricing remain better, given the supply/demand dynamics in glass?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Thanks for the question, Wamsi. I think it's a little early for us to be able to give you some guidance
on how we feel about pricing next year. Without doubt, our very long-term strategy that we have
been pursuing here continues to bear fruit. And we're seeing pricing stabilization continue to improve
throughout the time period of that effort. And there's many things that are going on technically and with
our strategic moves that lower the pricing intensity of the environment. So we would expect all those
factors to continue to be in place. But 1 quarter out, right now, it's probably about as far as we'd like to
guide at this time on pricing. I'm sorry, Wamsi.

Operator

Our next question comes from Asiya Merchant with Citigroup.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Asiya Merchant
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. Some of the investors have cited caution as it relates to end device demand. I know Tony talked a
lot about TV, but maybe if you can talk about notebooks and smartphones and how you think about your
components as they go into those 2 end markets and if there's any risk of excess inventory in the channel
maybe due to supply constraints, which are, in the end, resulting in demand push out.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Asiya. So let's start with the first part. So in general, remember, our outperformance in the
market is driven by our More Corning strategy. Like there's a number of great examples, but one, of
course, is smartphone demand, where over the last number of years, smartphone demand has been pretty
constant, right? It really hasn't grown. Meanwhile, our revenues have grown in excess of 40%. And so that
content story really plays out across really all the different device categories. So there's always a degree
of mitigation of the impact of what's going on with consumer behavior any given point of time. So that's
first to put in context.

Rolling forward, what we've tried to do is place that range of outcomes of consumer behavior into our
guides and into the way in which we're thinking about and planning our business in the near term. We
invest, though, in the long term, right? So we're really behind those technology trends and the More
Corning strategy. And then -- so for us, being able to call like 1 quarter for the other doesn't really impact
our core investment strategies. But we get a ton of information because we serve those markets so
broadly. We try to integrate that into the points of view that we give to you. So I guess short version is it's
in there. Our point of view is that all that is in there. And we'll update the point of view as we learn more.

Asiya Merchant
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. And then on the auto glass opportunity, I know at one point, I think you guys had talked about
being able to provide more color on that to a point where it reaches a certain run rate where you can
then call out auto glass. Is that something still in the works for 2021? Or just given all the bottlenecks in
automotive production, should we expect that to come later in '22?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Great question. So things are going great for us right now in auto glass. And we should get around to
figuring out the right way to update you guys on that progress. So everything is going fine with the
innovations. Everything is going fine with the industry. We just have to get our act together to decide how
do we best help our investors understand our trajectory in that business. So thank you for the reminder.
That's on our to-do list.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Nice quarter. When do you think gross margins will be back to pre-pandemic levels?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

So right now, we're clearly facing a lot of supply chain disruptions and inflationary pressure. And what
we saw in the first quarter was, of course, a lot of that relative to freight and logistics. We had plans
to mitigate that. We actually did those mitigations. But then there were other things that occurred,
particularly around increased resin cost. So as we think about the guide, in particular the guide for the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

third quarter, we thought it was prudent to assume that that 150 basis points drag that's coming from
those inflationary and supply chain logistics costs would continue.

And we're, again, doing the same thing. We got lots of things to mitigate those and including, in some
cases, raising prices on certain product lines. But at least -- we think for -- at least for the next couple of
quarters, we'll continue to see that drag. We do believe it will mitigate over time, but exactly how long it
takes to mitigate that, we just need to let it play out.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

Just one more on margins. The investment spending on the Specialty Materials that you called out, can
you give us a sense for how big that was in terms of a drag on the operating margins and how it subsides?

And then just a clarification on the -- on what you just said, Tony. So going forward on the inflation
pressures, 150 basis points quarter-over-quarter, those aren't changing. So it's the same amount in
dollars that you saw in Q2. Is that how we should think about it?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, that's how we should think about it. I mean, as I said, we do have some plans to mitigate some of
that. We've actually implemented those plans. We just thought as we were thinking about the guidance,
what happened to us in Q2, it could happen to us again in Q3, where we have new areas where we have
inflationary pressure. So that's how we're thinking about it. It's not that we're not taking actions, but we
just think from a guidance standpoint, that's about right.

And then in terms of the impact on the projects in Specialty Materials, I mean they did have a -- an
impact on our gross margin and on our operating margin. And you especially saw that impact when you
look at the Specialty Materials results.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

When you think about scaling that, Steve, you have a pretty good model, I think, of what the incrementals
should play out at. And the bulk of that delta is our investment in this [ specialty ] innovation. So I think if
you think about it that way, you've got the right sort of boxcar.

And as to how quickly it goes away, as fast as we can make it, right? We're just coming up the production
cycle here, and it's progressing. But like often with innovations, it's what you don't know that surprises
you as opposed to what you know. So we should be humble in predicting the exact end of the drag.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.

Mehdi Hosseini
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Tony, I want to go back to your comment about the TV and glass market, and thanks for the detail. What I
want to ask you is, what are your key assumptions for the panels that are in the channel? And I'm asking
that because I'm under impression that this year, we have had to refill the channel, given the strong
demand in the second half. And I'm just curious, would like to know how that channel refill would impact
next year.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Yes. I think, Mehdi, the way we always think about this is what really matters over time is what happens
in the end consumer demand. And where the channels go in any given quarter will, of course, make a
difference in any quarterly number, but what we're really focused on is the longer-term trend there. And
as I pointed out is that we expect that coming into the year for TV units to be down and for screen size
to grow the 1.5 inches. And at least halfway through the year, that's what we're seeing. As we look out to
next year, we'd expect to be back on the trend line that we had previously been on.

And just a reminder that TV units haven't been down 2 years in a row, haven't been down in a World Cup
year. And what really drives the growth is the screen size growth, and we expect that to be up 1.5 inches.
So what we need to do is actually get through the big selling season, and then we'll have more insights
once we do that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I just wanted to come back to the input inflation question. I guess, Tony, you called out the resin. I'm
curious whether you guys are seeing other commodity inputs in play and whether -- how temporary you
think this is. Do you think it's short term? Or do you think that this is an ongoing theme that we'll still be
talking about next year? I'm just kind of wondering how inflation is likely to impact the model over the
next, let's say, 12 months.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

So we are seeing it in other raw material areas, but the biggest one that we saw in the first -- in the
second quarter was really in the resins.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

In shipping.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Oh, in shipping, freight areas like that. We do think in the shipping and freight areas, we saw some
improvement in the second quarter, and we'd expect that to continue. So I think that's exactly how this
is going to play out over the next several quarters. It's certainly hard to predict. We think it's prudent
to think it is going to be there, and we thought it in -- our guidance was based on the assumption that
that would continue into the third quarter. We do believe this will all normalize. Our mitigating actions will
have an impact. So I'm not worried about it in the longer term, but certainly, in the nearer term, I'm more
concerned about it.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

So Rod, I think it's an excellent question, and we don't know the exact answer right now. And I think
anybody who says they do know the exact answer is probably being prideful, okay?

So that's why we're approaching it the way that we are, which is to say, like as we look to our guide, we're
going to account for those things that we don't know yet that could arise from an inflationary standpoint.
And also on our mitigation actions, you see us begin to take pricing action to more equitably share some
of these supply chain pressures and shipping pressures that we feel.

I think we'll -- all of us will learn more here in the coming quarters. And then as we do, we'll be able to
give you, I think, a much better point of view on what happens with those cost structures but as well,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

what our plans are to make sure that we're doing the right things around pricing, around cost mitigation to
make sure those don't unfairly burden our shareholders.

Operator

Our next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I guess I had one more on TV and kind of Display segment. Tony, thanks for the color about the kind of
what you're seeing in retail data. I know you've talked previously about China retail probably recovering
and self-correcting to some extent. Just wanted to get kind of what you're seeing in the retail data relative
to that market.

And then Display margins, 26.4% that you reported is the highest it's been for a while. So as we think
kind of about the next couple of quarters, given that you're getting price increases, is that the primary
driver of improvement that we should be thinking about in the Display margins?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

So I think from a Display margin standpoint, I mean, clearly, what has happened is we've been doing
a lot of build investments. And as we've talked about before and as Wendell talked about, when those
build investments come online, we have outstanding operating performance. And that's what you're really
seeing in Display. For sure, the pricing is also helping, but it is really what's happening from an operating
performance standpoint.

In terms of the China market, it's actually been kind of exactly where it was before. We haven't really seen
much of a change there, and we're obviously monitoring it closely to see if something changes.

Operator

Our next question comes from Martin Yang with Oppenheimer & Co.

Zhihua Yang
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

The Gorilla Glass for camera -- smartphone camera cover lens seems to be a pretty big opportunity, and
the market seems to be able to adopt that solution very quickly. Can you maybe give us more context
around the supply chain whether or not your solution can fit well into existing manufacturing process? And
how are the customer feedback so far on the new product?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Martin. We're quite excited about this opportunity as well. So thanks for calling it out. The way
the supply chain works is we will literally provide that part -- that cover part, so both the underlying
structure, the glass structures as well as the material we use to drive the composite to be able to improve
the optics and durability of those cameras.

So we have built the supply chain to be able to have that roll into really the same plants that ultimately
glass parts go to build phones. So we feel pretty good that we have the capability, and we've built the
capability to serve the market. And so now it will be how quickly will the technology be adopted because
it is new. It is a new feature for phones. It does improve camera performance pretty darn significantly. So
we're hoping that that becomes pretty rapidly adopted.

One thing that's going to impact pacing though is when you change the light-capturing capabilities of a
camera, remember that cameras are pretty complex devices, right? So you have the whole lens system,
and you have different chipsets to deal with that imaging. And they're built around an optical chain that
is a certain amount of light that's available, so we're actually improving that. And so as you improve that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

to take full advantage of it, you probably need to optimize some other components. So we do think that,
though it is relatively easy, adoptable, there are things that you would need to do differently to take full
advantage of this to deliver an advantaged end customer experience.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

Next question?

Operator

Comes from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

I have a big-picture question. During the script, you noted build projects you've undertaken from 2016 to
2019 have an ROIC of over 20%, and you're kind of, this is my word, but in a harvesting mode on some
of those. How should we think about the cadence of the investments you've made over the last few years
just in terms of thinking about how you maintain sort of the continued benefit from, I don't know, where
you're investing in, so that in 4 years, you can say that the ones you've done right now are yielding sort
of a similar growth rate? I'm just trying to understand the building blocks that get us to future strong
revenue growth, given what you've done in the past 4 years.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

So sure, Shannon, that's a great question. I mean, the first thing I would say is that our focus right now is
on what we call our extend capital. And that extend capital is how we continue to grow in our businesses.
And a lot of the growth that we're experiencing right now really comes from the investments we've made
the last couple of years from the extend capital in addition to the build capital. And we'd expect that --
we've got a lot of extend capital that we're putting in place right now, and that's going to continue to
support our growth going forward.

Given our More Corning trends and our innovation model and the opportunities that we see out there
that really gives us a chance to perform much better than the underlying market, I'm sure at some
point, we will be back at looking at build capital. And when we do that, we'll do that with real customer
commitments, including financing. So we think this is a great model to run our business with. It's
really improved our capital efficiencies. It's improved our return on invested capital. And I think from a
shareholder standpoint, this is a great way to run our businesses.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

We'll take one more question before we close.

Operator

Okay. And that comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley.

Meta A. Marshall
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. And maybe following up on the last question. Wendell, you guys mentioned kind of supply
constraints on the optical side. You've also mentioned kind of increased ROIC. You've been pretty reserved
on kind of CapEx rightfully so kind of during a lower cash flow generation period. But as that picks up,
just what should we consider for CapEx for the remainder of the year? Would you step up some of the
investments to increase product availability?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Yes. I think our underlying view on what capital spending is going to be this year is roughly the same as
it's been since the beginning of the year. We knew we were going to have a good year, a strong year with
growth, a little bit growing faster than maybe what we originally projected. So maybe capital will go up a
little bit more than our original projections, but our original outlook would be pretty similar to what we did
in 2020. And so maybe it'll be a little bit higher than that but not a lot higher than that.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. All right. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. Before we close, I want to let you know that we're
going to be attending the Jefferies Virtual Conference on September 1 and the Citi Virtual Conference on
September 14. You can find a replay of today's call on our site starting later this morning. Once again,
thank you for joining us. And Catherine, you can disconnect all lines.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

