Corning Incorporated NYSE:GLW
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 27, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.38

0.43

Revenue  (mm)

2925.65

3007.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-26-2020 12:58 PM GMT

13.16

2.78

0.46

1.29

1.80

3101.24

11156.27

12339.52

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.44

0.19

0.14

0.38

0.46

0.20

0.25

0.43

4.55 %

5.26 %

78.57 %

13.16 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor
Relations

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Asiya Merchant
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Meta A. Marshall
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Peter A. Zdebski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Zhihua Yang
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Corning Inc. Quarter 3 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]

It is my pleasure to introduce you to Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Catherine, and good morning. And welcome to our third quarter 2020 earnings call. With me
today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer.

I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are
detailed in the company's financial reports.

You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures,
unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are
non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. Reconciliation of core results to
comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com.

You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the interactive analyst
center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast, we encourage you to follow along. They're
also available on our website for downloading.

And now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported third quarter results, demonstrating
that the company is strong, financially healthy and well positioned for growth. Sales were $3 billion,
up 16% sequentially. EPS grew 72% sequentially to $0.43, as higher sales and strong manufacturing
execution resulted in operating margin expanding to 18.3%, up 710 basis points sequentially and 20 basis
points year-over-year.

We generated $518 million of free cash flow and finished the quarter with $2.5 billion in cash. Our financial
performance has improved significantly since April, and we expect a strong fourth quarter. Nevertheless,
we remain vigilant and continue to adapt appropriately to multiple disruptive forces playing out around the
world from the pandemic, the civil unrest to recession and geopolitical struggles.

We've been rising to the challenges since day 1, and our priorities remain clear. First, we must make our
values evident in our actions. Our commitment to the health, safety and well-being of our employees
underlines every facet of our operations. We're dedicating resources and providing leadership to support
our communities around the world.

We've launched unity campaigns as well as racial and social equality programs targeting the multitude
of hardships people are confronting right now. And when it comes to the global health fight, we're all
in, mobilizing our capabilities to combat the virus directly. We must also safeguard our financial health.
Our third quarter results show that our decisive actions are providing clear benefits as we leverage cost
savings and increase efficiencies across the company. Regardless of the depth or duration of global
uncertainty, we're doing everything in our power to keep the company strong, and it's working.

Now to ensure that we emerge even stronger, we're continuing to invest to create additional revenue
streams. We're inventing new-to-the-world materials and manufacturing processes as well as co-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

innovating new solutions in partnership with our customers. The relevance of our portfolio puts Corning at
the heart of ongoing innovation with industry leaders, and we continue to solve our customers' toughest
technology challenges.

You may have seen Apple's recent promotion of ceramic shield for the iPhone 12. Their featuring are
new-to-the-world material, which is the world's first, highly transparent color-free glass ceramic with
performance that meets the rigorous demands put on smartphone cover materials. This latest innovation
with Apple exemplifies our ongoing strategy of consistent, long-term value creation by combining our deep
expertise in glass science, ceramic science and optical physics with our unparalleled manufacturing and
engineering capabilities.

Ceramic shield melds the attributes that we love about glass, create optics and retain strength, with the
attributes we love about ceramics, most notably, it's toughness. Ceramic shield consists of ceramic crystals
within a glass matrix. There were 2 big inventions here. The first was keeping the best damage-resistant
attributes of both glass and ceramics. The second was ensuring high optical transparency by growing
index-matched nanocrystals inside the glass matrix that are 1/10 the wavelength of light.

As you recall, Apple made 2 investments in Corning, totaling $450 million, as part of their advanced
manufacturing fund and their commitment to foster innovation among American manufacturers. We thank
Apple for our long-standing product development partnership and their investments in new manufacturing
technology centered in our Harrodsburg, Kentucky facility. We could not be prouder to be a key component
in the iPhone 12.

Now it's important to note, the iPhone 12 and many other flagship phones that we are also proud to be
part of, support 5G. 5G matters to us. The density of fiber necessary to deliver its promise is yet another
example. You've seen us illustrate that up to 100x more fiber is required to deploy 5G in a city than 4G.
This week, we announced a new product design to help operators dramatically boost the speed and reduce
the cost of their outdoor deployments. And we're embarking on new work to support Verizon's efforts to
extend 5G indoors. The relevance of our portfolio and our deep customer relationships, as illustrated by
these advancements, keep us at the center of the inexorable shift to optical.

Stepping back, in all the industries we serve, important market trends offer new challenges that Corning
is uniquely qualified to address and new opportunities to integrate more Corning content into products.
This is an especially powerful value creation lever in times of economic uncertainty. Because we aren't
exclusively relying on people buying more stuff. We're putting more Corning into the products that people
are already buying.

We are clearly seeing the benefits of this lever in today's results as innovation adoption drove
Specialty Materials sales up 23% year-over-year despite a declining smartphone market. This type of
outperformance is not unique. From 2016 to 2019, we added $500 million in sales or 42% cumulatively
while smartphone sales actually went down, and we're extending that growth streak this year.

In Environmental Technologies, we grew sales 16% in 2019, much faster than the underlying unit demand
as automakers added gas particulate filters to cars. And we, again, saw outperformance this quarter with
sequential sales up 68%.

These are additional examples of the more Corning strategy at work and why the content story is so
powerful for us.

I want to stress one additional point. You often hear us say that our core technologies enable life-changing
capabilities. In these times, we're increasing focus on life-saving innovations. Safe widespread vaccine
delivery is one of society's top priorities, and glass packaging is critical. Our Valor innovation will help
enable faster filling line speeds and increased patient safety. Right now, we're expanding capacity and
supplying glass vials for vaccines as part of Operation Warp Speed, all while leveraging our leadership in
life sciences to help support COVID diagnostic testing and virus research efforts.

Additionally, reduce fine particulate pollution, the objective of our filtration products, appears to be helpful
for reducing infection rates. And we're excited about recent university lab test showing that our Guardiant
antimicrobial glass particles kill bacteria and viruses, including SARS-CoV-2.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

We're also well positioned to contribute as consumers continue to adapt to a world with social distancing.
For example, fiber increases the capacity and performance of networks, and glass provides the primary
window to information and entertainment. We're confident that we can bring further innovations to bear in
many vital areas as the world addresses and recovers from its current challenges.

Overall, we had a very strong quarter on almost every dimension. From an innovation perspective, I just
reviewed our significant advancements. Financially, we grew sales at double-digit rates sequentially and
expanded margins to grow our profitability even faster.

Operationally, we performed well, and I'd like to share a few examples. In the midst of the pandemic,
we deployed expert engineering teams to start-up our Gen 10.5 melting operations in both Wuhan and
Guangzhou. These facilities are positioning us well to capture the fast-growing demand for large TVs.

In Mobile Consumer Electronics, we successfully scaled up a new-to-the-world manufacturing process
and product to meet Apple's iPhone launch. In Automotive, we flexed our operations to adjust to the fast-
paced ramp-up at OEMs after they significantly reduced production in quarter 2.

In Optical Communications, we successfully adjusted our cost to the current market environment,
resulting in significant profitability expansion despite flattish sales on a quarter-over-quarter basis.

We also remain vigilant in our actions to safeguard the company's financial strength. We're proud of our
execution, especially given the current global uncertainties.

Clearly, our employees around the world are dedicated to living our values and giving their best every day.

Now I'll turn the call over to Tony, so he can give you some more insight on the quarter.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Wendell, and good morning. We had a very strong third quarter. As Wendell highlighted, we
executed effectively, and we bolstered our healthy balance sheet despite the ongoing macroeconomic
challenges. Sales growth and cost actions led to strong sequential margin expansion, further
demonstrating that our operational adjustments are working. We've made significant adjustments to align
our cost and operating plan with the lower anticipated sales.

In total, Corning continues to demonstrate that it has the resources to deliver on our commitments and
extend our leadership as we continue to focus on operational excellence, cash flow generation and prudent
capital allocation.

Before I get into the details of our performance and results, I want to call out the changes at Hemlock
during Q3 and cover the differences between GAAP and core results. On September 9, Hemlock
Semiconductor Group redeemed DuPont's 40.25% ownership interest in the company, which transformed
Corning's long time ownership in Hemlock into a majority position. In the second transaction, Hemlock
purchased certain manufacturing assets from DuPont and gained control of a critical raw material,
thereby becoming a leading low-cost producer of ultra-pure polysilicon to the semiconductor industry.
Hemlock's leadership position is backed by attractive long-term take-or-pay customer contracts with
upfront payments.

Now we're very excited about these transactions. They are good for Hemlock, good for Corning and good
for our shareholders. We didn't put any money into the transaction, and Hemlock generates a lot of cash.
So its debt is mostly paid back in 1 year.

Corning improves its financials by adding sales and earnings. In the third quarter, we recognized $31
million of sales from the newly consolidated Hemlock, and Hemlock will add approximately $150 million in
annual cash flow. Please see our web disclosure for helpful consolidation details.

Now on to GAAP. The largest differences between our third quarter GAAP and core results are a noncash
gain associated with the Hemlock transaction, ongoing restructuring charges, which are primarily noncash,
and a mark-to-market adjustment for our currency hedge contracts. Now with respect to the mark-to-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

market adjustments, GAAP accounting requires earnings translation hedge contracts and foreign debt
settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded at current value at the end of each quarter
even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us, this reduced GAAP earnings
in Q3 by $103 million. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting had no impact on our cash flow.

Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provide higher
certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth and our future shareholder
distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a
constant currency rate aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We're very pleased with
our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We've received $1.7 billion in cash under our
hedge contracts since their inception more than 5 years ago.

Now I'll walk through our third quarter performance. At the outset of the pandemic, we committed to
preserving our financial strength and positioning the company to emerge even stronger. In Q1 and Q2, we
told you we were responding to economic uncertainty by making significant operational adjustments. We
said we'd reduced cost and capital spend to align with lower anticipated sales. And while ramping down
production and reducing inventory impacts margins, we said that when sales growth resumed, we expect
improved profitability.

Now looking at the third quarter, we grew 16% -- sales grew 16% sequentially to $3 billion, and our
operating margin expanded by 710 basis points sequentially, to 18.3%. This resulted in net income of
$380 million and an EPS of $0.43, up 72% sequentially.

We also said we would maintain a strong cash balance and generate positive free cash flow for the year.
In the third quarter, free cash flow grew to $518 million. Cumulative free cash flow for the first 3 quarters
was $484 million. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $2.5 billion and expect to generate
additional positive free cash flow in the fourth quarter as we continue to reduce cost, control inventory and
execute well overall. As a result, I am confident that we will succeed on our free cash flow goals.

These actions -- the actions we're taking are clearly working. We have delivered great operational
improvements, which started to show results in Q2 and really accelerated in Q3. We expect the benefit of
these actions to continue in Q4, contributing to another strong quarter.

Now let's review the business segments. In Display Technologies, third quarter sales were $827 million,
up 10% sequentially, and net income was $196 million, up 29% sequentially. Display glass volume grew
approximately 10% sequentially, as panel makers increase utilization, resulting in strong incrementals.
Sequential price declines were moderate, as expected.

From an end market perspective, it appears that the impact from COVID-19 has been a positive.
In developed markets, consumers are prioritizing in-home entertainment. Globally, work and study
from home trends are growing. This is increasing demand for TV and IT products. On the other hand,
smartphone demand has been down.

In total, the retail market, as measured in square feet of glass, is up mid-single digits year-to-date
through August. Of course, the upcoming holiday retail season will be a big factor in how the market
actually plays out for the full year.

Longer term, we remain confident that TV screen size will continue to grow. TVs at 65 inches or larger
grew 40% year-to-date through August. And we are well positioned to capture the majority of that growth
with Gen 10.5, which is the most efficient gen size for large TV manufacturing.

We continue to expect display pricing to decline by a mid-single-digit percentage in 2020.

We believe that 3 factors drive a favorable glass pricing environment. First, we expect glass supply/
demand to be balanced to tight. For Corning, we are ramping our Gen 10.5 tanks to align with panel
makers' schedules. Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing
levels. And third, display glass manufacturing requires periodic investments in existing capacity to
maintain operations. Glass prices must support acceptable returns on those investments.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

In Optical Communications, third quarter sales grew 10% sequentially to $909 million, as carrier spending
and deployments remained stable and enterprise sales grew slightly. Net income grew by $34 million or
42% to $115 million, driven by improving cost performance.

Looking forward, demand on the network is at an all-time high, and we are seeing positive statements on
capacity expansion from network operators. Currently, COVID-related factors hamper the ability to invest
broadly in networks, and operators are focusing efforts on addressing capacity bottlenecks. We believe
operators will begin additional investments to reestablish normal network headroom and expand offerings.
Large carrier and enterprise capital projects are inevitable. But as we've said before, it's always hard to
predict the timing.

Environmental Technology sales in the third quarter were $379 million, up 68% sequentially as markets
recovered and OEMs continued to adopt GPS in Europe and China. We effectively adjusted our operations
to pace with the market recovery and delivered net income of $69 million, compared to breakeven in
the second quarter. The business team did a great job over the last 6 months in reacting to the rapid
shutdown and restart of auto production by controlling cost and maintaining flexibility.

Automotive sales increased 1% year-over-year as continued strong adoption of GPS helped us exceed
vehicle production, which declined 6% year-over-year. In the quarter, we saw continued strong market
performance in China, up slightly year-over-year. North America and European OEMs more than doubled
production sequentially, but declined 5% on a year-over-year basis.

Diesel sales improved 49% from the second quarter, but were still down 15% year-over-year. The North
American heavy-duty truck market improved, but remains in a cyclical downturn with vehicle production
down 46% year-over-year. Third quarter sales of heavy-duty vehicles in China, however, continue to
exceed 2019 levels and adoption of advanced content increased in preparation for China 6 regulations.

No doubt, this has been a challenging year for our automotive market access platform. However, we are
recovering faster than the market due to increasing content, primarily GPS and advanced heavy-duty
products. Our content-driven strategy continues to drive strong results.

Specialty Materials sales were $570 million in the third quarter, up 23% year-over-year and in sharp
contrast to the smartphone market, which declined. Net income grew 59% year-over-year to $146 million.
Sales growth was driven by Ceramic Shield, our new-to-the-world glass ceramic on the iPhone 12 as well
as premium glass sales, IT and tablet glass sales in support of work from home trends and strength in our
advanced optic products.

In brief, strong adoption and commercialization of our innovations produced strong year-over-year results
for the third quarter for Specialty Materials, and we expect that to be true for full year 2020 as well.

In Life Sciences, North America lab utilization is increasing, and the pandemic is driving demand for
laboratory diagnostic testing consumables. As a result, we are seeing increased demand for our products.

In July, we carried out our long-term plan to ramp a new, larger distribution center needed to support our
growth and enhance our ability to address our customers' increased needs around the world. Starting up
this center in the middle of a pandemic proved to be more difficult than we expected, which constrained
third quarter sales. Sales declined 8% sequentially. Net income declined 10%, in line with the lower
volume.

We have added resources where required, implemented recovery plans and are confident that operations
will support the required output in Q4. As a result, we expect strong sequential Life Science growth in the
fourth quarter.

Now I'll turn to our balance sheet and our dedication to financial stewardship. As I mentioned at the
outset of the pandemic, we committed to preserving our financial strength and positioning the company
to emerge even stronger. I've discussed the operational improvements we've implemented and our strong
free cash flow generation. It is also important to note that we continue to maintain a conservative balance
sheet with a strong cash position that ended the quarter at $2.5 billion. And we have a debt structure that
is conservative by design and relatively unique.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Today, our average debt maturity is about 25 years, the longest in the S&P 500. Over the next 15 months,
we have under $70 million coming due. Less than half of our total debt is due within the next 20 years.
And during this time, there is no single year with debt repayment over $500 million. Our balance sheet is
built for times like these.

As I've previously mentioned, we expect to generate positive free cash flow in the fourth quarter and for
the year. We also expect to maintain a strong cash position and to maintain our dividend. We have the
financial resources needed for the duration of the economic slowdown.

In closing, we demonstrated outstanding operational performance in the quarter with significant
sequential improvement in sales, net income, EPS and free cash flow. We are successfully carrying out
the operational and financial goals we set up to stay strong during the crisis. We expect another solid
quarter to end the year. We remain aware of potential impacts from the pandemic, the global recession,
civil unrest and geopolitical tensions. Regardless of how long or what shape the recovery takes, Corning
is effectively safeguarding its financial strength, our growth drivers are intact and we continue advancing
important growth initiatives with leaders in industries we serve. We are confident that our execution and
market leadership positions us to emerge from the current global uncertainty even stronger.

With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Tony. Okay, Catherine. We're ready for our first question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Asiya Merchant with Citigroup.

Asiya Merchant
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. Wendell, Tony, given the consumer spending has been very strong year-to-date. Obviously, we've
seen that in some of the results of our companies. How do you guys kind of look into the next couple of
quarters? Do you feel like visibility is good based on discussions with customers that consumer spending
could continue at these levels? As it relates to smartphones, TVs, notebooks, et cetera, that use up all
your products?

And then simultaneously, on the Optical side, clearly starting to see some positive trends here. I know it's
lumpy. But just as you look at the next couple of quarters, do you feel like you have good visibility at this
point into how these quarters unfold and demand trend continues in the next couple of quarters?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Asiya, I think that's an excellent question, and I don't disagree with any of your observations on some of
the macro data on both consumer and statements from network operators.

That being said, we expect a really solid quarter 4. And we're just -- and we're off to a really good start
this month. But that's really the extent of the guidance that we want to give at this time. Like last quarter,
our business segments, as you just highlighted, continue to flash green. The global uncertainties just
remind us to be very humble in our ability to precisely predict the future and exactly how our customers
are going to work their way through this uncertainty.

On the opto side, I totally get where you're coming from. Because we've all heard from our customers
or from the network operators that they're experiencing very strong demand on their network. I mean,
there's some great examples. I mean, they publish this all the time. It's a great website, by the way. The
Internet & Television Association reports upstream growth. So growth from your home, up back into the
network, that's up 37%. And also just recently seen the Microsoft Teams set a new single day record of
4.1 billion minutes. Unbelievable, right? And you also hear really strong statements from them that they
want to build more capacity to be able to deal with this new baseline of demand that's on. And whether it's
AT&T and Verizon or cable TV, companies or the public cloud players, they're all quite public that they're
planning increases in their capacity.

That being said, predicting the exact quarter when these plans turn into deployment at scale, that's just
challenging. Just so once again, I just think we should be very humble in predicting that exact quarter and
wait until we see that surge in shipments out of our factories to claim a rebound in the Optical segment.

Asiya Merchant
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. And if I may, for Tony. As a follow-up, Tony, given you guys are kind of managing your CapEx and
inventory levels with -- very prudently, should we expect the CapEx trend that we have been seeing over
the last few quarters to sort of continue here? Are we expecting any upsurge in CapEx at least over the
next couple of quarters?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think -- I'll say, as we've talked about before, we have an ongoing amount of capital spending that
we expand -- that we spend on kind of expanding our product lines and creating new innovations. But
where we really spend a lot of money is when we get into the build cycle, and we're not currently in one of
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

those build cycles, and we don't see ourselves in a build cycle over the next year or so. Of course, we want
to eventually get to a build cycle because when we get to a build cycle, that means there's a lot of growth
coming, and we always get that with some commitments from customers, and we actually saw the benefit
of that in the third quarter with our work with Apple.

But as we look out over the next several quarters, no, we don't -- we won't be in a build cycle, so we
won't see a lot of change from a CapEx standpoint.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

Just following up on the Optical question. Maybe this is wrong, but my perception is that there wasn't a lot
of content growth in the revenues based on what your customers are spending on right now. Wendell, can
you just sort of talk about the outlook for content growth in Optical as you eventually, at whatever point it
is, see an Optical spending surge?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Once again, really good observation, Steve. Most of our operators have been dealing with this year is how
do they eliminate some of the bottlenecks in their network in these challenging times. But while they're
being, as you say, quite public on that they're planning to expand their networks.

So I think the content play is coming, and I believe that it will be quite strong, quite strong, whether it's in
cloud, because there's been such a huge shift in the cloud during this time, or whether it's in our carriers.
Our networks are just strained, and operators don't want to be in a spot where they're running close to
red line and they need to establish that base that is higher.

So I feel really good that it's inevitable, right? But that being said, I call them the quarter, buddy.

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

No, I wasn't asking you to, but just to be clear, in the capacity expansion ramp is what would start sort of
your content growth coming back. Is that correct? Or am I thinking about it wrong?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I think that is correct. That's when you really see it. You're asking actually a super subtle question,
which is we have a sort of more Corning play that's going on here as capacity comes in place more
Optical. And then we have particular set of innovations that reduce the cost of deployment pretty
significantly and the efficacy of it, and those have a higher revenue content for us.

So in that subtle question that you're asking, we'll begin to see that without an acceleration in capacity
growth. But you're not really going to feel it, we're not all going to feel great about it until that -- those
technologies get deployed in new capacity expansions.

Operator

And our next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. If I can just have a quick clarification. First, right up to your comment, Wendell, about light flashing
green. I just want to make sure I'm reading it right that you're implying all segments are here in a

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

positive backdrop, where they can improve sequentially from 3Q to 4Q, including Life Sciences, for which
you're saying 3Q is that trough.

And then in terms of just drilling down a bit on the Specialty outperformance that you're seeing, how
much of this is driven by content increase versus wider adoption of the cover glass? And if you can drill
down a bit on the different areas on a smartphone you're gaining content?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Samik, could you -- as a favor to me, could you repeat the second part of that question? I'm not sure that
I understand it exactly. Could you do that again for me?

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. The question was about Specialty outperformance that you're seeing in Specialty Materials? And how
much of the outperformance relative to the underlying smartphone market is content increase versus
wider adoption of your cover glass? And which are the areas on a smartphone you're gaining content, if
you can just outline that?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Okay. So let me start with your second question first. So the bulk of that growth that you see is content
increase. It's basically of beating players adopting our latest innovations that is driving that revenue
increase. So that is the primary driver, Samik.

To your first question, just to be precise on what I mean by flashing green. I said the same thing last
quarter. And what I'm trying to get at here is not that we're going to have sequential growth, not that this
one particular business is going to continue to do in a certain thing. What I'm trying to get at is sort of the
dissonance that we feel between the demand that our customers are putting on us and versus sort of the
uncertainty we see in around the world. And so what I'm trying to do is give you the insight that we see,
which is our businesses are doing well. We've got a good order book, and we're operating well. That being
said, we still exist in the world that we exist in and we just got to be humble about giving exact guidance.
Does that make sense to you, Samik?

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. No. Fair. Sounds fair given the current environment.

Operator

Our next question comes from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to start off with Ceramic Shield and just -- well, first of all, congratulations on being named on
Apple's stage. I think that was a first. So congrats on that. I wanted to, Wendell, just ask you whether
that's an exclusive deal. And if it is exclusive, does that -- is there a duration on that? Are there other
OEMs you could sell it to eventually? Just kind of how are you thinking about exclusivity versus not on
materials like that?

And also maybe -- I doubt you'll tell me, but I'd be interested in the pricing differential with Gorilla.

And then I have a second question for Tony. I noticed the inventory days jumped up a little bit in Q3, Tony.
Could you give us some maybe color on what drove that increase? Is it related to the smartphone cycle or
something else?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Tony, start with...

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Why don't I start with the inventory one? It's a pretty easy answer. During the quarter, we did the
Hemlock transaction, and we had to consolidate their balance sheet, which is -- increased the inventory
for Corning, in total. But of course, that just comes from that transaction itself. It's a great transaction.
We're really excited about Hemlock. It generates a lot of cash. It pays -- we didn't put any money in. It
pays back the debt. Even within -- most of it within a year, we have $150 million of ongoing free cash flow
generation.

So what we'll make sure is clear, and we can talk about it in our call later today, that how much of the
inventory came from that versus our own build. If you look at the cash flow statement, we actually
lowered our inventory about $187 million during the quarter. So our inventories actually came down during
the quarter, but it's because of the Hemlock consolidation that you see a little bit different on the balance
sheet.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

And Rob, to your question -- questions for me. First, your statement. Thank you for the congratulations.
We're really proud of that for Ceramic Shield, and it's a lot of work. I have to tell you that it feels, but not
quite right to use, Apple's name out loud. I don't think I've ever done that. Like any size of the company,
we have a code name for Apple. And like we never even say Apple inside the company. So like if you could
see me, I sound like turning a little pink, and I'm having an anxiety attack, so that means speak your
name out loud. So if I stumble a little, please be forgiving. So...

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I was nervous asking it with Apple's name in the question, too.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

That's exactly right. We totally get it. So Ceramic Shield, that's Apple's. Just that simple. That's Apple's.
They helped us develop it. They invested in U.S. manufacturing for it. That's theirs. And it should be
theirs. And so that's the way that is.

Now as we take a look at other players, we got a whole stream of innovations for them as well. I think
what we're -- what we would love to see, our ideal scenario would be that Apple has so raised -- I can't
believe I just said Apple again, has so raised the bar on performance for everybody that all of the players
will be coming to us to say, we need to have a way to compete with this incredible performance. And if
that happens, that's just going to all be good for us. We will not do Ceramic Shield for them. But we've got
a lot of great ideas and we've got a lot of great products to help them raise their game to the new level
that was just set. I've got to revert in Cupertino.

So the next one got to how much that you didn't think I would answer was what's the price delta. I would
say, once again, Rod, you have effectively predicted the future. I am not going to answer that.

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

All right. Why wasn't it used on the back of a phone? Just too expensive?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

You have exhausted my ability to get myself to answer any question about that particular company. I just
-- I'm reverting back to my mode. And just very soon, I'm going to go back into using code words. So...

Operator

Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Yes. Just to stay on this Specialty for a second. On the content increase that you referred to, Wendell,
can you talk about whether you meant dollar content or unit content or both? And if both, like what the
relative split is? And just sort of a little bit technical side of this. In the -- is the process similar to Gorilla
where there is post-processing done by finishers or something different that changes the margin structure
of this product? And I have a follow-up on Display.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

So starting with smartphones, I think the right way to think about it is its content in dollars, right? It's
just we're introducing more valuable materials, right? Now quite often, with some of them like Victus
is a great example, is it is a more valuable material that we're introducing, but it also reduces finishing
cost for our customers. And so as a result, their part cost can be really close to what they had for Gorilla
Glass 6. So that's sort of the shape of the way. But you should think about it as it's brand-new products
that have a higher price point is the primary way to think about it from your modeling perspective. That's
smartphones.

I think you've also got this going on in laptops in the IT piece is we're also bringing up more content. Once
again, the right way to think about this is more value added in our product set rather than increasing a
mass of glass or ceramics on the products right now.

But super interesting question to when you think about 5G, where you've seen smartphones evolve to,
which is this all-glass structure, pretty much, is driven by, yes, we make lots of product in like glass is the
best thing. I mean, but other than that, is that they need the RF transparency. And if you pop open a 5G
phone, any of them, you will see how much antenna content is in there to be able to handle 5G and an
ability to do 4G and to be able to do different players depending on where you are in the world. This same
thing, I believe, is going to come to the IT products. If there are going to be big 5G users, we're going to
have to see more mass of our product or volume of our product on those devices to make them be truly
great 5G devices.

That answer your question, Wamsi?

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Yes. Yes, it does, Wendell. And if I could follow up, can you talk about the incremental strength in Display?
There's some concern in the market that there were some ramp issues in the China glass market that's
causing one of your competitors to take some share. Can you comment on that? And maybe just talk
about any changes in the pace of the Korea ramp down?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

So I think from an overall standpoint, what's really driving the strength in display is what's happening
in the end markets, and that's what always matters from a display standpoint. And as we talked about,
clearly, TV demand in the COVID world has been pretty strong, but so has IT demand. In particular,
notebooks and tablets. And that's fundamentally what we're seeing there. And you see it in terms of -- in
a couple of ways. One is panel maker utilizations have been high. And I think that has slowed down a bit
of the exit of -- from Korea by some of the panel makers there. But in addition to that, the value chain is
pretty tight right now. So what is really driving this is in customer demand. And from a retail standpoint,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

as we mentioned, as measured in glass, it's up mid-single digits on a year-over-year basis, and that feels
good.

Operator

Our next question comes from Peter Zdebski with Barclays.

Peter A. Zdebski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

This is Peter on for Tim Long. Congratulations on the quarter. I wanted to ask about GPS. Prior to the
pandemic, I think we were looking at a kind of target of about [ $315 million ] of sales in 2020. And given
that it looks like the Auto rebound has been probably a little stronger than expected, could you give us an
idea of how close you might get to that number for '20? And then maybe your thoughts on timing toward
that $500 million target?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think that fundamentally, what is driving the sales from a GPS standpoint, of course, is the adoption
in Europe and the adoption in China. And on a year-over-year basis, the European market is down. It
rebounded a lot in Q3, but it's still down on a year-over-year basis, but China is actually up. So I mean,
I think we feel good about where GPS sales are. We certainly feel good that we are outperforming the
market because of the content-driven part of GPS.

Operator

Our next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley.

Meta A. Marshall
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. A couple of questions. On Valor Glass, understanding the FDA has had a more their fast track policy
over the last year on vaccines. But just post any vaccines, just progress you think Valor Glass is making
within the FDA do not need a drug by drug approval?

And then maybe second, if there were any kind of administration change to come in the next year, just
how quickly could emission standard changes flow through the Environmental segment?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Well, I'll take the first one, and maybe you can take the second. I'll comment on, if you'd like.

So Meta, I think in Valor, we're feeling the broader adoption as well as strategies by our customers to
make the regulatory burden be less. I think the way to think about the FDA is they'll react to the plans
of our customers and that will end up providing a basis for how it will evolve in the treatment of Valor
vials. In general, what I would say is ease of qualification is getting better for us as our customers get
more sophisticated in how to do the regulatory moves. You just have to remember, this is the first change,
really, in vial packaging in 100 years. So everybody was a little out of practice, right? So I think with that's
coming in place and getting better.

Our real focus though in Valor right now is to support the COVID-19 vaccine efforts. That's what we're
about. And we have focused most of our energy now on supporting various vaccine candidates. And for
them, it's a new drug. So the new drug is just qualified in our vial. So there's no real additional regulatory
burden, right? It's the redo that provides an extra burden, not the original product that's superior in
every way from the current product. So that's where we're really focusing our capacity efforts. That's
where we're focusing our technology efforts is to use all of Corning's capabilities to make all of us and our
children safer, and that's where we're aimed.

R. Tony Tripeny

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

And Meta, I think in terms of the environmental regulations, the way we look at it isn't as -- at least from
our business standpoint and when we will start generating sales. It's not as how quickly the regulations
change, it's when the implementations happen. And on environmental regulations, they always take
several years to occur. They've got to change the automotive supply chain and the like. So while the
change in the regulations might be quick in terms of us actually seeing it in sales in North America, that
would clearly be a couple of years after that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

I wanted to add a question. If we look back to April when you put in place the new operating structure, it
was sort of centered around your maps in that. What kind of benefits have you seen from that? How is it
working? Just given we're, I don't know, 5 months since it was launched. And then I have a follow-up.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

So we basically -- because our innovations have been successful, we've sort of outgrown our previous
structures. And so we put in place this new operating structure with Eric Musser, who's our President and
COO, and named new Market-Access Platform leaders, really next-generation leadership, to take each
and every one of our major Market-Access Platforms. And it's going great. And my main evidence for that
is look at the results. I mean, it's really strong. So I've got nothing but good things to say about that.
And I -- and we are all quite hopeful going forward of this type of outstanding operations performance
continues.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Okay. And then, I don't know, Tony, can you talk a bit about any operational improvements you could
make to Hemlock now that it's wholly owned? Just -- or is it -- or we should just assume it will be stand-
alone and there's not much leverage to be had?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

No. I think there is plenty of operational improvements that we can make there. We obviously based our
-- as we thought about why we're excited about this is based on their current operating performance,
those long-term take-or-pay contracts that come with upfront cash payments. The good controls that they
have over their costs, both in terms of the assets that they bought from DuPont, but also some long-term
energy contracts that are at very favorable rates.

And that's why we're confident in that ability to generate the $150 million of annual cash flow. That
being said, we will start working on other kind of operational improvements we can make there. And a
good example of that is that we procure a lot more stuff as a company than they do. And so I'm sure
there's opportunities there. I think there's opportunities from a technology standpoint, from a general
manufacturing standpoint, market access standpoint, chances to look at different markets than they've
had before. I mean, they will now get the whole power of the Corning machine to really drive that
business.

So I think on the whole, we would expect improvements over time. Now how quickly they happen and the
like all, we're just at the beginning stages of that. And the fact it's going to have the $150 million a year of
free cash flow generation is very exciting.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Our last question comes from Martin Yang with Oppenheimer & Co.

Zhihua Yang
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

And my question is about display glass prices. Is there any opportunity for you to see price improvement
even more? I understand that the current structure protects your downside, but given the tight supply-
demand right now, is there any way for you to raise price?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

I would say that like you've often heard me say, Martin, about display. Is it the right way to think about
it from an investment standpoint? In my opinion, I have some of my operating folks who believe we can
make this be back into a growth machine. But I continue to believe we should just count on it as aging
gracefully, generating tons of cash flow and pricing being moderate, right, and that we just like normally in
a maturing business, that rate of price decline declining. And I think that's the way to think about it.

And right now, our primary focus is to make sure we bring up those Gen 10.5 plants that we have put
in place. And you can remember, that was -- when we did this, we did this with largely money support
from various Chinese players, while we kept 100% of the profit stream. And that move, when we did it,
was really a bet on the growth of large-sized TV and a bet on the Chinese LCD manufacturers. That bet is
playing out really well. And the key for us is to grow that into its full capability as fast as we can.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Wendell. Great, and thanks, everybody, for joining us today.

Before we close, I wanted to let you know that we'll be at the Baird Virtual Global Industrial Conference
on November 10; the Morgan Stanley Virtual Life After COVID Conference on November 11; Credit Suisse
Annual Technology Conference on November 30; and the Barclays Global Technology Media and Telecoms
Conference on December 10.

Finally, the replay of today's call will be available on our site starting later this morning. Operator, that
concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

