Corteva, Inc. NYSE:CTVA
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 30, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

(0.12)

0.07

NM

0.42

1.24

1.43

15.32

1.51

-

2908.48

2983.00

2.56

3567.19

13780.12

13846.00

0.48

14335.29

14500.00

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-30-2020 1:32 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.44

1.02

(0.45)

(0.12)

0.36

1.42

(0.39)

0.07

(18.18 %)

39.22 %

NM

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Gregory R. Friedman
Executive VP & CFO

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Megan Britt
Investor Relations Director at
DowDuPont

Rajan Gajaria
Executive Vice President of
Business Platforms

Timothy P. Glenn
Executive VP & Chief Commercial
Officer

Jonas I. Oxgaard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

P.J. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Patrick Duffy Fischer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Donald David Carson
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Joel Jackson
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Corteva Q4 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is
being recorded.

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Megan Britt. Please go ahead, ma'am.

Megan Britt
Investor Relations Director at DowDuPont

Good morning, and welcome to the fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings conference call for Corteva
Agriscience. The call is available to investors and media via webcast. We have prepared presentation slides
to supplement our comments during this call. These slides are posted on the Investor Relations section
of the Corteva website and through the link to our webcast. Speaking on the call today are Jim Collins,
Chief Executive Officer; Tim Glenn, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; Rajan Gajaria,
Executive Vice President of Business Platform; and Greg Friedman, Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer.

During this call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. Slides
2 and 3 of our earnings release contain our forward-looking statement disclaimers. All statements that
address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. These statements
reflect our current expectations, but are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and
uncertainties regarding assumptions.

Our SEC filings provide a discussion of some of the factors that could cause material differences in our
actual results. We are providing information on a pro forma basis, prepared in conformity with regulation
FX to provide the most meaningful comparison. We provide a pro forma basis discussion in our earnings
release and slides. Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today exclude
significant items, which can be found in the schedules that accompany our earnings release. We will also
refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure,
where available, and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our
website.

It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Jim.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Thank you, Megan, and thank you, and welcome to the participants joining the call. Earlier today, we
reported fourth quarter and full year results for 2019. Our key operational performance indicators for
the full year are captured on Chart 4. Net sales on a reported basis decreased 3% versus the prior year
primarily due to currency.

On an organic basis, net sales were flat as weather-related declines in North America were offset by
above-market organic growth in other regions. Outside of North America, reported net sales were up
1% and organic sales were up 7%, demonstrating the strength of our pipeline, brands and multichannel
distribution strategy. Operating EBITDA declined 4% compared to prior year, largely driven by currency
and weather-related price and volume declines in North America.

Continued realization of cost synergies, disciplined spending actions, increased sales from new products
and gains on divestitures were a benefit. Operating EBITDA margin declined 10 basis points for the full
year for the company. In Crop Protection, new product sales and gains on divestitures resulted in margin
expansion. In Seed, weather-related price and volume declines in North America drove margin decline.

Selling, general and administrative and R&D costs declined 4% for the full year due to cost synergy
realizations and the benefit from disciplined spending actions. In total, we realized approximately $350

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

million in cost synergies, accelerating $50 million of savings into 2019 relative to our expectations at the
beginning of the year.

Overall, these indicators show that we capitalized on the strict of our product pipeline and realized above-
market organic growth outside of North America. We also delivered on our cost synergy commitments and
intensified our productivity actions to support sustainable operating EBITDA expansion.

Finally, we acted on our portfolio to divest products that are not aligned with our strategy moving forward.

Turning to Slide 5. We have previously talked about ROIC as our key performance indicator to assess
our effectiveness in using capital to generate earnings. We are targeting a sustained mid- to high-teens
percent performance on this metric. Using the 4-quarter average, we delivered a return of 19.8% for
2019. Now this result demonstrates our focus on driving effective risk management, reducing inventory
carryover and maintaining diligence on accounts receivable and collections.

Going forward, our ERP implementation will be critical to maintaining performance at this level. Our
harmonized ERP system will allow our teams to have real-time transparency and actionable data to drive
continued working capital productivity.

Slide 6 highlights our progress on our 5 priorities for shareholder value creation. These priorities guide
our strategic actions and underscore the quality of the results we are committed to achieve. So starting
first on culture, given the historic market backdrop, it is sometimes easy to forget that we launched a
new pure-play agriculture company in June with the new Corteva brand, values and a new purpose. In
our first quarter as a public company, we put in place a cultural transformation called Execute to Win. This
is an example of how we intend to operate differently as Corteva. In 2020, we are targeting $30 million
in operating EBITDA benefit as we get started on delivering our target of $500 million in incremental
operating EBITDA over the next 5 years.

Moving to capital allocation. We look to invest productively in innovation and growth. An example is the
project announced last quarter to add additional manufacturing capacity for key Spinosyn insecticide
products. While continuing to invest in innovation and growth, we are committed to delivering value to
shareholders in the form of quarterly dividends and share repurchases.

In total, our actions returned approximately $220 million to shareholders in 2019. On our priority related
to developing innovated solutions, we received regulatory approvals in 2019 for several proprietary traits.

In February, we received the final import approvals necessary to launch Enlist E3 soybean products and
Qrome corn products.

In late December, China approved our Conkesta insect control trade in soybeans. Conkesta soybean
import approval had been in progress in China since 2014. The receipt of China approval for Conkesta
is a necessary step for commercialization of Conkesta E3 product in Latin America. This is another
important milestone toward trade independence. Today, we announced our intention to accelerate
product development and production of Enlist E3 soybean products, along with Enlist One and Enlist Duo
herbicides ahead of the 2021 selling season.

This decision reflects our focus on rapidly ramping up differentiated technology solutions that we expect
will enable greater choice and value for growers over time.

On our priority around best-in-class cost structure, we delivered $50 million in cost synergies in the
quarter and approximately $350 million for the full year. Overall, we have realized cumulative cost savings
through the end of 2019 of $800 million out of the $1.2 billion commitment expected through 2021.

In 2019, we also authorized and launched an ERP harmonization project that is focused on eliminating
approximately $200 million in cost inherited with the spend.

Finally, weather-related impacts and currency obscured several positive signs of operational momentum
in 2019. Of note, our strong growth in insecticides and our positive organic net sales performance outside
of North America. We took several actions in Seed like launching our global retail brand Brevant and
restructuring our brands in North America to create a more powerful regional anchor brands that we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

expect to deliver above-market growth in the future and continued momentum on share gains in local
markets.

And now I'll turn the call over to Tim to provide some details on our commercial performance.

Timothy P. Glenn
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Thanks, Jim. Starting on Slide 7, I'll provide details on how our teams executed around the globe in terms
of top line performance. 2019 was a very complex and dynamic ag market. But through all of that, I'm
proud of how our teams position themselves to win in the market and deliver above-market growth. In
North America, organic net sales were down 6%. Due to the weather-related delays, approximately 11
million fewer acre of corn and soybeans were planted in the U.S. year-over-year. As a result, Seed units
were down significantly and reduced applications had a negative impact on Crop Protection.

Pricing was challenged due to higher replans in both soybeans and corn, coupled with heightened
competitiveness in the marketplace around soybean pricing. Despite a very challenging environment,
our teams achieved share gains in both pioneer corn and soybeans for the year. Additionally, excluding
replant, we were able to hold price flat for pioneer corn.

In terms of Crop Protection inventories, we see elevated levels in the U.S. market primarily in corn and
soybean herbicides. We also saw strong early demand in the fourth quarter for Enlist chemistry due to
2020 ramp-up.

In Latin America, our team delivered 8% organic growth led by strong demand for new products. We
successfully implemented the brand positioning for Brevant and launched new technology like PowerCore
Ultra, which resulted in share gain in summer corn in Brazil. We did see a more normal start to the second
corn crop for safrinha season, which limited volumes in the fourth quarter, but we expect to see those
sales in first quarter of 2020.

In Crop Protection, new products like Isoclast insecticide contributed to growth as we obtain registration
for the product in Brazil and the overall insecticide market continues to expand.

In Asia Pacific, we delivered 3% organic growth on improved pricing and volumes under challenging and
dynamic market conditions.

Insecticides continue to drive growth, particularly in our Spinosyn product offering, given strong local
demand. Drought conditions limited our opportunity to drive fungicide sales, particularly in South Asia and
Australia.

In Seed, the launch of our Brevant brand in the India corn market and an integrated portfolio approach
around rice continues to be a strategy that enables us to win in the market.

In Europe, Middle East and Africa, gains in volume price led to organic growth of 7% versus a market
growth of around 1%. In Europe, strong demand for new products like Arylex herbicides and Zorvec
fungicide continued to drive top line growth despite regulatory challenges for other products, including
[indiscernible].

We believe that our Seed and Crop Protection business gained share across Europe this year primarily due
to strong demand for new products. In particular, route to market changes in Russian crane drove market
share growth in both corn and sunflower seed.

Now before I turn the call over to Rajan, I want to quickly make a point on Slide 8 that I believe sets us
apart in the marketplace and is at the center of how we operate each and every day. And that starts with
demand creation. Our ability to create demand or market pull for Corteva products and services through
direct contact with farmers. At our core is the focus on servicing farmer customers and our ability to be on
the ground, working closely with them to find technology and agronomic solutions that meet their needs
and address their challenges.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

We use multiple paths to reach farmers, including strong collaboration with our channel partners and
an increasing use of digital technology to support face-to-face contact in the field. There are several
illustrations on this chart, including education of customers on solutions to mention new insect pest that
was threatening their profit livelihood; the introduction of a new rice production system that will deliver
economic, societal and environmental benefits; and the introduction of a new solution that combines Seed
and Crop Protection technologies to address one of the most pressing needs of soybean farmers.

This relentless focus on the customer is something we believe we do better than anyone else in the
industry as we engage with more than 10 million farmers worldwide. As a result, we gained share in Asia
for insecticides. We sold more than 6 million units of Brevant branded corn after just launching 2 years
ago and have overcome portfolio changes in our Brazil corn business as a result of the merger through
share gains, just to name a few.

I'll now turn it over to Rajan to review segment performance.

Rajan Gajaria
Executive Vice President of Business Platforms

Thank you, Tim. Turning to Slide 9, highlighting the performance for full year in both our Crop Protection
and Seed segment.

In Crop Protection, net sales were $6.3 billion, down 3% from the prior year. The decrease was primarily
due to 3% decline from currency. Organic net sales increased 1% from the prior year, partially due
to volume improvement on new and differentiated products. The percent of sales from patented and
differentiated products for 2019 was approximately 30%, up from approximately 25% in 2018.

Crop Protection operating EBITDA was approximately $1.1 billion, down 1%. Unfavorable currency, volume
declines in North America and higher input costs, excluding synergies, drove the decline in EBITDA. The
segment delivered on cost synergies and realize a benefit from new products and gain on divestitures.

For the full year, Crop Protection delivered approximately 30 basis points of operating EBITDA margin
expansion.

In Seed, net sales were $7.6 billion, down 3% for the year. Currency was a headwind of 2%. Weather-
related impacts in North America were partially offset by growth in other regions, particularly
strong demand and pricing on PowerCore Ultra corn products in Latin America, new route to market
enhancements in Europe and market share gains in corn in South Asia.

Seed operating EBITDA was approximately $1 billion, down 9% versus the prior year, reflecting the impact
of the North America weather-related decline, market competitiveness in soybeans and unfavorable
currency. Cost synergies, particularly in R&D and seed production, were a benefit to the segment.

Turning now to Slide 10 for a closer look at several products that contributed to the full year segment
results and are helping to create a clear path for future above-market growth. Starting with insecticides
with overall market grew 6%, Corteva net sales were $1.7 billion, an increase of 10% from the prior year.
Organic net sales were up 14%. This growth was led by our unique Spinosyn franchise.

Outside of North America, Spinosyn contributed 40% of the organic net sales growth for Crop Protection,
despite supply constraints in several regions. As we expect strong market growth in insecticides to
continue, we recently announced our intention to add additional capacity in support of our Spinosyn
insecticide offering. The combined impact of our investments in merger close will essentially double our
capacity at full utilization to address global market growth in insecticides.

Looking next at corn. Net sales were $5.1 billion in 2019, down 1% from the prior year. With nearly 60%
of global corn sales originating in North America, weather-related volume and price impact in that region
resulted in the decline. Though it was a challenging year, we are seeing green shoots starting.

Qrome corn products received China import approval in February 2019 and were offered commercially
across a broad range of geography. In November, we shared the results of our field trial. Pioneer brand

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Qrome products delivered nearly a 7 bushel per acre average yield advantage, measured against all
competitors and comparable technology segments.

In 2020, Qrome products are expected to represent 20% of our online. With the demonstrated yield
advantage, we expect Qrome products to deliver low single-digit price improvements year-over-year. And
today, we announced our decision to accelerate production of Enlist E3 soybeans, along with the Enlist One
and Enlist Duo herbicides.

During the fourth quarter of 2019, we finalized our breeding plans and large-scale product development
time lines that enable the seed ramp-up. We believe Enlist E3 soybeans launched in 2019 in the United
States and Canada are the most advanced weed-controlled trade technology for soybeans. Following the
positive on-farm performance of Enlist E3 soybeans in the fall of 2019, we received supportive feedback
from growers, retailers and independent seed companies. So we have accelerated our ramp-up plans
to deliver this important technology even faster than originally anticipated. We now estimate that Enlist
E3 soybean penetration in 2020 will be 20% of total North America acres, up from the 10% previously
indicated. These are just a few examples of tangible actions that underscore our target of growing 2% to
3% above the market over the midterm.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg, who will provide details on our financials.

Gregory R. Friedman
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Rajan. Turning to Slide 11 for a brief overview of our fourth quarter performance. Net sales
on a reported basis improved 6% versus the prior year primarily due to strong volumes in both North
America and Latin America, partially offset by currency. Organic sales were up 9% with improvements in
both segments.

In Seed, we delivered 13% organic growth, led by both volume and price improvements primarily in North
America and Latin America. Specifically, we recorded higher sales in our multichannel brands in the U.S.
versus prior year due to improved supply chain performance. Continued penetration of new products in
Latin America drove 8% pricing improvement for the quarter.

In Crop Protection, organic sales improved 7% for the quarter on broad-based growth in most regions,
which was led by North America with improved volumes from early demand for Enlist herbicides in
advance of the 2020 season.

In addition, continued ramp of new products, particularly insecticides, in Europe, Middle East and Africa
and Latin America helped drive volume and price improvements. Operating EBITDA of $224 million
improved by $174 million compared to prior year, largely driven by higher sales in both segments,
continued realization of cost synergies and gains on divestitures.

Margins benefited from improved mix from PowerCore Ultra in Latin America and demand for new crop
protection products like Isoclast insecticide and Enlist herbicide. Gains on divestitures, aligned with our
ongoing best-owner portfolio strategy resulted in approximately $70 million of gains in the quarter. R&D
expense was lower by more than $50 million in the quarter compared to prior year due to cost synergies,
timing as well as focused actions to control spending.

Turning to Slide 12 for a year-over-year comparison of operating EPS. Currency was a $0.19 headwind
for the year primarily from the Brazilian real and the euro. Volume and price amounted to a $0.04 decline
year-over-year primarily due to weather-related impacts in North America and competitive pricing in
soybeans.

Costs were better by $0.08 on continued realization of merger-related synergies, which were partially
offset by higher input costs in Seed.

Our base tax rate for the year was 19.6%, representing a reduction of $0.06 compared to prior year. We
generated $0.10 of benefit from foreign exchange gains related to our balance sheet hedging program.
Lastly, other was a $0.02 benefit primarily from gains on divestitures.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Turning now to Slide 13, I'll provide our full year guidance for 2020. Considering our market backdrop,
a few key areas that we continue to monitor include commodity price levels, near-term fluctuations in
trade and expected farm level profitability. There continues to be uncertainties in each of these areas,
which impact customer planting decisions and input purchases. Our full year guidance incorporates caution
relative to these uncertainties.

Touching first on net sales, we expect reported net sales to be approximately $14.5 billion, up about 4%
to 5% over prior year. This primarily reflects normalized conditions in the North America market coupled
with continued ramp of new products globally in both our Crop Protection and Seed segments. We expect
global ag markets will grow at about 2.5% to 3% next year as U.S. corn and soybean area and production
are expected to be higher in 2020 on a return to normal planting season weather.

Global demand for agricultural products continues to be strong, helping reduce ending stocks in both corn
and soybeans. Market opinions differ on the degree of increase for both corn and soybean area, and this
will continue to materialize into the first half as growers make their ultimate planting decisions.

At this point, we expect currency to be relatively flat year-over-year. However, we are closely monitoring
currency movements in Latin America, particularly the real as well as employing hedging strategies to help
manage volatility.

On operating EBITDA, we expect to deliver about 12% improvement year-over-year. With our expected
top line growth and continued focus on delivering cost savings commitments, we expect to improve
margins by approximately 100 basis points for the total company.

Turning to operating EPS, we expect to deliver between $1.45 and $1.55 per share, which would represent
a 5% improvement using the midpoint over 2019. We have provided detailed modeling guidance in the
appendix of our presentation.

Now as it relates to key assumptions incorporated into our guidance, Slide 15 provides more detail.
Starting with above-market growth, 2020 expectations are led by the recovery to normalized conditions in
planted area in the North America market. We are assuming roughly 11 million acres returned with about
2/3 going to soybeans. We will update our assumptions when market data is available as part of the March
prospective planting estimates published by the USDA.

On pricing, we are confident we will realize gains in the low single digits for corn globally. This is a function
of the technology we offer customers and the value it creates in the market.

In North America, we expect pricing lift in corn due to improved mix, primarily from the launch of Qrome
and proprietary seed-treatment offerings.

In soybeans, 2020 will be a continuation of 2019 in terms of price competitiveness. We expect these
trends to potentially amplify this upcoming year and believe soybean prices in North America will be an
approximate $50 million headwind on operating EBITDA year-over-year.

In Crop Protection, new products will continue to ramp globally as registrations expand. In total, we
expect growth from new product sales in 2020 to be approximately $250 million.

Turning to costs. We remain committed and fully expect to deliver on the incremental $200 million in
merger-related synergies. In terms of productivity, we expect to capture approximately $30 million in
operating EBITDA improvement in 2020 as we execute against projects to deliver savings. As part of this,
we are considering a restructuring plan that is subject to Board approval. This program represents the
necessary actions we need to take as an organization to build on a targeted cost structure that is best in
class. We look forward to sharing more details as these plans further develop and we take action.

We expect corporate cost to remain on target at less than 1% of sales. Cost of goods is estimated to have
incremental costs of approximately $150 million, which includes higher unit cost in Seed from lower yields
and increased royalty cost primarily due to the accelerated ramp of Enlist E3 soybeans.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

To close, we expect 2020 to be a year of strong sales, earnings improvement in line with our midterm
targets and are confident we have appropriately dialed in risks based on uncertainties as we see them
today and are fully committed to deliver on the guidance we are providing.

In addition, the organization is focused on maximizing opportunities as market conditions firm and look to
provide updates on those as the year progresses and results materialize.

I'll now turn the call back to Jim.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Thanks, Greg. Before we go to Q&A, I wanted to offer a few final comments on a remarkable year. Without
a doubt, we will remember 2019 as a historic year for our industry and our company. As we look forward,
I'm encouraged by our accomplishments as we navigated unprecedented market conditions to deliver
a solid finish to the year. We've also laid the groundwork to deliver on our commitments going forward.
I've said that Corteva is a different kind of agriculture company and part of that difference is how we
support our customers and partner with society. The agriculture industry has been facing one of the most
challenging periods in history due to weather, trade and regulatory burdens, which have limited access
to new innovations and safe and reliable Seed and Crop Protection products. We are encouraged to see
a resolution to the trade dispute with China, and the passage of the USMCA. We worked closely with
the U.S. government to advocate for more transparent and predictable regulatory approvals as part of
the trade resolution with China, which helped to secure important approvals for Enlist E3, Qrome and
Conkesta.

I testified last July in front of the U.S. Senate Finance Committee in support of the USMCA as a vehicle
to further expand and modernize North America trade and increase grower and consumer access to
innovation. Both trade deals will be positive over the long-term for growers and agricultural demand.

We feel privileged to use our influence as a public company to drive positive societal impacts. It is
our purpose to enrich the lives of those that produce and those who consume ensuring progress for
generations to come.

With that, I'll turn the call back to Megan.

Megan Britt
Investor Relations Director at DowDuPont

Thank you, Jim. Let's move to your questions. I'd like to remind you that our cautions on forward-looking
statements, non-GAAP measures and pro forma financials apply to both our prepared remarks and the
following Q&A.
Operator, please provide the Q&A instruction.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets.

Joel Jackson
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

You talked about in the past about trying to hit a free cash flow conversion target in 2020 of 50% or
maybe a little bit better than 50%, there wasn't anything on the release, the presentation about that or
in the prepared remarks today. Can you give an idea of the puts and takes on free cash flow conversion,
where it might be in 2020, where it might be in 2021?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes. Great, Joel. Obviously, all of that is still coming together. And as we close our kind of first full year,
we're getting new clarity around those numbers.

Greg, do you want to share some more specifics?

Gregory R. Friedman
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Jim. And as Jim mentioned, 2019 cash flow was a complex year, but the first half
incorporating cash flow elements from our heritage companies and the second half really represented
Corteva's results and that validated our ability to manage effectively our seasonal working capital
movements.

So we've remained committed to our target of converting more than 50% of our operating EBITDA into
free cash flow while continuing to grow the top line and improving our margins. Specifically, for 2020,
we're focused on driving working capital productivity that will translate into cash flow improvement in a
year where our business is growing. And also, you'll notice in our guide, our capital expenses are lower
by roughly $100 million than the prior year at the midpoint, which is consistent with our commitment to
manage capital.

And 2020, as I mentioned, will be the first year that we'll have stand-alone cash flows without
discontinued operations and spin-related uses of cash. So we'll continue to provide updates on our
progress on free cash flow conversion for 2020 throughout the year.

Operator

Our next question will come from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Jim, just on the soybean price headwind, I think before you were looking at perhaps soybean price mix to
be flat in North America with price down, mix up, maybe 2% each. Now, I think we're looking at pricing in
soybeans to be down maybe 5% or more. One, is that correct? And two, what caused the change or the
more severe pricing headwind in North America?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes. Great. David, thanks for the question. You're right. We do expect our soybean pricing, primarily
in North America to be down kind of low single digits. And it is a direct response to kind of the market
competitiveness that's going on and the aggressiveness that is out there in the market. It is early and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

early in the invoicing process for soybeans. And we're taking a very selective approach to how we respond
to that. And Tim, you're a lot closer to this on a day-to-day basis, anything else you would highlight?

Timothy P. Glenn
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes, Jim, I would -- I'd highlight that we -- very strong performance in our soybean product line,
especially Roundup Ready 2 Xtend portfolio, and we did come out with the expectation of being flat. The
year started, where our largest competitor in the Roundup Ready 2 Xtend segment came out of the door
by taking their prices down low single digits. So that was kind of the environment we entered the season
in. And I think our value proposition and our performance advantage and service is holding up well. But
it's important to know that we need to take this $50 million and use it on a very selective basis that kind
of shore up our position. So this is not a broad price adjustment, it really is a very specific competitive
response, and we could manage this on a customer-by-customer basis. So just to give you some idea that
$50 million really represents somewhere less than 0.5% price adjustment across that business. So it is
very specific, very targeted and I think it's really important that we use that to shore up our position in
what is a very highly competitive marketplace.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Dave, I would just add, as I step back and think -- we think about overall pricing, we always put that
in the context of 3 areas. The market backdrop is one of them. And I think we've dealt with that pretty
well globally, understanding what our customers are facing. We always put that in the context of our
product performance. And I think we've got about the best lineup in the marketplace from a performance
perspective, so we're going to continue to price for the value that we deliver. And the third element that
Tim mentioned is the competitive response out there. And so it really is, we're focused on one region and
really one product right now. And everywhere else in the world, I'd say, across the board, I feel really
good about where we are.

Operator

Next, we'll hear from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Jim, if I could just ask you on the Enlist rollout that you expect, when do you think you'll have Enlist and
Pioneer germplasm? And then when you -- as you do this, can you help us understand sort of the SKU
complexity and maybe inventory management decisions you're going to have to make? And is this going
to impact working capital at all?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes. Great. Vincent, thanks for the question. From the beginning of the creation of Corteva, we've talked
about creating more choices in the marketplace. And so we're very excited about the announcement that
we put out today about our plans to accelerate the ramp-up of Enlist. I think about that ramp-up over
the next 5 years would be kind of the time frame where we would expect to get to peak penetration,
and it's about a commitment that we're making to the technology and towards that longer-term kind of
proprietary trade and brand strategy that we've been talking to you about. So a real big proof point here
today that we're on that path.

The other thing to remember as we talk about Enlist, it is a system. It includes branded seed sales. So
you're right, there's a Pioneer brand element to this, but also our other multi brands. And maybe I'll have
Rajan share a little more about that around how we're going to manage kind of through the inventory
cycle that you were asking about.

Remember, this also gives us an out-licensing opportunity, so there's income and revenue from out-
licensing. And it's part of that royalty improvement path that we've talked about.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

So with that, Rajan, we have a project team up and running. We've got a detailed plan over the next 3 to
5 years to really manage all of those moving parts. Do you want to share a little more of the detail there?

Rajan Gajaria
Executive Vice President of Business Platforms

Absolutely. Thanks, again, for the question. Just let's start talking about inventory. I think inventory
management is a key area of focus for us from a Seed productivity standpoint, and we have got a lot
of activities initiated as we transition platform. We start really with no carryover from Enlist into our
germplasm. So we've got a very robust plan, so you should not expect an increase in inventory. We will
continue to work with getting the best Pioneer germplasm with the Enlist trait in this. We're already
launching Enlist in the Pioneer brand and with our multichannel brands this year. So we've got a very
robust inventory management plan, which will ensure that the transition doesn't result any increase in
inventory. So thank you for the question.

Operator

We'll go next to Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein.

Jonas I. Oxgaard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the value of Conkesta. What kind of premium you're hoping,
market share and ramp? And also, what happens to Conkesta if buyer loses the patent dispute on Intacta
they're filing right now?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

All right. Thanks, Jonas. You're right. We're very excited to have recently received the China approval
that I mentioned. We'll have that opportunity to stack Conkesta with E3 for something -- for a product in
the Brazil market that we believe will be differentiated, and it's, again, one more step towards that trade
independence that we have talked about.

We need still a little bit of time for that product to kind of be ready for the full launch in Brazil. One of
the things we're waiting on is EU approval for the stack. We've submitted, and we anticipate that this
time in 2021 or so, we'll get those approvals. We also have to go through the same process that we went
through on Enlist around the breeding plan. Accelerate the introgression of that trade into our background
germplasm and that process kind of starts now. So earliest commercialization could be the latter part
2021, and it gives us a real opportunity to drive new market share. Our share in soybeans in Brazil is kind
of in the low single-digit range here today.

So Rajan anything else you'd add?

Rajan Gajaria
Executive Vice President of Business Platforms

Yes, I think just to add on the question, Jonas, about Intacta. We are watching that closely. But really, it
comes back to a value proposition for the growers. We feel very confident about the value proposition that
Conkesta will bring to the marketplace. The Brazilian farmers historically have been always willing to pay
for the right technology, which we bring there. And from a Conkesta perspective, we are very confident
that we should be able to extract value for the technology that we are bringing there for them. So looking
forward to a rapid ramp-up of Conkesta.

Operator

Our next question will come from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

On Page 4 in your press release in your Crop Protection area, you have good growth in your major
subsegments. But in your other category, I think you go from $155 million in revenues to $70 million and
for the year from $382 million to $253 million. What's behind that decrease and because the decrease is
so large, has it come to an end, so that whatever is going on in that category will change for the better in
2020? That's the base case.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Thanks, Jeff, for the question. You're right. That category covers a number of other -- of our other
products in the marketplace. And as part of our portfolio work and we talk about our best-owner mindset,
you see we began to rationalize pieces of those portfolios. And some of those products would have been in
there with revenue, but very, very low margins or contributions to earnings.

Rajan, anything else you'd share about that category?

Rajan Gajaria
Executive Vice President of Business Platforms

I think just building on what you said, I think on the other category, there are products. Sometimes, we
have third-party products, et cetera, that did not necessarily fit there. So we continue to reduce our sales
in some of those products, which have no impact on us. There's also some categories, which is like a
catch-all where you have a miscellaneous bucket as we are working through our systems to see what that
is. So as that category reduces, I think the key message, Jeff, back to you is that we continue to expect a
rapid ramp-up of our products as they move forward. There is a 30 basis point margin expansion in Crop
Protection and that is all a reflection of how we are managing our portfolio actively. So feel very good
about the commitment we have made of 2% to 3% above market growth, which is going to be led by
rapid ramp-up of a lot of new technologies that cuts across all the segments. So no concerns there.

Operator

Our next question will come from John Roberts with UBS.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Is Asia primarily a Northern or Southern Hemisphere market for you? I should know that but I don't. I
don't know whether this quarter and it was down meaningfully is representative? Or is it seasonally low?
And what's going on in there to cause that decline, especially in the Crop Protection chemical area?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes. John, thanks for the question. It primarily is a second half market for us on a calendar year basis,
which we kind of do grew but with the Southern Hemisphere-type performance. So I don't know, Tim, you
want to share more specifics about what happened this year?

Timothy P. Glenn
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. I think Asia, we've had several years of very strong growth, and we actually have business that
transpires over the course of the year. So it's hard to call it first or second, it really is a seasonal business,
and you have multiple seasons in different markets, so we actually do play in all parts. And on the year,
we did see overall growth in the region and growth in both Seed and Crop Protection and continued
strength in particular in the insecticide segment.

So I think what hit us as we came through the year and maybe why we took a little bit off the top was,
you talk about the extended impact of the drought in Australia, that is significant. And we also had
periodic droughts over the course of the season, especially in the Albion countries. So think Indonesia,
especially and at one point, we did have a typhoon in the Philippines, and all those things do impact the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

seasonal business that we have. So it's not quite as I guess is tied to the calendar as we would have
in another market. So it does play a little bit Northern Hemisphere, little bit Southern Hemisphere, but
throughout the year. So again, I think the highlight is we grew nicely in both Seed and Crop Protection,
3% overall in Crop Protection for the year. And again, double-digit growth in our insecticide portfolio,
which, again, is capped by our ability to supply those markets. So we're very satisfied. We believe we did
outperformed the market again, and we continue to have strong expectations for our business in Asia.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes. A number of our new products that we're launching have real utility as well as you've heard us talk
about the insecticide expansions that we're making to continue to supply the Spinosyn products, supply
constraints that will really benefit Asia-Pacific as we go forward as well.

Operator

Our next question will come from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.

P.J. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Can you hear me?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes.

P.J. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

So Jim, you have a lot of levers to pull in 2020. You have new products like Enlist E3 that will be on 20%
of acres, Conkesta, Qrome, you have new products in Crop Protection, you have cost cutting, you're
addressing new markets. So when you look at all these levers, what are the most important levers for you
in 2020 that could create potential upside? And then what are the big risks for you in 2020?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Great. P.J., thanks for the question. When I think about the other -- the key other drivers of additional
upsides to the plan that we have laid out, I think one of the areas would be pricing. We're basically priced
through the first half with offerings that we have out there in the market. There'll be small opportunities
here and there to make adjustments. But that second half pricing opportunity is ahead of us. And as
markets unfold, we'll certainly have a very, very close eye on that.

I think the second upside area revolves around route to the market changes that we've been making
in the U.S., the multichannel and multi-brand opportunities that you have there. And then in places
like Eastern Europe, where we launched the more direct approach and continuing to penetrate in Latin
America. That's about driving share and margin going forward.

And then finally, I think about the cost category, we're clearly laser-focused on continuing to drive
productivity. We're seeing that show up. You'll see a good evidence of that in the fourth quarter. We're
carrying great momentum going into the year. So we have a base plan, but with our Execute to Win
initiatives, we've got 20,000 employees now all around the world, thinking like owners and bringing up
ideas every single day about how to continue to improve productivity. So this would be another area
where we're going to keep driving.

Operator

We'll go next to Duffy Fischer with Barclays.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Patrick Duffy Fischer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Three questions around Enlist. So Tim talked about your big Roundup Ready 2 Xtend customer cutting
price. Does Enlist have to match that in the market or can it move to more of a premium?

Second, Greg talked about royalty cost increasing as you're ramping the Enlist trait. I think that surprises
most people because you own the Enlist trait. So I think most people would have thought that was kind
of a free onboard. So can you talk about the mechanics of why the COGS increases as that goes up? And
then your bump from 10% to 20% of Enlist this year, how much of that was driven by your own Seed and
how much of that was driven by third parties?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Great. Duffy, thanks for the question. And you're right. We're -- there are a lot of moving parts with Enlist.
We're excited about the announcement and the ability now to talk about it at accelerated pace that we
promised you we'd be back to share with you as we close out the year. Why don't I turn it to Tim, and
have you talked about the first and the third one, pricing and the improvement from 10% to 20%?

Timothy P. Glenn
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

No. Duffy, when I think about Enlist pricing today, I mean this a -- kind of think of this is really our
first year of commercial sales, and so there's a tremendous amount of energy. And I wouldn't -- I don't
necessarily see Enlist E3 competing head-to-head with Xtend at this point in time. There's a significant
presence in the market from multiple brands, selling the product as well as Corteva's brands. And I would
say, what you're seeing is some companies are taking a very -- an approach around penetration pricing,
really trying to go out there and drive trial and utilization from farmers. And as you can see, it's had a
tremendous impact.

So again, I don't see it necessarily going head-to-head with the Xtend technology in the market per
se, more about farmers excited to have a choice, a new option in the marketplace. And you're seeing
those market dynamics where penetration pricing is really helping to create some strong momentum for
adoption.

When you think about the move from 10% to 20%, I think it's a combination of both. We're getting very
strong update on E3, particularly in our multichannel business. And obviously, the many other companies
who are in the marketplace today are seeing that same level of adoption. So I think it's broad and really
reflects positive energy from farmers, from retail channel and other Seed companies for having that new
choice, that new option available. So it's great to see that farmer interest really translate into orders at
this point.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

And then the other part of your question, Duffy, is, yes, there are some short-term financial implications of
the decision that we've made, especially in the royalty area. We fully have dialed those into the plan that
we have, the guidance we have. But Greg, you want to share a little more detail around that?

Gregory R. Friedman
Executive VP & CFO

Absolutely. Let me clarify a little bit that the royalty that's increasing is on the Xtend portfolio. So our
2020 royalty costs are expected to increase, as you mentioned, by $50 million. And this change, by the
way, does not have a cash impact. This is related to a change for the rate at which we recognize per unit
royalty expense for Roundup Ready 2 Xtend. And this will require that we report per unit royalty expense
associated with the Roundup Ready 2 Xtend at the current rate rather than the average royalty rate
over the life of the established contracts since inception. So there's no impact to cash, as I mentioned,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

associated with this change. I'll also mention that there is a nonoperating accelerated amortization
expense associated with the prepaid royalties that we have recorded on our balance sheet.

Operator

We'll go next to Don Carson with Susquehanna.

Donald David Carson
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

I guess a question on the current EBITDA walk versus what you've talked about in the past. So as I see
it, you're about $180 million lower on your EBITDA outlook. Is that all due to headwinds? I mean in the
past, you just talked about perhaps $100 million of headwinds. In 2020 now, as I added up, you get about
$250 million. And specifically, you used to talk about a $250 million benefit in 2020 from normalized North
American market conditions. Is that still part of your assumption and you also used to have a $100 million
benefit from new product growth. Is that now higher given some of these accelerations you're making?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Tom, thanks for the question. As we built this 2020 plan, clearly, it's aligned with our midterm guidance
that we've been outtalking about. So this plan is absolutely aligned with those -- with that midterm.
We've put a plan together where we de-risked. We've got a lot of confidence in this plan, and we've got an
opportunity, as you heard a minute to go, to drive for some upsides going forward.

So I'm confident that we've appropriately considered the uncertainties that we've seen today. And then
the plan is consistent with some of the items that we have previously shared before. And the 2 broad
categories, if there's a number of growth items the North America recovery is in there, the synergies and
productivity are in there and the new product portfolio driving forward. So all very consistent with what
we've shared in the past. We've anticipated some headwinds, many of these, very consistent with what
we've also mentioned around soybean prices, higher COGS, some investments that we're making to drive
growth.

So I don't know, Greg, do you want to maybe share a little more detail around those categories?

Gregory R. Friedman
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Don, thank you for the question. And I'll just walk you through the numbers very quickly here. So you
mentioned the North America market return of $250 million due to normalized weather. We are positioned
and ready to realize this effective rebound of the market year-over-year. New products, we're anticipating
$100 million of margin improvement as we bring new technology to market. We talked about synergies
and productivity. We're prepared and executing on projects to deliver that $230 million that we talked
about. You also mentioned headwinds of about $100 million. Those do exist, and they're primarily related
to lower yields than anticipated and increased commodity prices. That's all confirming information that we
previously provided.

So what's new? A couple of things here. We talked about our global corn price increasing. We've got $100
million of global corn price that we dialed in here. This is proof of the value of the innovation that we're
delivering to the market and our ability to price for that value. We did talk about a $50 million potential
reduction in soybean price that's dialed in as well. We also mentioned a $50 million cost for implementing
our ERP system, and then the royalty element that we just discussed of another $50 million.

Additionally, we had some portfolio actions in the fourth quarter as we executed our best-owner strategy.
Those elements are not recurring. So we're not going to see those come back.

And then finally, as Jim mentioned, investments in R&D and selling to bring our new products to market.

Operator

And our last question will come from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Can you hear me?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes. We can hear you now, Adam.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

So a lot of ground's been covered here this morning. I hope maybe just to recap the 100 basis points of
anticipated margin improvement in 2020. Can you walk through the key kind of components, the pluses
and the minuses there? And kind of where opportunities may exist or risks exist in your mind around that
anticipated margin improvement?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Great. Thanks, Adam. Clearly, a lot of that margin improvement is consistent with the new product
launches that we've been driving, bringing new technology. So that would be one aspect.

Second, you hear the strength of our corn portfolio globally and the pricing that we're really driving in that
portfolio, and that's having a nice lift, kind of coupled with the new products, Qrome was an example that
Tim mentioned earlier.

And then finally, we continue to drive productivity. We've got the productivity related to the merger, the
synergies that continue to flow through and finishing those out over the next few years. And then the new
productivity that we're driving as a result of our Execute to Win work. So that -- those are probably the 3
major drivers.

Megan Britt
Investor Relations Director at DowDuPont

Okay. I think that's going to conclude actually the Q&A for the call today. We really appreciate everyone
who joined the call. Thank you so much.

Operator
That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CORTEVA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

