Corteva, Inc. NYSE:CTVA
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 07, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.39

0.59

Revenue  (mm)

3553.69

3956.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-07-2020 11:03 AM GMT

51.28

11.32

1.47

1.49

1.71

5752.71

14348.17

14762.98

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.02

(0.45)

(0.12)

0.39

1.42

(0.39)

0.07

0.59

39.22 %

NM

NM

51.28 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Gregory R. Friedman
Executive VP & CFO

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Megan Britt
Investor Relations Director at
DowDuPont

Rajan Gajaria
Executive Vice President of
Business Platforms

Timothy P. Glenn
Executive VP & Chief Commercial
Officer

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Arun Shankar Viswanathan
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Christopher S. Parkinson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Joel Jackson
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Jonas I. Oxgaard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Patrick Duffy Fischer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Silke Kueck-Valdes
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Corteva Q1 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded.

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Megan Britt. Please go ahead, ma'am.

Megan Britt
Investor Relations Director at DowDuPont

Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the first quarter 2020 earnings conference call for Corteva.
I'm pleased to be joined today by Jim Collins, Chief Executive Officer; Tim Glenn, Executive Vice President
and Chief Commercial Officer; Rajan Gajaria, Executive Vice President of Business Platform; and Greg
Friedman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our comments during this call, which are posted on
the Investor Relations section of the Corteva website and through the link to our webcast.

During this call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. Slides
2 and 3 of our earnings release contain our forward-looking statement disclaimers. All statements that
address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. These statements
reflect our current expectations but are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and
uncertainty regarding assumptions. Our SEC filings provide discussion on some of the factors that could
cause material differences in our actual results. We provide a pro forma basis discussion in our earnings
release and slides. Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today exclude
significant items, which can be found in the schedules that accompany our earnings release.

We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial
measure, where available, is provided in our earnings release and on our website.

It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Jim.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Thank you, Megan, and thank you, and welcome to participants that are joining this call. Before turning
to our normal financial and strategic reporting for the quarter, I wanted to share some thoughts on our
current situation.

Every member of our global team has been tasked to overcome new challenges due to the global health
crisis caused by COVID-19. I am completely in awe of how agile and resilient our team has been through
this crisis, and I'm inspired by how we have leveraged our collective strengths to support our customers
and our communities.

One of our defining values is to live safely. Our crisis response started with ensuring the safety and
security of our global team. In January, we activated a comprehensive crisis management effort. And
by mid-March, set new policies, taking more than 50% of our organization to a work-from-home model,
canceling travel and in-person meetings, ensuring our essential site personnel and field teams were
properly equipped and taking active strides to support every employee. I am exceptionally proud of the
resiliency of our organization, and I'm committed to keeping our team healthy, motivated and intact.

From a business continuity standpoint, as a reflection of our critical role in the global food supply, our
operations were deemed essential. We leveraged our historical investments in supply chain resiliency and
regional production assets to ensure that we could provide reliable product supply for our customers by
quickly pivoting to alternative supply sources when disruptions emerged. To ensure the health and safety
of our customers, we have migrated many field sales and agronomic service activities, normally done
in person, to virtual or remote means and have quickly installed contactless procedures to facilitate our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

physical product deliveries. We are leaning harder on the digital sales enablement tools that we have in
place, taking greater leverage on investments made in those capabilities in the past.

Finally, we are proactively seeking opportunities to partner with society to devise solutions to mitigate the
impacts of this crisis and facilitate a global restart. We are taking actions locally in communities where we
operate to provide support in ways that underpin food security. We are also ready to put our innovation
assets to work to become part of the solution to this crisis.

Most recently, we announced our partnership with the MercyOne Hospital system in Iowa to perform
COVID-19 testing. We have some of the most advanced genetic sequencing capabilities in the world and
are leveraging those assets to support our communities. We've responded aggressively to this current
situation. As a result of our combined actions, I am confident that our team, our operations and our
communities will emerge stronger from this crisis.

So moving to Slide 5. We show our key performance indicators for the quarter. Net sales on a reported
basis increased 16% versus the prior year. Improvement was driven by early seed demand in North
America and Europe, favorable weather and strong operational execution. Currency, particularly in Brazil
and Europe, was a 3% headwind. Portfolio represent a 1% hit in the quarter. On an organic basis, net
sales increased 20%, with double-digit increases in both reporting segments and across all regions.

In Seed, organic sales were up 27% on early demand from favorable weather, the anticipated North
American acreage rebound and improved price, demonstrating the strength of our pipeline, particularly our
Qrome and PowerCore Ultra corn products.

In Crop Protection, organic sales increased 10%, supported by continued growth in new products, notably
Arylex herbicide and Isoclast insecticide.

Operating EBITDA increased 53%, and operating EBITDA margin improved more than 450 basis points for
the quarter.

In Seed, price and volume gains in North America and Europe drove margin expansion. In Crop Protection,
new product sales and merger cost synergies and productivity improvements contributed to gains.

SG&A as a percent of net sales decreased by approximately 260 basis points in the quarter. R&D costs
declined 6%. These improvements reflect the benefit of cost synergies, productivity and ongoing efforts
to drive spending efficiencies. Overall, these indicators show building market momentum for our new
products, supported by strong regional execution that capitalized on favorable weather conditions and
a resilient supply chain to overcome challenges related to COVID 19. We delivered on our cost synergy
commitments and intensified our productivity and spending actions to create operating EBITDA expansion
in the quarter.

Now we made substantial progress delivering on our strategy. I want to underscore that our performance
during this period demonstrates operational excellence, resiliency and our capacity to adapt and deliver.

Slide 6 outlines our 5 priorities for shareholder value creation, and we made progress on each of these.
From a cultural standpoint, we have increased our focus on instilling an owner mindset to reduce spending
and support cash preservation. Now we are taking additional decisive and prudent actions, like delaying
nonessential hiring and dramatically reducing spending to drive further operating leverage. Additionally,
we are also focused on working capital management as a driver of cash preservation and have a cross-
functional cash action team in place. Diligence on cost and cash will reinforce our inherent operational
defensiveness during this crisis.

We are also working on taking additional organizational actions to assure we restart strong. Notably, we
recently announced 2 key executive changes: Dr. Sam Eathington has been named as our Senior Vice
President and Chief Technology Officer, succeeding Neal Gutterson, following his announced retirement.
Sam will lead our global R&D organization. Anne Alonzo has been named our Senior Vice President of
External Affairs and Chief Sustainability Officer and is filling an open role that will help us further our
sustainability agenda. We are excited to have these talented leaders join the Corteva family.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Moving to capital allocation. I'll highlight some actions that we have taken that positively impact our
balance sheet. We have a strong balance sheet and liquidity position, which includes $6 billion in credit
facilities and approximately $2 billion in cash and cash equivalents. We are evaluating further cost-
effective approaches to both strengthen our liquidity and to address our longer-term funding requirements
associated with our primary U.S. pension plan.

In terms of returning cash to shareholders, we recently declared our second quarterly dividend for the
year of $0.13 per share. We have also acted on share repurchases this quarter, with approximately $50
million repurchased.

On our priority related to developing innovative solutions, Corteva recently announced the first product
registrations for Inatreq active in Europe, which adds to a series of early registrations. The favorable
environmental profile of our newest technologies is helping to accelerate the speed of new Crop Protection
product introductions to the market. In Seed, increased adoption of new technology, including Qrome
and PowerCore Ultra enabled Corteva to gain momentum in North America and Latin America despite a
competitive and challenging environment.

On our priority around best-in-class cost structure, we delivered approximately $70 million in cost
synergies in the quarter and remain on track to deliver $230 million in combined merger cost synergies
and productivity savings by the end of the year. This was a large contributor to the over 450 basis point
margin expansion in the quarter.

Finally, on above-market growth, in the quarter, Pioneer seed corn deliveries were up approximately 60%
versus the same period last year, and corn price was up 4% globally, both are strong indicators of our
market momentum.

I'll now hand the call over to Tim to provide some details on our commercial performance.

Timothy P. Glenn
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Thanks, Jim. Starting on Slide 7, I'll provide details on how our teams around the world delivered for
our customers this quarter. In North America, volumes increased 26% compared to prior year. Improved
weather relative to last year has enabled farmers to get to the field on time and in some cases, a little
early. In Crop Protection, expectations for improved spring applications drove increased volumes led
by Enlist herbicide. In Seed, corn deliveries were up due to the recovery of planted area. And even
in a challenging environment, our price for value strategy is working. Adoption of recently launched
technologies, including Qrome, corn seed and Lumialza seed treatment drove price increases during the
quarter.

Turning to Europe, Middle East and Africa. Organic sales increased 11% versus the prior year. We delivered
volume and pricing gains during the quarter as the strong to the season drove demand. These increases
were bolstered by an escalating situation with COVID-19 related concerns, which created a sense of
urgency in some customers. The rapid and efficient responses from our teams demonstrated once again
solid execution in a very challenging time. This responsiveness also served to reinforce the advantages of
the route to market changes we made last year. Together, these helped us to get supply to farmers in a
timely manner.

Crop Protection volume growth was driven by strong demand for new products, such as Arylex and
Rinskor herbicide. In Latin America, our pipeline continues to deliver. Organic sales were up 30% in the
region compared to the first quarter 2019. Strong execution locally and recent Crop Protection and Seed
technology launches allowed us to achieve double-digit volume and price increases, even in the face of
a significant currency headwind. These gains were driven by higher demand, due primarily to a more
normalized safrinha season and were supported by improved mix with recent launches such as PowerCore
Ultra.

In Crop Protection, volume and price gains reflected ramp-up of new technology such as Isoclast
insecticide. And finally, in Asia Pacific, our teams took steps to largely mitigate impacts related to
the COVID-19 crisis, resulting in an organic sales increase of 10% versus prior year. Here, our teams

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

navigated external complexities to get products in customers' hands. The most important takeaway is that
our teams around the globe stepped up, they adapted, they acted quickly and they stayed agile.

Turning to Slide 8. Let's take a look at the pace of seed deliveries in the U.S. through April. Corn deliveries
to the farmers were up significantly compared to this time last year, and this was directly aligned to
what we're seeing with planting progress. The latest USDA progress report indicates we have 51% of
corn planted compared to about 21% a year ago and a 5-year average of 39%. So a strong start to the
year, with weather clearly a source of momentum versus what we were seeing a year ago. In March, the
USDA issued prospective plantings, which indicated 97 million acres of corn. With the recent softening of
commodity prices, particularly corn, there is a likelihood that we can see that corn number come down.
It's still early to be certain on exact acreage. But from what we're seeing and hearing from our customers,
we still expect to see a strong corn crop this year, with at least 95 million acres being planted.

We're also seeing solid signals of a rebound in soybeans with strong early Seed deliveries. Our full launch
of Enlist E3 soybeans is on track. We're seeing solid demand from our growers as they prioritize soys in
the marketplace, and we continue to Enlist soybeans to make up about 20% of the U.S. soybean market
for 2020. We're seeing high level of soybean price competitiveness in the market. However, our teams
are executing with strong internal pricing discipline. We originally estimated pricing would be down mid-
single digits for U.S. soybeans. However, early indication is that we're trending more favorably than that
estimate.

Currency is another area where we're focused as we look to the second quarter and the second half of
2020. The U.S. dollar continues to strengthen. And with this, we're seeing continued devaluation of global
currencies, notably the Brazilian real. While we effectively offset currency headwinds in Latin America in
the first quarter with pricing and mix improvements, we're still evaluating additional strategy to address
what we see as an ongoing currency headwind but will be challenged to fully offset. While we feel good
about the strong execution in the marketplace and the value of our technology is continuing to deliver
for farmers and for Corteva, we're keeping a very close eye on how things are evolving. We're putting
the right plans in place to control what we can against this backdrop. We will continue to focus on strong
demand creation, disciplined internal price management and aggressive cost management.

I'll now turn it over to Rajan to review segment performance.

Rajan Gajaria
Executive Vice President of Business Platforms

Thank you, Tim. Turning to Slide 9, highlighting the performance of first quarter in both our Crop
Protection and Seed segments. In Crop Protection, organic net sales increased 10% from the prior
year, largely due to the growth of new and differentiated products. For the quarter, new product sales
were approximately $180 million, about $70 million better than prior year. This was led by continued
penetration of products such as Arylex and Enlist herbicides and Isoclast insecticide. For Spinosyns, we've
continued to see strong demand for this differentiated insecticide, with volumes up 8% over prior year.

Crop Protection operating EBITDA was $238 million, up 8% improvement over prior year and 50 basis
point improvement in margin. We are tracing our synergies and productivity to the bottom line, which are
partially offset by higher input costs of catalyst materials, unfavorable currency and portfolio impacts.
The first quarter is a heavy North America quarter, with more than 30% of the total Crop Protection sales,
which tends to be more concentrated in non-differentiated products, which are generally lower margins.

Moving to Seed. Organic net sales were up 27% on strong volume improvements from early deliveries in
North America as a result of favorable weather and anticipated recovery in planted area. Penetration of
new products, like Qrome in North America and PowerCore Ultra in Latin America, drove improved pricing
compared to prior year.

Seed operating EBITDA was $581 million, a $256 million improvement over prior year and margin
improvement of greater than 700 basis points. The significant improvement is predominantly due to U.S.
corn volume given the strong margin profile. U.S. corn sales were 40% of total Seed sales in the quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

In addition, operating EBITDA benefited from the continued penetration of new products in the quarter
and pricing gains we recognized on those products.

Turning now to Slide 10 for a closer look at how the strategic design of our supply chain is proving to
be resilient coming into the global crisis. Stepping back a bit, when we designed the supply chain for
Corteva, we made certain that flexibility and agility in supply were at the foundation of our strategy. We
were successful in implementing the structure which allowed Corteva to enter this crisis in a very strong
position.

In the quarter, the industry observed supply outages in major geographies, including China and India,
due to the COVID-19 restrictions. While many companies were impacted, we experienced minimal
disruption given our supply chain design. Specifically, more than 80% of our total Crop Protection sales
are supported by multi-source supply resiliency, including approximately 65% with a U.S.-based source.
This regulatory and source flexibility allows us to be proactive, in not only how we think about sourcing
product to meet customer demand, but also to optimize our supply and limit our risks for outages in the
chain.

In addition to this critical resiliency design element, we also have staged our formulation and packaging
plant, which produce our final product as close to the end use market as possible to be responsive to shifts
in demand. This element, along with a broad logistics supplier base and strategic inventories all along the
supply chain, provide additional agility in times of disruption. Another example of this resiliency is in the
Seed, where North America and Europe corn delivery increased by double-digits in the quarter compared
to prior year.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg, who will provide details on our financial position.

Gregory R. Friedman
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Rajan. Turning now to Slide 11. I'll provide more perspective on the strength of Corteva's
balance sheet and access to liquidity as well as share some cash preservation actions we are taking during
this crisis.

Our liquidity position starts with an optimized capital structure and a strong balance sheet. As a financial
policy, we aim to maintain an A- credit rating to support our customer financing program, which provides a
competitive advantage in the marketplace and our seasonal working capital needs. We rely on a $5 billion
commercial paper program to fund our working capital needs in a cost-effective way. Commercial paper is
just one of our inter-year tools in funding working capital. We have access to $6 billion in revolving credit
facilities to backstop this program, along with a $1.3 billion repurchase facility that we renew annually. In
total, we have approximately $8 billion in liquidity, including the $2 billion in cash and cash equivalents we
have on our balance sheet.

During the quarter, we recognized periodic tightness in commercial paper markets as a result of the global
crisis. Although our ability to access liquidity in the market was not shut, we did experience dislocation in
rates and desired maturities that were not optimal for our needs. This led us to draw down $500 million on
our credit facilities in the quarter. This illustrated how the tools in our liquidity structure are effective.

I'm very confident in our liquidity position today despite the global crisis and the impacts that it is creating
on markets. However, given the uncertainties, we are taking prudent actions to preserve cash. It starts
with working capital, including driving better productivity in how we use our balance sheet to support
our customers. This includes tighter risk management of inventory production, SKU optimization and
supply chain effectiveness to improve our inventory position. Additionally, we are working closely with
customers to manage collections and drive down day sales outstanding and past dues, and we're seeing
good progress here.

Next is cash earnings and limiting spending to maximize our cash savings for the period. We are taking
actions to evaluate R&D investments and align those investments with near-term commitments and
returns but are not sacrificing investments for above-market accretive growth. In addition, we now
expect that capital expenditures will be approximately $500 million for the year, the low end of our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

prior guidance, as the organization rationalizes capital spend with cash requirements and near-term
commitments. These actions on cash conservation will continue to bolster our already strong balance
sheet.

Moving to a discussion of our outlook on Slide 12. We are suspending our full year guidance due to the
global COVID-19 crisis, which is creating significant uncertainty for global markets. As an organization, the
environment is changing daily as this crisis unfolds, creating impacts on our business that we are unable
to quantify today. There are several key areas that we are monitoring that will ultimately impact our full
year financial results. Given our strong execution in the quarter and heightened visibility on the progress
of the Northern Hemisphere growing season, I'll provide some observations on the first half.

As you know, most of our full year operating EBITDA is recognized in the first half. In terms of top line
growth for the half, it has led by the market rebound in North America and the expectation to see a
combined 13 million additional acres between corn and soybeans, with about 40% going to corn. We are
monitoring what ultimately gets planted this season, given recent softening in commodity price levels.

We have had good visibility on pricing at this point for the half and are confident that we will deliver low
single-digit price improvements in corn globally. For soybeans, we have previously said we expected price
to be down around $50 million for the full year. On the basis of recent soybean deliveries, we are trending
favorably to that estimate for the first half and expect that U.S. soybean prices will likely be down low-
single-digits.

New product sales in Crop Protection are trending in line with prior expectations, and we would expect first
half sales from new products to be up approximately $120 million, excluding currency. Overall, organic
growth in the first half is estimated to be approximately 6%.

Looking at currency, we are seeing significant disruptions in global currency, specifically, the Brazilian real,
when we issued guidance in January, we expected to use a combination of pricing and financial hedging to
mitigate any currency headwinds, assuming a BRL to USD exchange rate of BRL 4.25. In April, the market
observed rates that were, in some cases, 30% above our assumption.

Our teams are focused on executing mitigation efforts, including pricing actions, spending reductions and
implementing financial hedging tools. However, given the extent of currency volatility so far this year,
the full year implications are difficult to forecast. For the half, we expect an approximate $150 million of
earnings headwinds from currency.

Turning to cost. For the year, we remain committed on the execution and realization of our synergy and
productivity commitments and would expect to recognize approximately $115 million in the first half. For
the most part, our cost of goods headwinds are playing out as expected, with an estimated $150 million
impact for the year from increased unit costs due to lower corn yields and higher soybean royalty costs.
For the half, we expect to see about 75% of this headwind in our results.

In addition to our merger-related synergies and productivity actions, we are initiating targeted spending
actions across the entire organization. This is to both preserve cash and create more resiliency in our
results. Through these actions, we expect to achieve annualized savings of approximately $100 million,
partially offsetting higher commissions and ERP costs. For the first half, we would expect roughly 1/3 of
those savings to be realized. There are more details on first half indicators in the appendix for reference.
We will provide updates on key second half indicators, most notably, currency and 2021 corn acreage
expectations throughout the year.

I'll now turn the call back to Jim for some final comments.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Thanks, Greg. The strategy that we have in place is clearly delivering results. While we are in a crisis, we
are not swayed from our purpose to enrich the lives of producers and consumers. In light of the current
environment, this purpose has been endowed by a new sense of urgency and an unwavering resolve that
is felt across the entire organization. We will do everything in our power to support our global teams, our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

customers and our communities to ensure a brighter future awaits on the other side of this challenging
time.

I'll turn the call back to Megan for our Q&A.

Megan Britt
Investor Relations Director at DowDuPont

Thank you, Jim. Let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our caution on forward-
looking statements, non-GAAP measures and pro forma financials apply to both our prepared remarks and
the following Q&A.
Operator, please provide the Q&A instruction.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Jim and Greg, in terms of pulling the full year guidance, I know there's some uncertainty about Q4
results in Brazil in terms of real. Have you -- when you set pricing to potentially offset that -- those FX
headwinds? And how much productivity can you get? Could you get? So really, what can you offset from
the real in that November, December time frame with pricing productivity?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Great, David. Thanks for the question. And you're right. The concerns that we have looking into the
second half of the year really relate to our Brazil soybean business. And we've had some delays, the
growers are right now kind of unwilling to commit to taking some of the early shipments that we have
seen in the past. So you know we recognize our revenue when we ship seeds. So over the next 90 days,
this whole scenario will really play out as our sales teams are really working in that marketplace to
set prices. So one of the great tools that we have is around pricing. And once we price that seed, then
working with our sales teams and growers to take delivery.

As those deliveries get delayed sometimes into October or November, that's really the window that we face
the currency exposure because we've set an invoice, we've got a price to a grower, but we can't recognize
that revenue until we deliver it much later in the year. So we're evaluating other tools that we would have
available, different hedging tools and other tools. And maybe I'll ask Greg to say a few words about how
we're approaching that part of the answer.

Gregory R. Friedman
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, David, and thanks, Jim. There's a couple of other things I would add here. We have -- we
do have some natural hedges with respect to the local seed production that we do in each of our regions
as well as our formulation and packaging activities that we have within the region. So that is a bit of a
natural hedge and then once we are able to obtain the commitments over the next 90 days from our
customers to take product in the fourth quarter, that's when we'll look at evaluating mitigation tools and
activities, as Jim mentioned.

Operator

And next, we'll move to Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I'm kind of looking at Slides 14 and 15 here in Latin America, and I'm just trying to understand the
difference between Crop Protection and Seed in terms of 6% price versus negative 13% currency in Crop
Protection and 16% price and negative 9% currency in Seeds. So what's the mix effect there? Or why are
those numbers so -- why are the currency numbers so different, first of all? And then why are you able to
achieve so much price in Seed versus Crop Protection?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes. Great, Vince, and thanks for the question. Clearly, you have a number of effects going on here.
Some of this is related to new products, strong demand for PowerCore Ultra, and that allows us to drive

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

stronger pricing based on product performance. Then we also have the new Crop Protection portfolio of
products that are launching, Isoclast new insecticide that is doing quite well. And so we get a nice mix
effect associated with that as well. Tim, what else would you add?

Timothy P. Glenn
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. Jim, I think you touched on the big points. I mean in Seed, we're getting tremendous benefit from
mix and new technology adoption, and that's very much having a positive impact on our results this year.
So -- and then we've got the natural benefit of being able to produce locally as well. That gives us a little
bit of hedge against currency.

Operator

And next, we'll move to Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein.

Jonas I. Oxgaard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I was wondering, it looks like your performance this quarter vastly outpaced your main competitor. I
realize that some of that might be North America pulling forward and realizing the prices in a different
time frame. But even Latin America and Asia, you're still outpacing them. Can you give us some highlights
of what's going on here? Is it share gain? Or is it just recognition?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Thanks, Jonas, for the question. Part of it is, as you have said, we deliver seed to growers on pretty much
as demand or real-time basis. So in North America, clearly, this market, the season broke early. And so
really weather dictates, mother nature dictates kind of the flow of the business. You saw it in 1 of the
charts that Tim Glenn was mentioning where, just in the last 3 days of the quarter, we had $100 million
worth of deliveries of seed in North America.

So it starts with a story around the season has really been favorable, and we've gotten off to a great start
based on timing. But then I would add an intensity and a focus that our teams have had around the world.
You saw it in our momentum that we carried through the fourth quarter of 2019. It rides on the back of
one of the best lineups and portfolios that I've seen in my time with the business, both in Seed and Crop
Protection. It was also an intensity and a focus on value. And so we had our teams out there focused on
pricing for and delivering on the value equation that we had.

And then as we've said, we've made some key investments in markets around the world and our changes
of our route to market, so that we're more focused and more connected to customers. So in a time like
this where this crisis has unfolded, I really believe that, that business model, that route-to-market model
is paying off in a huge way because we have a connection and an ability to react and agility that the way
others go-to-market may not quite have. Tim, what else would you add to my comments?

Timothy P. Glenn
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

I think you touched on, clearly, execution and new technology are a big part of what's helped support the
performance so far this year. I think the question, Jonas, around market share, what I would tell you is
I think it's a little bit early to call that right now just because of the uncertainty that we have in terms of
what the final planted acres will be. So that will be something that we're going to continue to watch.

What we felt is very good about the -- our book of business throughout the year. We've heard a lot of
positive momentum in many markets coming out of 2019, and it set us up for, I think, a really good start
to this year. And I would say, generally, our product performance overall, not just with new product,
technologies in Crop Protection, but in terms of Seed performance relative to the competition has been
really outstanding and been well-received in the market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

So we feel good about where we're at. It's too early to call, and we're anxious to continue to deliver,
especially in the Northern Hemisphere as the markets play out here in the second quarter.

Operator

And next, we'll move to Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

Silke Kueck-Valdes
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

It's Silke Kueck on for Jeff. In terms of your cost reduction program, so you achieved like $70 million
of the $230 million you're trying to achieve. Can you tell how much of that is sort of savings that are
associated with like the shorter-term programs you put in place to cancel travel and delay nonessential
hiring? And of the $230 million that you're targeting this year, do you think that any of these savings will
be a headwind in 2021 because some of these initiatives are really shorter term in nature?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Great question. Thanks. Clearly, we really have 3 things going on with some of the spending reductions.
We have the continuation of carrying forward on the synergy programs that we've had in place, so there's
a part of that is still continuing to show up, and we're committed to, not only this year, but finishing
out that overall commitment next year. So there's some durability in those savings as they roll -- as we
continue to roll those through.

Then on top of that, there's the new productivity program that we've announced, our Execute to Win
initiative that is beginning to drive some cost reductions associated with those productivity areas, and
you'll be familiar with some of the announcements that we've made around some additional restructurings
globally to take advantage of that.

But then third, there is no doubt that there are cost savings that are beginning to show up here at the
end of first quarter, and we'd expect to see more in the second quarter that are associated with the
crisis, the stance that we've taken around working from home, so travel was much lower. We've certainly
taken a very hard look at hiring through the remainder of the year, our marketing, our promotion and our
advertising spend also being affected. Some of those costs, you would expect to return a little bit into
the next year. But by and large, we're taking a real critical look at all of these expenses, and I think what
we've learned a little bit through this crisis is we've found some new ways to work, some new tools to
work. And I'd expect that many of those costs we'll be able to count on as continued savings year-over-
year. Greg, anything else that you would add to the explanation?

Gregory R. Friedman
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I just want to add that I would separate the $200 million of synergies, the $30 million of productivity,
that was in our plan, and we're executing against that plan. This incremental $100 million that Jim talked
about, that's as a result of the crisis and specific actions that we're taking that Jim mentioned. We're going
to take the opportunity to try to sustain as much of that as possible into '21 and beyond. But some of
those costs will return as things come back to normal.

Operator

And we'll move to Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets.

Joel Jackson
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

This is going to be a tough question because it's like a second derivative, but I mean [ investors are ]
asking about it for the last 2 months. So you know the 2021 set up and the late '20 setup, so if we get
trend yield here, and it's a good crop in the U.S. and with corn ethanol are doing -- maybe you could talk

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

about what you would see here for lower corn acres in 2021 in the U.S., how that could play out for your
Q4 deliveries here? And then how that fed into the reason to pull the full year guidance?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Great. Thanks, Joel, for the question. So yes, part of the reason is -- for that is some uncertainty around
the setup for 2021, and that has an impact on our fourth quarter shipments of seed. Both the retail brand
that we have been shipping, we see some earlier than our normal first quarter shipments that show up in
the fourth quarter. And we're continuing to drive our product portfolio and performance to try to get some
advanced sales out there. So it's the uncertainty of that corn market that we're really watching.

You've got a few things going on there. You've got the ethanol demand situation, so we'll have a large
harvest, we believe, coming off this year and not having that ethanol demand to begin to take up that
crop depresses some commodity prices. On the opposite side of that, you have China and the purchases
that they're making, and we're seeing strong indications by China today on what those purchases could
look like. When we sit back and take a macro look at it, our assumptions right now is that we could see
a 5 to 7 million acre decline in corn. And so that -- it's a little early to call that, but that's our working
assumption right now. And Tim, anything else you would add to that?

Timothy P. Glenn
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

No. I think, Jim, I think you're spot on. I mean we feel really excited about where we're at right now
because we've got over 1/2 of the U.S. corn crop plant, and we got about 1/4 of the soybean crop, but
you got to remember, we got to get this crop harvested and produced throughout the season and plus
we've got 2 seasons in Brazil. We've got a summer corn season or spring season, and then we've got the
second safrinha season all there before we would even plant again in the Northern Hemisphere.

So we got a long way to go here, but I agree with you, Jim. The indications would indicate lower corn
acres for next year, but it's still within that 10-year range that we've operated in. And we -- over a 10-year
period, we've been in that, call it, 88 million to 97 million range for corn. So we're still in that same range
kind of maybe just slightly below average over that 10-year horizon. So we got a lot in front of us. And
clearly, the economics of the crops are going to dictate as well as policies are going to have a huge impact
that are going to play out over the course of the year.

Operator

And we'll move on to Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

I was hoping to get just any incremental color. I didn't get a lot of discussion today around Enlist and kind
of market performance, is that now commercially in the market? It sounds like you're maybe a little less
negative on soy seed pricing than you were in late January. So just help us think about that. And then
just a clarification, I think there was a comment around North America Crop Protection as being a lower
kind of value quarter, so there's a margin mix headwind, but there's also allusion to strong Enlist sales in
the period in North America in the slides. And so I just want to make sure I heard that right and reconcile
that.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Great. Thanks, Adam. Maybe I'll start with a high level. I'll ask Tim to talk a little bit about Enlist and how
we're feeling about that lineup, and then maybe Rajan to talk a little bit more about the final part of that
question.

From a pricing perspective, you're right, we're feeling a little bit better about the discipline and the focus
that we've had with our soybean prices in North America especially. We had guided, as we entered into

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

2020, that it would be a competitive market. And by and large, we've seen that. At the same time, we
deployed some very strong internal pricing discipline that allows us to manage our discounting with much
tighter controls that we've had in the past. And so that's -- we would estimate as we sit here today that
we'll probably do better in soy pricing than we had originally planned.

And that's, I think, I will attribute to just the internal discipline that we have out there. We still have a lot
of that market ahead of us, only about 40% of soybeans -- of our soybean shipments have been delivered
here, and that will play out, by and large, through the rest of the quarter. Do you want to talk a little bit
about Enlist, Tim?

Timothy P. Glenn
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. I'll just -- on the pricing, I just want to close up there saying, we knew we were going to go in really
competitive season. We had other players in the marketplace to indicate that early with how they started
the year, and so we took extra steps to make sure we have a strong process in place so that we can
manage those discounts internally and really, just internal discipline. And I think why we feel good and
why we've been able to maybe -- or I guess, reduce what we thought the discounting might be is really,
I think, a testament to the strong performance that we've got. And the fact that we are carrying over, I
think, relative to the competition, we've got the strongest portfolio of products in the marketplace and
customers are supporting that. So wanted to reinforce that on price. And Rajan, any comments there on
Enlist?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Enlist as well as our product lineup in the first quarter.

Rajan Gajaria
Executive Vice President of Business Platforms

Sure, Jim. Thanks a ton for the question. So related to Enlist, we are on track, actually very excited about
the launch here. We had said that about 20% of the market would be Enlist soybeans. We are seeing that
we are on track to deliver that as a part of our portfolio and the whole adoption of the technology there,
too. The demand for Enlist herbicide, which is a precursor to have the soybean shipments will come also
looks very exciting. So we are on track for delivering against the performance of Enlist.

That's true here, obviously, with what we are talking about with Enlist E3 in soybeans. But we continue to
see good progress on that in cotton across the globe. We have some opportunities if you look at Enlist. So
the whole Enlist system is on track to deliver.

Going to the question on Crop Protection margin in the first quarter, you are right, we mentioned that, if
you think about our product mix, a lot of our new product launches where the margin expansion is there,
we start seeing them in the second quarter and in the second half. In the first quarter, it is primarily in
North America, where we have the herbicide business, that we've got good differentiated products. But the
margin on those are lower than our new product ramp-up, which we have. I would take the opportunity to
tell you that we are on track to deliver against our Crop Protection, new product launch opportunities that
we see there. So just thought I'd reinforce that.

Operator

And we'll move to John Roberts with UBS.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I believe the bundling incentives are recorded completely in the Crop Protection segment. For the revenue
that was involved, how much was the total revenue involved in customers that took advantage of bundling
so far? And how is that split between Seeds and Crop Protection?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, John, for the question. And you're right. You do see in that Crop Protection margin
discussion, in addition to the mix that Rajan just mentioned, we do have some of those incentives that
show up against Crop Protection revenue here in the first quarter. We'll benefit against that as those
products start to flow and growers start to take delivery of those key purchases. We are excited about the
opportunity to work with a grower to understand our availability of that Corteva acre, we call it. It's -- we
get a seed opportunity, we get the seed treatment opportunity, we get herbicide set up. And then as the
season unfolds, additional insecticide and fungicides in [ grown ] crops here, primarily in North America.
We had launched that program last year and saw some initial successes, but we're really excited about
some of the early successes we're seeing now as we get into the season. Anything else you would add to
that, Rajan?

Rajan Gajaria
Executive Vice President of Business Platforms

No. Jim, I think you covered the main points. The 1 thing which I would add is that we are really excited
about how this program is going to continue to evolve because one of our biggest growth opportunities
is to make sure that Crop Protection business and how we have the footprint on the Seed side can come
together. Now the way the program has been administered, it did have a pricing impact from a grower
incentives for the first quarter. But in terms of the overall growth prospects as this gets rolled out again
for the second season, we are very optimistic about how it's going to help both our businesses continue to
move forward.

Operator

And we'll hear from Duffy Fischer with Barclays next.

Patrick Duffy Fischer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I was having a hard time just bridging into Q2 because last season was so late, this season was so early,
just to get that split right. But if I take your 6% growth in the first half, that would be about an increase
of about $550 million year-over-year for the half. You did about that exact same number in Q1. So that
would lead me to believe that sales in Q2 are flat excluding currency. So one, is that fair? And two, if
that's the level, how should we think about margins this Q2 versus margins last Q2, again, excluding
currency?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Thanks, Duffy. You're right on kind of how those sales are flowing kind of year-over-year. Again, we did
carry some good momentum coming out of fourth quarter into first quarter, and you see that market
recovery that we expected in North America as we saw that 13 million acres of corn come back into
planted area. The other thing you have going on is our pipeline, as Rajan mentioned, we start to see some
of our newer products showing up more in the second quarter. So Greg, anything else you'd add to the
margin question?

Gregory R. Friedman
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, absolutely. As you take that top line down to EBITDA, there is a currency impact that does translate
down to EBITDA as well. So that would be a negative. But as we mentioned earlier, the additional
spending actions that we're taking, resulting from COVID-19, working from home, reducing travel,
reducing nonessential spend, all of those actions are going to help us further offset some of that impact as
well.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

And next, I'll move to PJ Juvekar with Citigroup.

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

You mentioned a couple of things about increased cost, one was the increased seed cost due to
unfavorable yields from last year. So can you talk about that? And second one was higher royalty
payments, probably for Roundup Ready 2. And what was the impact of that? And then just related to
these royalty payments, what's the long-term opportunity for Corteva to reduce your payments to buyer?
And that's one of the key parts of your thesis for many investors. So just can you address that?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Great. PJ, thank you. Yes, we had guided -- as we built our plan for 2020, we guided that we would have
some higher costs related to yields that we saw in 2019, and those are essentially unfolding exactly as
we expected that they would. So nothing new there. Those are flowing through about like we thought.
The royalties that you mentioned in our plan for this year, they're about on track with what we expected.
We're going to have the units of Roundup Ready 2 Xtend. We had some slight adjustments, though. As
you know, we made the announcement back in January of our successful -- the science evaluation of the
Enlist E3 system and made a commitment to more aggressively launch and ramp up the Enlist, and that
had a slight effect on our royalty rate as we take up those costs into COGS.

The final part of your question is a good one. And I'll start and maybe ask Rajan to say a few other words.
We know that as we pivot and bring the Enlist rate and convert our portfolio from Roundup Ready 2 Xtend
to Enlist E3, that there is a dramatic reduction in the royalty rates that we paid today. It's the time frame
by which we can make that conversion that we're still understanding. But through the mid- to late '20s,
we ought to be able to rotate ourselves completely out of Roundup Ready 2 Xtend in favor of Enlist.
Anything else, Rajan, you would add to update that?

Rajan Gajaria
Executive Vice President of Business Platforms

I think you hit it on the nail on the head. The 1 thing to clarify is that the increase is definitely limited only
to the Roundup Ready 2 Xtend part of our business. And as that business shrinks, you will see that royalty
rate change. But we're really excited, PJ, about the whole ramp-up of Enlist, and that creates another
opportunity for us to get royalty income coming in. And I think at this point of time, we mentioned that
20% of the acres are going to be soybean, and that in-licensing opportunity also continues to unfold in
front of us. So we are on track to deliver.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Greg, anything else you'd add on royalty?

Gregory R. Friedman
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Just a couple of things. Number one, the Roundup Ready 2 Xtend royalty largely is going to impact
the second quarter because our soybeans are typically delivered more into the second quarter. There's
only a little bit in the first quarter, so just from a timing perspective, keep that in mind.

Secondarily, this increase in royalty rate is a noncash expense. It's an increase to the cash rate because
we're amortizing over a shorter period of time. So it is a noncash royalty expense.

Operator

And we'll move on to Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.

Arun Shankar Viswanathan
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

I just wanted to go back to the outlook for 2020. So arguably, FX is definitely variable. And then the
back half of the year in Latin America and other regions are also variables. In addition to those 2 items, I
guess, what else would you call out as some things you're kind of particularly watching or particularly have
emerged as greater concerns within the last quarter or 2?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Great, Arun. Thanks for the question. It really is those -- it's 2 major factors. It's FX rates related to our
fourth quarter Brazil business. And we feel really good about the setup for that safrinha market and our
product performance and the -- on both Seed and Crop Protection looks really good. So the demand side
of that equation, we feel good about, it's the FX effect of that 30% of our revenue that we deliver from
Brazil in the second the year.

The second element is related more to kind of North America demand for our Seed shipments in the fourth
quarter. As we begin to take orders from growers, we begin to book business. And our seasonality has
actually, over time, as we've launched our retail brands and done more in retail, we see demand for corn
show up in fourth quarter. And we just have some uncertainty. If -- as Tim mentioned, if we saw 5 million
to 7 million acres of corn come out of the market going into next year, still, on average, about an average
season down around that 90 million acre, 88 million to 90 million acres, so it's not a huge downside. It's
still more of an average season, but it is a change year-over-year. And so we want to understand that
demand change and that uncertainty before we true-up that guide.

Operator

And our last question today will come from Chris Parkinson with Credit Suisse.

Christopher S. Parkinson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. Can you just talk a little bit more about your Qrome ramp? Just what you're hearing initially from
customers and your penetration expectations for this year, and then just over the intermediate term, let's
say, '21, '22? What's the best way to think about that?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Great. Thanks, Chris. Tim, do you want to update on Qrome?

Timothy P. Glenn
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. Qrome launch has been very successful. We had talked about essentially converting around 70% of
our triple stack lineup into Qrome this year, and we've successfully been able to do that. So I think what
you see over the next 2 years, Chris, is that it basically replaces the other triples and it'll become the
standard product that we offer in that segment across North America.

So in terms of contributor to performance, it was a contributor to first quarter, and it will be a contributor
to first half performance and really helped us capture some price and value in the marketplace in a tough
challenging year. So we're excited, and it has been well received, and it will become our standard going
forward.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Absolutely. It's playing out about like we thought.

Megan Britt
Investor Relations Director at DowDuPont

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

So with that, I want to thank you for joining the call. We appreciate your interest in Corteva. And on the
behalf of the entire Corteva team, I really wish you good health and safety.

Operator
And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

