CSX Corporation NasdaqGS:CSX
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 21, 2021 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.01

0.99

(1.98 %)

1.02

3.65

3.60

(1.37 %)

4.39

2785.27

2825.00

1.43

2827.03

10540.36

10583.00

0.40

11424.68

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-20-2021 5:01 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.95

0.64

0.93

1.01

1.00

0.65

0.96

0.99

5.26 %

1.56 %

3.23 %

(1.98 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Bill Slater
Head of Investor Relations

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Jamie J. Boychuk
Executive Vice President of
Operations

Jason H. Seidl
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Kevin S. Boone
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Allison M. Landry
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Bascome Majors
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Brandon Robert Oglenski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

David Griffith Ross
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Jonathan B. Chappell
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Justin Trennon Long
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Securities, Research Division

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Walter Noel Spracklin
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the CSX Corporation Q3 (sic) [ Q4 ] 2020 Earnings
Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.

[Operator Instructions]

For opening remarks and introduction, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Bill Slater, Chief Investor
Relations Officer for CSX Corporation.

Bill Slater
Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on today's call are Jim Foote, President and Chief
Executive Officer; Kevin Boone, Chief Financial Officer; and Jamie Boychuk, Executive Vice President of
Operations. On Slide 2 is our forward-looking disclosure, followed by our non-GAAP disclosure on Slide 3.
With that, it is my pleasure to introduce President and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Foote.

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Bill, and thank you to everyone listening in today. I want to begin by recognizing all of CSX's
employees for continually responding to the challenges of 2020. Our results are a testament to our
amazing people and the strength of our company. The core principles instilled over the last few years
allowed us to act decisively with coordinated effort and alignment across the company.

Over the course of the year, we re-examined every process from the ground up to identify and eliminate
unnecessary steps across the railroad. And as a result, uncovered significant opportunities to build upon
the progress made during our transformation.

These changes will provide benefits for years to come.

Now let's turn to Slide 5 of the presentation and our fourth quarter financial results. Operating income
grew 5% to $1.2 billion and the operating ratio improved 300 basis points to a new fourth quarter record
of 57%. Our reported earnings per share were $0.99, but I want to point out that this figure includes a
$0.05 per share charge related to the early retirement of debt.

For the full year, despite lower overall economic activity and historic demand volatility, CSX produced a full
year operating ratio of 58.8%, exceeding our initial guidance of a 59% operating ratio.

Moving to Slide 6. Fourth quarter revenue declined 2% on 4% higher volumes as intermodal revenue
growth was more than offset by lower fuel surcharge revenue and declines in coal. Merchandise revenue
and volume were flat as revenue growth in chemicals, ag and food, metals and equipment and fertilizers
was offset by declines in other markets and lower fuel surcharges. Intermodal revenue grew 6% on 11%
higher volumes to new quarterly record levels. This performance was driven by a combination of strong
demand for transportation services due to inventory replenishments and volume growth from East Coast
ports. Coal revenue was down 18% on 9% lower volumes as the coal business continues to be negatively
impacted by lower domestic utility demand, industrial production and global mid-spark prices.

Other revenue was down 6% as increased intermodal storage revenue was more than offset by a higher
reserve for freight and transit and lower demurrage charges.

Turning to Slide 7. We remain committed to being the safest railroad. In the fourth quarter, we achieved a
new quarterly record low number of personal injuries, and full year record lows for both personal injuries
and train accidents. While our efforts to build a culture of safety can be seen in the annual performance
trends, we can always be better. We have launched new near miss and workplace hazard reporting
programs that encourage employees to report potential safety concerns. We are also working to increase

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

awareness of incidents and trends by conducting joint terminal tours with CSX management and local
labor representatives. This proactive approach to reporting and communications is helping drive increased
employee engagement as we identify and eliminate unsafe practices across the railroad.

Turning to Slide 8. We have previously discussed how the use of autonomous car and track inspection
technologies is helping us meet our safety goals, and we will continue to invest in new programs to
improve safety. However, we have a much broader vision on the increased use of technology in our
business. Technology is foundational to our growth. We are actively investing in new technologies across
the railroad, but are barely scratching the surface of what is possible. We are making our intermodal
yard smarter and more autonomous. We are piloting programs that will further fuel efficiency, such as
allowing us to optimize speed across the full trip of a train. And in the field, we're getting rid of paper-
based processes and converting to digital ones that allow faster communications, better data capture and
improve safety compliance.

As we look to the future, we are upgrading our dispatch system to lay the groundwork for enhanced
network performance through dynamic real-time routing decisions. We see opportunities to implement
predictive analytics in our maintenance programs to both reduce mechanical failures and more
systematically identify areas of track most in need of investment. Additionally, beyond these significant
operating benefits, we are investing to improve our customer experience and create easier and more
streamlined processes for our customers to do business with CSX. Every action we take is designed to
make CSX smarter, faster and more reliable.

Turning to Slide 9. We remain committed to sustainably managing our own business as well as helping
our customers reduce their emission. In 2020, customer shipping with CSX avoided more than 10 million
metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions. To put this in the context, this figure is roughly equivalent to
the emissions produced powering all the buildings in New York City for almost a full year. We remain
focused on furthering these environmental benefits, not only by continuing to improve the efficiency of
our own operations, but also by providing a reliable alternative to trucking that allows our customers to
meet their emissions goals without having to sacrifice the reliability of their supply chain. We have set
ambitious long-term goals in order to remain leaders in sustainability, and we are committed to expanding
the benefits rail offers as the most sustainable mode of land-based transportation.

Let's turn to Slide 10 and look at our operating performance for the quarter. Clearly, the simultaneous
rapid increase in both volumes and COVID-related employee absences impacted the network. But
overall, the railroad is running well, and we were still able to drive incremental efficiencies. Locomotive
productivity achieved a new quarterly record for GTMs per available horsepower, and we set a new fourth
quarter record for fuel efficiency of 0.94 gallons per 1,000 gross ton-miles.

On Slide 11, our improved efficiency is further illustrated, which compares volumes and asset levels
against the pre-COVID and prior year periods. As volumes return, our revised operating plan is allowing us
to operate at a sustainably higher level of asset utilization. This is reflected both in the sequential trends
where volumes have increased at twice the rate of asset redeployment as well as double-digit productivity
gains we have maintained between year-over-year volume and asset levels in the second half. While the
team did an excellent job of working during this period to make the network more efficient, our #1 priority
remains providing our customers a high-quality service product. There is still significant leverage built into
the operating plan. But as volumes grow, we have been and will continue to add crews and locomotives as
needed to serve our customers well.

Turning to Slide 12. Our carload trip plan performance was 75% for the quarter, and intermodal trip plan
was 84%. Like all transportation and logistics companies, we have faced challenges from both the rising
number of COVID cases, along with broader supply chain disruptions from volatile demand, inventory
shortages and imbalanced freight flows. This team has done an admiral job navigating this environment.
But we expect these trip plan figures will return to and then exceed our results from the beginning of
2020. While our performance is still at industry-leading levels, we hold ourselves to a higher standard.

I'll now turn it over to Kevin for a review of the financials.

Kevin S. Boone

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. After a challenging year, we are all excited to turn the
page to 2021. That said, we accomplished a lot this past year, which sets us up well as the economy
recovers from the impact of the pandemic. While many markets remain challenged, we did see an
improving business environment in the fourth quarter, and as a result, delivered both volume and
operating income growth for the first time in 2020. We manage costs through the year and made
sustainable improvements to the train plan, which will drive operating leverage as volumes return. We
once again delivered a quarterly record operating ratio. Excluding real estate gains, this marked the third
quarterly record in 2020, an extraordinary accomplishment by this entire team.

This past year, we focused on what we could control, navigating the uncertain and volatile business
environment, while successfully driving efficiencies across the business. Our goal in 2021 and beyond is
to leverage the growth ahead of us by sustaining these efficiency gains and driving further improvement
across the business.

Looking at the fourth quarter income statement. Revenue was down 2% as continued volume growth and
pricing gains in our intermodal business were offset by the ongoing effects of weak coal demand and lower
fuel recovery. Merchandise revenue was in line with the fourth quarter of 2019, but we have seen positive
momentum as revenue improved 5% sequentially from the third quarter, above normal seasonality.

Total expenses were down 7% in the quarter on a 4% increase in volume, walking down the expense line
items, labor and fringe was 11% lower, reflecting the benefit of the train plan optimization and an 8%
reduction in total headcount.

Throughout 2020, our operating team continued to refine the train plan in response to the dynamic
volume environment. These improvements enabled significant efficiency in the fourth quarter, as crew
starts were down 11%, while overall volumes were up 4%. Lower crew starts in the quarter also translated
to fewer active trains and as a result, reduced the need for locomotives.

The smaller fleet drove a 14% reduction in our locomotive labor expense. We were also able to hold the
line on the significant reductions made earlier in the year to our engineering contract labor expense as
well as our intermodal terminal workforce, even as volumes continue to increase sequentially. Lifts per
man-hour, a key measure of efficiency for our intermodal workforce improved 23% when compared to the
fourth quarter of 2019.

Moving forward, we are preparing for growth. The current environment remains challenging and
unpredictable with COVID-related mark-offs significantly impacting pockets of our network. We wish
the best for these employees and hope -- and hope for their speedy recovery. Moving forward, we
will hopefully begin to see improvement from current levels. We continue to focus on crew availability
and are currently accelerating our first half hiring efforts to be prepared in the event of stronger
demand. We expect headcount will likely exceed attrition in the first half of the year to provide flexibility,
should demand surprise positively, particularly in the second half. We will manage it closely and adjust
accordingly as we monitor the trajectory of the potential volume recovery. MS&O expense increased 4%
or $19 million in the fourth quarter. Adjusting for the $20 million headwind from real estate gains, MS&O
expense would have been roughly flat as efficiency and volume-related savings were offset by inflation
and other items.

The improvements to our train plan, I mentioned before, also drove savings, including lower crew travel
and repositioning costs, as well as lower locomotive materials and contracted service expense. Real estate
gains were minimal in the fourth quarter.

Looking beyond 2020, we continue to manage a pipeline of future properties that we will monetize when
conditions are favorable. Our base case is for real estate sales activity to be roughly flat. As I've said
before, we will also continue to pursue opportunities to leverage our real estate to generate recurring
revenue streams.

Fuel expense was $77 million favorable, a 36% improvement year-over-year, driven by a 33% decrease
in the per-gallon price and record fourth quarter fuel efficiency. We continue to invest in technologies that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

will drive further improvement in fuel efficiency, widening the advantage over truck and demonstrating our
continued commitment to sustainability.

Looking at other expenses. The depreciation increased $3 million or 1% in the quarter. This reflects a
larger asset base as well as the impact of a road and track depreciation study. Depreciation expense is
expected to be a $10 million to $20 million headwind in 2021. Equipment rents expense increased $4
million or 5%, as higher days per load across all markets resulted in increased freight car rents.

Turning below the line. Interest expense was flat as higher net debt balances were offset by a lower
weighted average coupon. Other income decreased $48 million, reflecting a make-whole charge related to
the early redemption of $500 million of long-term notes that were set to mature in 2023.

Income tax expense increased $24 million or 11% due to higher pretax income as well as the cycling of
certain state and federal tax benefits recognized in the fourth quarter of 2019.

Closing out the income statement. CSX delivered operating income of $1.2 billion, reflecting a fourth
quarter record 57% operating ratio.

Turning to the cash side of the equation on Slide 15. On a full year basis, capital investment was relatively
flat. Even during the pandemic, we remain committed to investments that prioritize the safety and
reliability of our core track, bridge and signal infrastructure. This commitment will not change. And by
level loading the maintenance spend, we are improving the safety and fluidity of our network without
requiring a step-up in core infrastructure spend going forward.

Capital allocation remains a focus. And we have a healthy pipeline of high-return investments we expect to
invest in this year.

In 2020, free cash flow before dividends was $2.6 billion, down versus 2019, primarily reflecting lower
operating income, but also impacted by lower proceeds from property sales. Free cash flow generation
remains a key focus of this team. Even during 2020's challenging environment, free cash flow conversion,
or net income was about 95%.

We expect to stay above 90%, even with slightly higher CapEx and an increase in expected cash tax
rate. Our cash and short-term investment balance remains strong, ending the quarter at $3.1 billion. Our
expectation remains that this balance will normalize over time as we continue to invest in the business and
return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.

With that, let me turn it back to Jim for his closing remarks.

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Great. Thanks a lot, Kevin. Concluding with Slide 17. We expect to return to growth in 2021 for both CSX
and the U.S. economy. While much debate remains around the pace of this growth as we've transitioned
from COVID headwinds to potential stimulus fuel tailwinds, we believe CSX is well positioned to grow
volumes faster than the prevailing GDP growth rate in 2021.

Merchandise volumes should outpace industrial production growth as we convert additional truck volumes
off the highway and onto CSX. We expect intermodal volumes to grow even faster than merchandise as
the business continues to benefit from the ongoing inventory restocking and a tight truck market. And
following an extremely challenging year, we expect the coal business to begin recovering from 2020 trough
levels.

As volumes increase, we will drive incremental operating leverage by efficiently absorbing the additional
cars and containers into our revised train plan. We still have significant opportunity to add volumes onto
the existing trains and we'll add train starts as needed to maintain high levels of customer service.

We project full year CapEx of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. This spend reflects ongoing investments in our
core infrastructure, combined with several high-return growth investments for technology and sales and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

marketing initiatives. We will continue to evaluate attractive growth investment opportunities as they
arise.

But from a network perspective, we still have ample line of road and terminal capacity.

Lastly, we remain committed to returning excess cash flow to shareholders. We will repurchase shares
through our ongoing buyback program, and we will look to be opportunistic with share repurchases as we
utilize our roughly $6 billion of buyback authority.

The actions taken in 2020 have positioned CSX for success. And we are taking the necessary steps to
ensure that we are prepared to handle the expected growth in 2021. This past year that although we have
accomplished great things during our transformation, our team is still finding opportunities to push this
company to new heights. I enter this year as excited as I have ever been for what the future holds for
CSX. Thank you, and I'll now turn it back to Bill for questions.

As you may have noted at the beginning of the call, Mark Wallace is unfortunately not joining us today as
he's dealing with a non-COVID personal health issue. The rest of the team will do its best to answer any
marketing questions you may have.

Bill Slater
Head of Investor Relations

[Operator Instructions]
With that, we will now take questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Your first question comes from the line of Brandon Oglenski from Barclays.

Brandon Robert Oglenski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Well, Jim, I guess maybe we can start there, unfortunate for Mark, he's not here, but you guys do sound
like you have some confidence that merchandise, I think you've said, will grow in excess of industrial
production and intermodal, even better than your merchandise outcomes. So I guess, are there any
specific examples you can give us where you're winning in the network and delivering this new service
product that we've heard about for a couple of years? How's that translating into confidence this year?

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Well, in many respects, the conversion of trucks off the highway, back onto the rail system has been --
we've talked about it for many years where it's our existing customers today, where we're doing a lot of
work with them already in their boxcar fleet. And -- so we know them very well, but we've never really
had an opportunity to take a look at their book of business from what they're doing on the other -- on the
doors on the other side of the plant, so to speak, where they're sending it out in truck.

And now that our service product has become more reliable, we've been able to capture more and more
of that wallet share. And that applies whether it's in enforced products, whether it's in pulpboard, whether
it's in metals, whether it's in chemicals. You name it, we've been able to do that. And I think that's
clearly the strategy that we will continue to pursue along with looking at ways through our TRANSFLO
opportunities where we can reach customers' business that, before, we didn't have the capability to handle
because we didn't focus on kind of the last mile business if we didn't directly connect to a customer's
location.

So it's a combination of different factors that spread out really across the entire spectrum of merchandise.
And again, principally because our service now is as reliable as a truck. And we -- obviously, maybe it's
the easy way, but let's go to our customers that we already know and do business with and shake the tree
there. And there is a ton of opportunity for us.

And again, similarly, in our intermodal franchise, where we're getting more business is we're looking at
lanes that before we couldn't compete in because we had somewhat of a disjointed network, and we've
worked hard to rationalize and improve the service on the network. And that's bringing us additional
business. So we've been building on this for a number of years, and we expect it to continue to pay
benefits in '21.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter from the Bank of America.

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jim, maybe you could just talk a bit about the missed business opportunity given COVID. Kevin kind of
threw out some thoughts that there was a missed opportunity. Can you quantify your thoughts looking
back and maybe what that means as how fast you bring employees back into '21?

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

In terms of missed opportunities, we have -- we, CSX are no different than anybody else in the country.
And our employees have been impacted by the virus to the same degree as everyone else, if not more, in
the transportation sector because they're essential workers, and they're out there on the front lines in and
out every single day, making sure the goods get across the country and we can take care of people that
are -- have the luxury to sit home and ride this thing out.

So if we've missed any opportunities, it's been as the surge of traffic came back in the third quarter, just
about the time the virus began to tick up. And then clearly, it took off with the Thanksgiving holiday.
So we're aware of that. We're prepared for that. And maybe we've missed something along the way. I
think what Kevin was more and more concerned was and Kevin is not bashful to express his opinions
on this. We think that based upon all the work we've done for the company to make sure that we can
grow this business, and with the potential for a rebound in the economy, and with the potential for maybe
stimulus, and with the potential for maybe additional transportation spend by the government, we don't
want to miss out on something if it comes along, we want to be ready to handle it. So we're planning,
we're preparing. We're making sure -- clearly, we have track capacity. Clearly, we have assets in terms of
locomotives, et cetera.

What we want to make sure is that we have the employees. And this is not like we can go hire some guy
off the street and put him to work the next day. It takes 5, 6 months to train these people to get them
ready. So we're aware of the curve and we want to make sure that we're managing to the curve. And so I
think that's what Kevin was referring to in any missed opportunity, was to make sure that we're prepared
to handle growth when it comes.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Amit Mehrotra from Deutsche Bank.

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Kevin, I guess, with the dynamic of intermodal growth outpacing merchandise growth this year, do you
think yields can be up in 2021 versus 2020? And then if you can just also talk about the magnitude of OR
improvement? How should we think about OR improvement, given the benefits of higher volume, but then
obviously, some of the adverse mix that comes with the intermodal outpacing merchandise?

Kevin S. Boone
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think, as I mentioned last quarter, we had the greatest contribution from our intermodal business,
which has traditionally been viewed as a least profitable segment of our business. But yes, we put up a
record OR. I think we again proved that in the fourth quarter, you saw the intermodal business, obviously,
having the strongest growth. And again, we were able to deliver record OR performance. As we go into
2021, as with any year, there's normal inflation costs that you have to offset and overcome as you want to
improve your margins going into next year. We have labor inflation, a little bit higher than what we saw in
2020. We have health and welfare costs ticking up a little bit more than what we saw last year. But really,
inflation, when I look over the long-term average, it's probably a little bit under that long-term average.
So not a huge, significant headwind. But really, the variable here is going to be the growth. I'm very
confident if growth exceeds our expectations that we'll drop that through at a very attractive incremental
margin.

Our goal here is to be prepared for the growth, to grow operating income. That's really the goal of what
we're talking about around here. It's exciting to talk about and prepare for growth. And so that's what
we're looking at. I mentioned in the first half of the year, we'll accelerate our hiring to make sure we're
prepared for whatever environment comes in the second half. And Jamie will quickly adjust accordingly if
things change on us, which, as we know, this has been a dynamic environment, and we just want to be
ahead of the curve and be prepared for it and be able to deliver.

I think we all say, shame on us if we can't deliver the growth when it comes. And so that's what we're
talking about here internally.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Could you just answer the yield question in terms of whether you think yields will be up year-over-year in
'21?

Kevin S. Boone
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think when you look at the first half of the year, we'll have some fuel surcharge. Fuel will still be
a headwind really in the first quarter. Will start -- that will start to moderate as you get in the second
quarter. So second half of the year, you'll see a little bit less fuel surcharge headwind.

Coal in the first half of the year, probably on a yield basis, will be a little bit of a headwind. Obviously, you
know that market is pretty dynamic, particularly on the export side, but see some support going in the
second half of the year. So I would say, definitely expect second half to be improved over first half, but
that always goes back to mix as well as we see some of our higher RPU business whether it's chemicals or
other areas, see continued strength, that certainly helps the dynamic there.

But the coal dynamic should moderate first half of the year and really not be as much of a headwind going
forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Allison Landry from Crédit Suisse.

Allison M. Landry
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great job on the quarter. Without specifically focusing on where the OR can go in 2021, I sort of wanted
to ask a longer-term question. I mean, it sort of seems feasible to do a 55% OR this year. But I mean it
just seems like you guys are pushing the boundaries of what we thought might have been either remotely
possible for an eastern rail. So I would just love to hear your thoughts on how you view the potential for
the longer-term profitability of the business.

I mean, obviously, you guys are gaining share. And Jim, you highlighted a number of efficiencies that will
come in the future from technology investments. So any thought there? And then just sort of lastly, Jim, if
you could sort of tell us what you think about the difference between a long-haul and a short-haul railroad
as it comes down to it's a long-term profitability and if there are truly already any structural differences?

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Great, Allison. Good one question. So a couple -- 3 years ago, it was just only a couple, 3 years ago when
we were in New York talking about how we were going to take this wear-out, beat-up, run-down railroad
and have a 60% operating ratio in a couple of 3 years, and everybody said, you guys are crazy, can't be
done.

And now I think you said you want double nickels here in next year. We're trying to grow operating income
and earnings per share so that we can reward our shareholders and not just get singularly focused on
these operating ratio. So the operating ratio pretty much will be what it is. Obviously, you saw what we
can do when we get our hands dirty and we get focused on what needs to be done in order to run the
company better. I truly believe as Jamie and his team get in collaboration with Mark and the sales and
marketing team collaborate on how we need to get this company running more even much, much, much
more reliably and faster in the future in order to provide a better quality product to our customers.

The necessary result, the ultimate result of all of that is that we take a lot of crazy unnecessary activities
out of the system that we do today, and that drives down the cost. So without focusing on a specific
reduction in the operating ratio, I firmly believe that we will continue to drive efficiency, but as we -- and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

we'll do that as we focus on -- and we'll focus -- as we focused on driving -- building a better product for
our customers.

In terms of in terms of short-haul railroads with -- versus long-haul railroads within the operating ratio,
again, every railroad is slightly different. Every railroad has its nuances. Used to -- we used to have some
really, really, really nice long-haul routes across Western Canada back in the day when I used to work
there. And it was very nice to ride along and take a look at the moose and some green fields and a little
bit of this, a little bit of that, go for a couple of thousand miles. But there weren't any customers.

Here, we're like winding around and maybe got a little shorter haul, a little more challenges. And --
we're stopping all the time because we've got customers all over the place. So they come -- it comes
with what it is. This is -- there's a lot of business activity in the east that we have the opportunity here
to take advantage of. And that's a good thing. And another part of my history goes back to my days at
the Chicago and North Western when we built the line into the part of their basin -- their coal fields, a
subsidiary called Western Railroad Properties, which is about 200 miles long, hit an operating ratio that
started with a floor handle.

So every piece of -- every railroad property is different. Every railroad property is unique. Our goal is to
have the best quality product and do it in the most efficient way. And if we do those 2 things, the thing
that happens is we make a lot of money doing it.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz from UBS.

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I wanted to see if you could give a sense about -- I think, Kevin, you said you're going to add headcount
above the pace of attrition. I know there's a lead time to have [ T&Y ], get them recruited and get them
trained up and on the system. So I would assume you have pretty good visibility to what that number is,
if you look at the next quarter or 2. And wanted to see if you could give us a sense is that sequentially 1%
increase or 3%? Or just kind of magnitude? Is it a big step-up? Or is it something that's pretty gradual
and is that something we should think about in terms of our margin modeling in first half of the year? Or is
it just kind of small, so it doesn't really affect how you deal with incrementals or margins?

Kevin S. Boone
Executive VP & CFO

No. This is -- and maybe I'll hand it over to Jamie to talk a little bit about his strategy and what he's really
planning for here. But no, these aren't in order of magnitude, huge step-up in our hiring process. A lot
of it's to get ahead of the attrition rates that we see coming ahead in 2021. Really, I think we're pretty
confident that, again, we're going to have the operating leverage that we've continued to deliver. So I
wouldn't expect headcount to go up more than the volumes that we're going to see and the revenue
increases, and we'll adjust the model accordingly as I think we have more visibility, hopefully, going
forward on where volumes are trending.

We've seen a lot of volatility in every market out there. And hopefully, that volatility starts to diminish
here a bit as we move to the second half of the year. Jamie?

Jamie J. Boychuk
Executive Vice President of Operations

Yes, thanks. Look, if I was to look at percentages, when you think about it, our attrition rate is somewhere
around 8% per year, so what we want to do is kind of front-load that attrition rate, keep a good eye on
our discussions with Mark and his team to make sure we're ahead of that business that might be coming
our way as we progress through the year, which then allows us to backfill the rest of that attrition towards
the back end of the year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

If the business doesn't come, we'll be in a situation where we can at least attrit out to the end of the year
and go from there. So, as Jim said, it takes 4 to 6 months to make a conductor. So we don't get ahead
of this now and the business comes along, we're going to be leaving it on the ground, and that's the last
thing we want to do.

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So the headcount increases sequentially early in the year. And then if the business isn't there, the attrition
could kick in and it could fall back off. Is that essentially what you're saying?

Jamie J. Boychuk
Executive Vice President of Operations

Absolutely. That's how we're setting it up. You got it.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Justin Long from Stephens.

Justin Trennon Long
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Wanted to ask about comp for employee. Kevin, any color you can provide on what you're expecting
there over the course of 2021? And then maybe for Jamie, I was wondering if we could get an update on
the number of locomotives in storage today and what you're anticipating for that utilization rate going
forward?

Kevin S. Boone
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I'll take the comp per employee. Look, as I talked about in my opening remarks, we're going to see
a little bit of more labor inflation this year. We'll see the management increase take effect here, January
1, which is a little bit different than what we've seen in previous years. So that will be effective in the first
quarter. But overall, I think historically, we talked about this 3% increase and without knowing what really
incentive comp can move around quarter-to-quarter, all those things. I think a 3% kind of range is a good
starting point.

Jamie J. Boychuk
Executive Vice President of Operations

And look, on the asset side, in particular, locomotives, we started this back in 2017 with almost 4,000
locomotives, our fleet's down 2150, I think, today, right around that area. So we've got hundreds of
locomotives still in storage ready to pull out when needed. But we're also continuing to invest in our
locomotive fleet. I mean our CapEx coming up this year. We're going to continue to rebuild locomotives.
We've got 67 in the plan this year, and continuing to do that as we go forward.

It's really important that we continue to invest in the assets that we have. And that allows us to put trip
optimizer, distributed power, fuel savings, as well as reliability. So we're comfortable with the assets that
we have now. We just want to continue to invest in rebuilding what we have going forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Scott Group from Wolfe Research.

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

So Kevin, any color you can give us on MS&O costs that you expect for the year? I know it's volatile, but
any color there? And then on the OR, I know we're not getting guidance, but almost always the full year
OR is better than fourth quarter. Is there anything wrong with that line of thinking right now?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Kevin S. Boone
Executive VP & CFO

The first quarter, better than the fourth quarter?

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

No. Meaning if you look at a full year, it's almost always better than the fourth quarter you just had. And
the fourth quarter...

Kevin S. Boone
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Again, I think we gave relative revenue guidance because there is a little bit of uncertainty, I think,
as you get into the second half, hopefully, some of these initiatives that Jim talked about will take hold
and we'll see the economy strengthen through the back half of the year. I think we're real comfortable just
saying that we're pretty confident in the incremental margins that we've been able to deliver, and we'll
continue to do that, particularly if we get stronger revenue growth than we expect there. So that's the
opportunity.

On the MS&O, when you look at the fourth quarter, really, we're able to deliver what we thought we're
going to do when we guided in the third quarter. Real estate sales going into '21 will be flat. So not a real
big factor or driver on those costs on a year-over-year basis. We do expect inflation to hit us in '21 there.
But again, it's an area where we have a lot of focus, and we'll continue to try to find opportunities to take
out costs. So I think expect some normal inflation impact to that line item, but nothing real impactful
there moving into '21. It will move also with volume. So if volume is a little bit higher than what we
expect. You would see some variable costs move up with that as well.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Chris Wetherbee from Citi.

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I guess, I want to ask question about service. We think about the second half of the year. Obviously,
service was a little bit more challenged, still quite good, but down from where you were in the first half
of the year. And when you think about sort of headcount and maybe resources, is there a level, I guess,
number one, on the services or a level where you feel like you're comfortable or maybe you need to
address it to move the needle moving back up? And then second, when you think about maybe a little bit
of the front load from a headcount perspective, does that have an impact on the service? Or would you
expect that to have an impact on the services as you move into the first half of the year?

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Let me just make a general comment and then Jamie can answer you into details about where we are
in terms of headcount. I think the railroads are not unique in the second half of the year. This phenomena
with everyone trying to keep up with this unprecedented volume is creating issues whether it be in foreign
ports, whether it be in ocean vessels, whether it be in the West Coast ports, the East Coast ports, the
railroads, the trucks, logistics service providers, you name it. Everybody is dealing with a situation where
volumes are unprecedented and volatile. At the same time, when we have hundreds, literally hundreds of
employees off sick or in quarantine. In one day, it's on the West side of the railroad. The next day, it's on
the East side of the rail. The next say, it's in the North side of the road. Next day, it's in Florida. And so
for us to be doing the job from a service standpoint right now, I don't think anybody is saying -- they're
having problems because the railroads are screwed up. We're doing a really, really, really good job of
managing our way through this. And I'll let Jamie talk, in some more detail, about what it is we're doing.

Jamie J. Boychuk

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Executive Vice President of Operations

I think Jim really nailed it with respect to some of the pockets we're seeing and why some of the levels
aren't where they were historically. But you really look at some of the stuff that we have gained as well.
When you look at -- to a 19% all-time record train length, the increase year-over-year, the fuel efficiency,
everything else that we've been able to keep and maintain and continue to move forward as we talk
about 2021. I can tell you today, as we see, Jim said, hundreds and hundreds of employees are off, that's
correct. And as we start to see 100 employees less, let's say, today than we were a few weeks ago, yes,
we're starting to feel that we're getting even more fluid. So as those numbers come down, we feel like we
have the right number of people out there if we -- if everyone returned to work.

Now I wish I could predict where the next pocket was going to be and try to send people that way, but
it's difficult to do that. So yes, we're going to hit some bumps and bruises, I think, over the next quarter
or so, on some of our service levels, but we are pushing. And is there a limit where we're happy? No,
absolutely not. We've got -- if anyone wants to ask the question, is there anything left? What else are you
going to continue to do? It's normally a question we get asked. Well, our dwell and velocity isn't where it
needs to be. That's an opportunity.

So as we continue to maintain all the hard work that we've done with the new plan, and the team that I've
got out there working hard day in and day out on dwell and velocity and what's going on in the terminals,
we're going to get that much better. And as business comes back and as we do some hiring, it helps us
move the new commodities that we have come online. But really, what we have today is just a matter of
dealing with the pockets that are out there.

I can tell you, it is a daily exercise in trying to understand how some terminals we work around 40% of
our employees being off on COVID. It doesn't just normally hit a small percentage. We do have it across
the property. But we have some pockets where 40% of our employees are gone for a period of time.
We've got a great team that moves into there, helps out. We work ourselves through it. We work around
it, which is great about the network we have as we can do that, and continue to move the product.

Look, we will see our numbers continue to improve as we move forward. But again, it's -- sometimes it's a
daily exercise depending on where we're having our COVID issues.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Bascome Majors from Susquehanna.

Bascome Majors
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Kevin, you talked about your excess cash balance and looking to normalize it over time. Is that something
you're targeting for this year? Or could that be more gradual? Just any thoughts on how you want to
manage your liquidity and balance sheet with the cash flow you expect to generate this year would be
helpful.

Kevin S. Boone
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think, look, I would expect something lower by the time we exit this year. So yes, I think that's
probably a this-year event. We'll watch it closely here. Certainly, as we get more comfortable with the
trajectory of the economy and those things, we'll have those discussions internally here on what makes
sense. We always want to be opportunistic. So we'll be there opportunistically in the stock as well. So it
gives us a lot of flexibility. We're going to generate a lot of cash this year as well. So it's a good position to
be in. It's a position of strength. And we'll do the best we can.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Brian Ossenbeck from JPMorgan.

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Jamie, maybe I'll take you up on the dwell and velocity one. They have deteriorated for while there.
Obviously, volumes have been quite volatile. I think you have longer trains to help offset that challenge.
It doesn't seem to be a headwind financially now, but we've also seen cars online come up quite a bit. So
maybe you can dig in a little bit deeper and give us a sense as to what has been a challenge outside of
labor and what you see sort of the opportunities, maybe a time frame as to to seeing some improvement.

And then, Jim, if you could comment on the growth opportunities you're seeing for the truck conversion
side, it doesn't sound like any of the service challenges now or in recent quarters are really affecting
anything, but [ anything you can ] just clarify that for us as well, if the customers are just needing
capacity and you have it, and it's really just tough out there for everybody.

Jamie J. Boychuk
Executive Vice President of Operations

Okay. I'll try to take a stab at -- you're hard to hear, but let me try to work down with respect to where
we're sitting with some of our metrics. So yes, our dwell and our velocity definitely has been impacted
here over the past couple -- probably a couple of months, but we've seen probably more of a deterioration
really over the past month. I have to take a look at some of our numbers. And again, a lot of that's
COVID-related.

But for us, it's really important to show that as an opportunity as well. As we continue to move things
faster and we get our dwell to where we know it can be and will be. Those are costs that are going to
continue to come out as we look at our plan. Cars online, our target -- we're a little bit above where our
target -- where we really want it to be. But you got to think when we started this back in 2017, we were
over 150,000 cars online. Now we're somewhere around 100,000, maybe 120,000 depending on where
you're looking at it. We have done some things differently on that.

There was a time, I would say, a year ago where we were shooting for a 90% fill rate because we didn't
necessarily understand whether the fill rate was correct, what the customers were ordering and not
ordering. Mark and his team have done an unbelievable job working with us to understand that, that fill
rate now, pushing it to 100%, gives us that extra business that Jim's been talking about, about knocking
on our customers' doors to say, hey, why are you trucking when you got rail service, give it to us and
allow us that reliability. That means at some point, you're going to have to bring on some cars online as
you take a look at fulfilling 100% fill rate.

So that's what we're pushing towards in our model. We're comfortable with that. We're keeping a good eye
on what those cars look like as they move around. And if anything, the opportunity, as we look at the car
fleet we have, now as we start picking up that velocity, we're going to get more loads out of those cars
that are out there, which is more opportunity for us to be able to spin the customer cars. Some of the
highest numbers that we have year-over-year are private cars.

So that's an opportunity there for customers to spin their cars faster and give us 4 or 5 more loads a year
as we get quicker. So look, it's opportunity, opportunity, opportunity as we move forward with the plan
that we put in.

Kevin S. Boone
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And by doing all those things correctly in a coordinated fashion between operations and sales and
marketing, that's what's driving this business from the highway onto the rail.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Vernon from Bernstein.

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

So Jamie, I was wondering if you could kind of help us understand that rate of resource addition in relation
to volume growth. I think you guys are laying out a picture that says somewhere in the mid-single digits
on volume. And I'm not asking you to confirm that as a volume guide. I'm just trying to get a sense for
if we're going to be at that level of volume growth, what level of resource do you need to add into the
network from today's levels to kind of keep pace with that at the service level you want to provide?

Jamie J. Boychuk
Executive Vice President of Operations

Look, when we talk about hard assets with respect to locomotives, we're in a good spot. Are we going to
need to use some more locomotives as some volume starts to come back? Yes. When you look at bulk
business, definitely, those are pure train starts. When you look at our car fleet, I'm comfortable that as
our dwell continues to come down as we move forward, we'll need less boxcars. But we're going to make
sure that we hit that fulfillment rate of 100%, right? The 10% difference, when you really think about,
90% was a target a year-or-so ago, now it's 100% as we move forward with our customers, showing the
reliability of being there with the car supply we say we're going to be. Yes, you're going to see a bit of an
increase. But where we're at right now is a good spot. As we move faster, as I mentioned, we'll get that
many more loads out of the cars that are out there, which is going to help that growth as we continue to
move forward.

And I think we've really touched on the people side of things. Frontloading is the right thing to do. It
gives us that 4 to 6 months to do that hiring practice and deal with the attrition that we see out there and
prepare us for what's going to happen towards the second half.

Kevin S. Boone
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, David, the hiring is really offsetting the attrition that we expect through the full year. But really front-
end loading that so we can get ahead of it and react to any volume upside that could occur in the second
half.

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Yes. I'm just trying to make sense -- do we need to be at this 19% to -- can we -- could we accommodate
a 5% volume growth with the current headcount level? Or does it need to be a little bit higher than that?
And what's the proportion of which the headcount would need to be added back?

Kevin S. Boone
Executive VP & CFO

Well, I think a lot of this, I think, is going to give us the ability to hit the hot pockets where we were low
on crews right now and it's really redistributing -- Jamie, correct me if I'm wrong, redistributing a lot of
the employees to where we were going to need and where we see the growth coming.

Jamie J. Boychuk
Executive Vice President of Operations

Yes. It's based off of -- obviously, we look at our attrition rate and where it's at and where we expect
those employees to attrit out. But this is working very close with the marketing team. This is very -- as
Jim mentioned earlier, the closer that Mark and myself and our teams work together, we know and have
an idea where this business growth is going to come from. Could it throw us a curveball? Sure, it could.
But you want to -- as it stands right now, we're preparing in those areas that we need to, and we're going
to make sure that we hire in those, to make sure we can capture that growth.

And look at cars online, really, when you look at year-over-year, the percentage is 12%. But really, we're
down 4% full year versus prior full year. So we're not talking about a big percentage point here. And it's
really important that we give the reliability of getting that boxcar to 100% fulfillment if we want those
customers convert over.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John Chappell from Evercore ISI.

Jonathan B. Chappell
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Thanks for confirming the view on coal improving from the 2020 trough levels. I wanted to get your views
on how much of that is anticipation of the domestic market versus the export market? And as it relates to
the latter, we're seeing shortages in certain regions of the world because of the bitter winter weather and
some trade issues. Have you seen any uptick in your export coal opportunities given some of those issues?

Kevin S. Boone
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think when you look at our coal business, fourth quarter was -- showed a little bit of strength versus
previous 3. So we're exiting the year at a little bit better position than what we saw, call it, the middle of
the year here.

Going into next year, probably the strength that we anticipate will really be on the domestic side with a
little bit of the utility stockpiles below normal levels. So we see some opportunity there. You see the same
benchmark prices on the export side that we see. They stabilize, which is the good sign. They're still well
below the levels that we saw prepandemic, whether that's an opportunity from here, we hope so. I think
the risk/reward is probably a little bit more balanced than it has been in previous years or particularly
coming into 2020.

So you're probably referencing the China, Australia, spat they have on the coal side right now, not helping
the global prices right now. And so not really helping us. So hopefully, that gets resolved, and we'll see
some maybe net price upside here going forward, but that's a very difficult market for us to predict.

On the thermal side, if you look at our business today in the fourth quarter, really, that export business is
75% net and 25% thermal. If you get some of these polar vortex impacting some of the global markets
and get a cold wave here, maybe that's an opportunity because we're delivering very little to Europe and
other areas today.

So we're going into the year cautiously optimistic. I don't see a huge upside case, but see a little bit of
stability and strength off of the fourth quarter.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jordan Alliger from Goldman Sachs.

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Just one quick question. To the extent you have it, do you have the -- your economic thoughts that sort of
underpin the commentary you made on volume, in other words, volume's greater than GDP, merchandise
greater than industrial production. What's your economic guys saying around those 2 measures?

Kevin S. Boone
Executive VP & CFO

Well, as I said, there's -- there are a lot of different views on what the underlying number is going to be.
And so right now, we're not -- we're trying to find what is the most reliable number for us to look at. And
also at the same time, as you know, everybody is adjusting their numbers and to a large degree, some
of them, they're adjusting them down. So our guys don't necessarily have -- our guys have a -- I'm sure
they have -- they have an independent view, but it's not something that we're going to put out there as
what we think right now is something that we're willing to bet the farm on, so to speak, and how we're
going to run the company.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

We're trying to look at all the different viewpoints and as we move further into 2021, hopefully, things get
clearer and clearer for us as we progress.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jason Seidl from Cowen.

Jason H. Seidl
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

My best to Mark, hope he feels better. I wanted to talk a little bit about your trip plan compliance. It
looks like things are going in the right direction on the carload side. Talk a little bit about what you guys
are doing there to improve that. And then is there really anything that the railroad can do right now to
materially move the intermodal trip plan compliance? Or is this all just sort of congestion needs to work
through some of the ports and some of the inland facilities?

Jamie J. Boychuk
Executive Vice President of Operations

Let me start with the look at the trip plans on the intermodal side. Look, we have -- we considered
probably on both ends, the most stringent trip plans out there with respect to always making sure that
we measure both loads and empties, whether that's intermodal or on the merchandise side. And I'd like
to say our times are probably some of the most stringent times out there where, on the intermodal side,
you're arriving to the minute.

Over the past couple of months or a month or so, UPS peak was amazing. It was a big, big quarter. I
don't think that's a surprise. And as we felt some pressure at different ports in different areas, we got the
opportunity to move even more UPS traffic than we expected to. So some of our international traffic may
have -- that isn't as time-sensitive, may have taken a little longer to get off the port than we normally
would to make sure we move the time-sensitive traffic.

But going forward, I fully look at our numbers with respect to the intermodal side, 90% above is where we
should be getting. I mean we're shooting for above 95% on that, and I'm confident that our team is there.
And we're starting to see some of those numbers hit already as we've moved past some of that UPS peak.

On the carload side, again, you missed by 2 hours on the carload side, that's it. It's failed, whether it's a
load or an empty, and our connections are tight from terminal to terminal. And if you have some of those
COVID pockets, where 40% of your terminal's off, and it takes you an extra 6 or 8 or 10 hours to get a car
through a terminal, that's a failure. We're not willing to change our standards and our metrics with respect
to where they sit to getting to that last mile. So we're going to work through this, which we have. We've
seen some improvement on the numbers. Not as quick as I would like to see some of those continue to
move forward, but we do have the best metrics with respect to those who look at trip plans out there
today.

So we're confident that moving forward, we're going to see that number get up into the 80s. And our
target will continue to be to push forward with that, which will allow that reliability for Mark and his team
to go out there and continue to sell this product that we've built.

Jason H. Seidl
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

That's great color, and I'm glad to hear things are moving in the right direction on the numbers, and
everyone be safe out there.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Shanker from Morgan Stanley.

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

So just to kind of wind up here, the -- am I expecting a bit of a tone shift on the OR here? I think over
time, you guys have kind of clearly mentioned that you are going to be pursuing growth to a great extent
going forward. But kind of as we think of that 3- to 5-year or algorithm going forward, again, you're
starting to sound a little bit more like the Canadian rails who are saying, hey, we're going to -- OR is not
the only thing as a standalone, we're going to be looking at growth and growing EBIT dollars here.

So are you targeting sticking to a high-50s OR, but pushing the top line much higher from here?

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Well, we -- again, we've never said that we are singularly focused on one thing only, and that's trying
to get the operating ratio down. And just in simplistic terms, if you want at a 50% operating ratio, we'd
have a 50% operating ratio. We do it like quickly. I'm not sure what would be left to the company in the
process. But -- so it's always a balance between trying to do things as efficiently as you possibly can.
While you're delivering a good product to the customer so you can grow the business. And that's always
from day 1, since I walked in the door here being the plan.

And it just takes a while to get the railroad to run right because you can start to be able to generate some
new business. So the algorithm going forward is the algorithm that we've had in place for the last 3, going
on 4 years, focused on delivering a really high quality, good, reliable product to the customer, which allows
you to get more business.

And if you do that, you drive a whole bunch of unnecessary costs out of the company and you increase
efficiency. When you do that, you make a lot of money and you make a lot of money, shareholders are
happy. That's our simple business plan.

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. And maybe as a quick follow-up. We have a new administration this morning. Are there any kind
of 2 or 3 things you're looking for from DC, something you're watching out for either as a tailwind or a
headwind?

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Government stability, is that too much to ask for. I would be -- that would be a good start. So let's give
them a couple of weeks to figure out whether or not we're going to have that, and then we can start
figuring out if there's any significant real change in anybody's agenda. We're used to working with, not
only on the federal level, but we operate in 22, 23 states there.

Some of them are led by a Democratic governor and some are led by a Republican governor. So we're
used to dealing with all kinds of philosophies and viewpoints as it relates to government relations with
business. And so it's not new to us. We'll just figure out what to do and how to interact, and then we'll get
along fine with everybody.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Walter Spracklin from RBC Capital Markets.

Walter Noel Spracklin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Just to follow up on that question with regards to Washington. And looking back, a swing in favor -- swing
of power in favor of the Democrats has not been a good thing from a railroad regulatory standpoint. And
now that your ORs are trending where they are. Jim, do you see any risk that regulators start to put
close attention on the returns you're getting now and introduce new risk of changes or more leniency or
favoritism towards the customer here?

James M. Foote

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

President, CEO & Director

No, not necessarily. I mean, again, there's a there's a mix -- there's a remix. There's a mix on the STB
that goes back and forth in terms of whether it's -- now, I guess it's 3, 2 versus what it was before, maybe
2, 3 versus maybe what it was at one point in time. So again, this is something we're always dealing with.
We're not unique in the sense that we're a regulated -- or we have a regulator.

And so it's not like every airline, railroad, telephone company, TV company, you name it, anybody that's
got a regulator, all of a sudden is worried about the end of days. We just adapt, and we figure out what
it is their concerns are. And we work appropriately with them. And we've been doing this for a couple of
hundred years and doing it successfully.

Walter Noel Spracklin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. Understood. And if I could, just a clarification question for Kevin here. On the question of yield, I
know you answered that kind of on a segmented basis. If I lump it all together, am I right in interpreting
what you said, that yield is going to be negative in the early part of the year and possibly turn positive in
the back half? Is that -- is that the right way to look at yield? Because it's been so negative this year, it
will obviously have a pretty big impact, depending on which direction we go on the magnitude of the yield
here.

Kevin S. Boone
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Like I said, the revenue -- or the fuel surcharge will be a headwind in the first quarter. That will weigh
on the yield similarly to what we saw in the fourth quarter here. That will moderate in the second quarter
and then I think you'll see some improvement. I always have to caveat it with mix matters, right? And
depending on what markets, hopefully, the strong markets like our chemical business and others, continue
to have some upside, and that will obviously be a huge impact to our yield performance.

If the coal export market strengthens, as you know, our contracts are structured to participate in the
commodity prices, if they strengthen. So that would be also an opportunity for us into the back half of the
year.

Offsetting that, I think we are still very bullish on, as you heard us talk about on the intermodal side, it's
a really good business for us. It happens to have a lower RPU, but we make good money there. And so
we would -- Jamie is ready to handle more growth there, and we have a great team going after more
opportunities. So although it's equal, the -- where we see it today, which will change probably tomorrow,
yes, a little bit of headwind in the first quarter, probably strengthening into the back half of the year.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Ross from Stifel.

David Griffith Ross
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Kevin, I wanted to follow up on your last comment there about intermodal, specifically related to
intermodal pricing. Is the expectation for better than normal intermodal pricing, given what's going on in
the truckload market? Or is it going to be more of a cost recovery, low single-digit-type yield improvement
story?

Kevin S. Boone
Executive VP & CFO

Well, we don't see real-time -- some of our partners see in terms of price. We'll generally see a lag there.
There's also inflation adjusters that occur, they're on a lag basis as well. So again, it kind of fits with
my commentary around probably second half, hopefully showing some improvement over the first half.
Unfortunately, in strong markets, we don't get to reprice our entire book of business. Today, these things

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

happen over time. We'll need the markets to remain strong and supportive. And so that yes, I think we're
somewhat optimistic, but there's a lot of -- time will tell, what happens going forward. If the economy can
strengthen in the back half of the year, that certainly will help the discussions our sales and marketing
team are having. So they're out there selling the business hard right now.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session and concludes today's
teleconference. Thank you for your participation in today's call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

CSX CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

