CSX Corporation NasdaqGS:CSX
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 21, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.37

0.52

Revenue  (mm)

2943.30

2990.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-21-2021 3:32 AM GMT

40.54

1.59

0.39

1.46

1.67

2967.98

11771.88

12381.07

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.31

0.34

0.32

0.37

0.32

0.33

0.31

0.52

3.23 %

(2.94 %)

(3.12 %)

40.54 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Bill Slater
Head of Investor Relations

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Jamie J. Boychuk
Executive Vice President of
Operations

Kevin S. Boone
Executive Vice President of Sales &
Marketing

Sean R. Pelkey
VP & Acting CFO

ANALYSTS

Allison M. Landry
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Cherilyn Radbourne
TD Securities Equity Research

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Fadi Chamoun
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Jeffrey Asher Kauffman
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Jonathan B. Chappell
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Justin Trennon Long
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Securities, Research Division

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Walter Noel Spracklin
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the CSX Corporation Second Quarter 2021 Earnings
Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Bill Slater, Head of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead.

Bill Slater
Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on today's call are Jim Foote, President and Chief
Executive Officer; Kevin Boone, Executive Vice President of Sales & Marketing; Jamie Boychuk, Executive
Vice President of Operations; and Sean Pelkey, Acting Chief Financial Officer.

On Slide 2 is our forward-looking disclosure, followed by our non-GAAP disclosure on Slide 3.

With that, it is my pleasure to introduce, President and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Foote.

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Great. Thanks, Bill, and thank you for joining us on the call today. This quarter's results highlight just how
quickly volumes have rebounded as each of our 3 lines of business experienced record growth as we lap
the most severe economic impacts of the pandemic.

I want to first thank all of the CSX railroaders for their unwavering commitment to our customers as they
worked very hard to deliver service in a very difficult operating environment. As we entered the second
half of the year, our focus is squarely on continuing this growth. We have kept our yards and terminals
open and freight moving throughout the recovery, and we will continue taking the necessary steps to add
resources and increase fluidity in order to help customers meet their own growth targets this year despite
the ongoing supply chain disruptions.

Let's begin with Slide 5 of the presentation and an overview of our second quarter financial results.
Operating income increased to $1.69 billion and earnings per share rose to $0.52. These figures include
$349 million and $0.12 per share impact from the sale of property rights to the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Our operating ratio was 43.4%, including an 11.7 percentage point impact from the Virginia transaction.
Excluding these impacts, operating income increased 62%, earnings per share increased 82%, and the
operating ratio improved 820 basis points.

Turning to Slide 6. Revenue increased 33% on 27% volume growth. Merchandise revenue increased 26%
on 21% higher volumes, led by automotive, metals and equipment and ag and food markets. Intermodal
revenue increased 42% on 28% volume growth, setting a new record for average daily volume. Both
domestic and international volumes increased significantly and continued to benefit from strong demand
for transportation services as well as growth from East Coast ports. Coal revenue increased 47% on 44%
higher volumes, with growth across all coal markets. Domestic coal benefited from higher utility and
industrial demand, and both export met and thermal coal volumes rebounded meaningfully. Other revenue
growth was driven by increased intermodal storage and equipment usage as well as higher revenue from
affiliates.

Turning to Slide 7. We remain committed to being the safest railroad. In the second quarter, we achieved
a new record low number of train accidents driven by a focus on increased communication and education
to reduce human factor caused accidents. Safety initiatives for the remainder of the year will focus on
culture, communication and continuous education.

As an example, we recently introduced a modified approach through operational testing for T&E
employees. The new program is designed to be instructive rather than disciplinary to increase employee
engagement and create lasting changes in behavior. Combined with face-to-face safety summit and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

expanded education of top causes of incidents, these new programs will further reduce risk and protect
our workforce.

Moving to Slide 8. Let's review this quarter's operating metrics. The intermodal segment continues to
perform well. Intermodal trip plan performance averaged 89% for the quarter. And through the use of our
reservation system and the hard work of our intermodal team, we have kept all our intermodal's terminals
open over the last year as volumes surged. Carload trip plan performance improved sequentially to 69%
for the quarter, and we are focused on continuing this positive momentum throughout the rest of the year.

We are also working to further improve network fluidity. Car dwell improved sequentially and remains the
lowest in the industry. Velocity began to trend positively exiting the quarter, and we expect to see further
improvements in both metrics in the second half of the year.

On Slide 9, I want to take the opportunity to highlight some of the actions we're taking to resource the
network for growth. As I mentioned on previous calls, we ended the year planning to add T&E headcount
in response to the expected growth, and we'll continue adding through the second half of the year. Over
the past several months, we have increased the size and number of our new conductor classes and then
also enacted new programs to improve availability of existing employees to ensure that we have resources
in place to capture the rising demand and serve our customers well.

We stage locomotives across the network as we prepared for the incremental volumes. While these assets
provide additional flexibility to react to customer demand, we are maintaining a balanced operating plan.
And we are investing in the safety and the reliability of our network. We demonstrated this commitment
by maintaining our capital spend throughout the pandemic, and we continue to invest with a focus on the
long-term growth and sustainability of our business. We still have ample capacity across the network for
growth, and we are working to find new ways to improve the efficiency and impact of our capital spending
programs.

Turning to Slide 10. Our focus on investing for the future extends to improving the safety, productivity
and sustainability of CSX' operations through the increased use of technology, while we are driving further
emissions reductions through our advancement of energy management software and the expanded use of
fuel savings technologies.

In addition to the almost 40% increase in distributed powertrains year-over-year, we continued to expand
the number of distributed power equipped locomotives. We are adding that capability to approximately
100 locomotives this year in addition to including that on all the locomotive rebuilds we are performing.

We're also expanding use of inspection technologies to improve the safety of our operations and increase
the efficacy of our track maintenance and repair programs. We're performing roughly 80% more drone
inspection flights this year, and our increased use of autonomous track inspection cars is improving safety
by better highlighting areas in need of repair.

Lastly, we're providing our field employees with digital tools to replace inefficient manual or paper-based
processes to increase the speed of the communication across the railroad. We have distributed roughly
9,000 tablets to employees, which are improving both safety and productivity by allowing real-time
information sharing and feedback.

We are pleased with the success of these programs to date, and we are only beginning to see the potential
value these investments can bring, from more efficient network planning and dispatching to changing how
our customers interact with CSX. We see significant opportunities to leverage technology to improve the
pace and quality of decision-making across our business.

I'll now turn it over to Sean to run through the numbers.

Sean R. Pelkey
VP & Acting CFO

Thank you, Jim. I'm pleased to be here today, and I'm excited for the opportunity to continue serving this
company at an important time in our history as we focus on culture, innovation and growth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Looking at the second quarter financial results on Slide 12. Revenue increased $735 million or 33% versus
the prior year. This reflects growth across every market as we cycle the impacts of COVID-19. Revenue
per unit growth of 5% includes a 2% impact from higher fuel surcharge revenue, combined with favorable
pricing and higher other revenue. Total expenses were 9% lower in the quarter. These results included a
$349 million gain related to the sale of property rights to Virginia, which was partially offset by the impact
of higher fuel price. Excluding the property gain and the impact of fuel price, expenses would have been
up 9% on a volume increase of 27%.

Before I get into specifics by line, I would like to address the topic of inflation. The good news is we have
secured adequate inventory and supply commitments for critical materials, and we've worked to lock in
the vast majority of unit costs for 2021. Excluding locomotive fuel, expense inflation this quarter was
just above 3%, and we don't expect that to move much going into the second half. We are seeing cost
pressures on capital materials for core infrastructure and are working to offset that through increased
productivity, sourcing shifts and inventory management. We don't expect any change to the overall capital
budget this year.

Several of our supplier contracts are based on lagging indicators. So we'll continue to monitor things
closely going into next year and ensure inventory levels for critical materials remain adequate.

Now moving down to the specific expense line items for Q2. Labor and fringe was up 18%. Higher volume
and inflation together drove a $75 million increase in expense. Additionally, incentive compensation
increased $60 million on higher projections for award payouts this year coupled with prior year downward
adjustments related to COVID impacts.

We continue to absorb growth on the network and sustain productivity gains. As we work to hire
conductors, we've increased the use of distributed power and continue to optimize the plan. While total
head count is roughly flat from year-end 2020, the active T&E count is up approximately 200 this year,
and we expect continued sequential increases in the third and fourth quarters.

MS&O expense increased 6% or $23 million in the second quarter as higher volumes and inflation were
the primary drivers. Locomotive productivity measured in GTMs per available horsepower hour improved
4% compared to the second quarter of last year. We expect this to improve even further going forward as
velocity and cycle times recover.

In addition, we are absorbing growth and driving efficiencies at our intermodal terminals with cost per
container lift down 12% year-over-year. Fuel expense increased $103 million driven by average fuel prices
that nearly doubled as well as higher volume. During the quarter, we also recorded an $18 million benefit
related to the settlement of a state fuel tax matter.

Looking at other expenses. Depreciation increased $4 million in the quarter, primarily due to a larger asset
base. Equipment rent expense increased $9 million or 12%. The impact of higher volume on freight car
rents was partially offset by higher net earnings at affiliates.

As a result of the Virginia transaction, gains on property dispositions increased significantly in the second
quarter. As a reminder, the gain during the quarter was related to the first phase of the transaction. Total
proceeds are expected to be $525 million, including $200 million already received, $200 million later this
year and the remaining $125 million expected next year.

Turning below the line. Interest expense improved $10 million due to a lower weighted average coupon
and lower average debt balances. Other income increased $5 million as favorable pension impacts were
partially offset by lower interest on cash held. Income tax expense increased $204 million, mostly due to
higher pretax income. The effective tax rate was 23.3% and was impacted by a state legislative change
this quarter.

Closing out the income statement, CSX delivered operating income of $1.7 billion. The reported operating
ratio was 43.4%, including a benefit of approximately 1,200 basis points from property gains.

Now these results do not include any impact from the Quality Carriers acquisition, which closed on July
1. The acquisition will add approximately 6% to CSX' revenue and is expected to be relatively neutral to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

operating income and EPS this year due to the impact of transaction and integration-related expenses.
Quality trucking revenue will be recorded in the other revenue line. On the cost side, about 2/3 of the
expense will be MS&O. About 1/4 of it is split between labor and fuel, with the rest hitting depreciation and
rents.

Going forward, we expect to leverage the quality transaction to accelerate rail growth by offering new
multimodal products, extending our reach and further integrating CSX into our customers' supply chains.

Now turning to cash flow on Slide 13. As you know, free cash flow is a major focus for this team. Through
the second quarter, free cash flow before dividends was $1.9 billion, up 35% versus the prior year. Just to
put that in context, that's $300 million more free cash flow than we generated in all of 2017. Year-to-date
free cash flow conversion on net income is 100%. And we expect it to remain near that level on a full year
basis.

The company's cash balance remains elevated at nearly $3 billion. Our expectation remains that this will
normalize over time as we continue to invest in the business and return capital to shareholders.

Year-to-date shareholder returns are nearly $1.7 billion, including approximately $1.3 billion in buybacks
and $400 million in dividends. We remain committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders with a
balanced and opportunistic approach to buybacks.

With that, let me turn it back to Jim for his closing remarks.

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Great. Thanks, Sean. Concluding with Slide 15, we are maintaining our full year revenue outlook.
Excluding the impact from Quality Carriers, we continue to project double-digit revenue growth for the
year. As Sean mentioned, the acquisition will add approximately 6% incremental revenue growth on
an annualized basis, and we expect the impact this year to be about half of that. We will achieve these
growth targets by providing our customers with a high-quality service product. As I said, we are taking
necessary steps to ensure we deliver on this commitment. Our capital expenditure outlook remains at $1.7
billion to $1.8 billion for the year, and we will continue returning cash to shareholders.

Demand remains strong and so does our commitment to customers. We are resourcing the network for
growth. We are driving operational improvements to add capacity through increased asset utilization. We
are investing in our business for the long term, and we continue to design new and creative solutions to
allow customers to move more freight with CSX today and for years to come.

Now back to Bill for the Q&A.

Bill Slater
Head of Investor Relations
Thank you, Jim. [Operator Instructions] With that, we will now take questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Allison Landry with Crédit Suisse.

Allison M. Landry
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I was hoping you could maybe talk about the underlying pricing environment, specifically what you're
seeing on contract renewals even if just directionally from Q1. And then just given the myriad of
inflationary pressures and very tight truck capacity, do you think there's scope for a more rapid
acceleration in core price than you've seen in past cycles?

Kevin S. Boone
Executive Vice President of Sales & Marketing

Allison, this is Kevin. In terms of price inflation today and cost inflation, what we're seeing -- and I'm
keeping close with Sean and staying close to that so we can be transparent with our customers and
explain to them what we're seeing in the market. None of it is a surprise to them. They're seeing it in their
business. They certainly understand the pressures that are out there in terms of labor and other material
costs. What we're really trying to do is see if some of these things are transitory or whether they're really
here for the long term, and we'll continue to evaluate that throughout the year.

When you look at generally our contracts, we have a lot of those renewals that occur in the fourth and first
quarter. They're concentrated in those quarters. And really, it represents about 70% of our annual contract
renewal activity. So we'll continue to look at that. We're communicating transparent with our customers
and expect to obviously achieve that cost inflation through our pricing.

Operator

Your next question comes from Amit Mehrotra with Deutsche Bank.

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Congrats on the great performance. Sean, if I look at the underlying operating ratio in the second quarter,
55.1%, is there any reason that, that moderates in the back half? I guess you have to add that -- we have
to add the Quality Carriers into the mix. That looks like it's maybe 100 bps of negative impact this year,
given it's half of the $600 million or so in revenue. But I would just -- if you just take that and table it for
a second, mix is getting better, hopefully in the back half. Kevin just talked about 70% repricing towards
the end of this year, maybe half of that towards the end of this year.

I would just expect that the underlying OR ex the Quality Carriers acquisition gets better in the second
half versus the stellar performance in the second quarter. If you can just help us think about that.

Sean R. Pelkey
VP & Acting CFO

Yes. Thanks, Amit. So when you think about the second quarter, not a whole lot of unique items in there
other than the Virginia transaction, and then I talked about the impact of the fuel tax settlement there. So
strip those out and carry it forward to the second half of the year. What's going to impact the operating
ratio in the second half of the year, quality. You're right. I think you're doing the math correctly there.

We've got some hiring to do. So we're going to be bringing on some crews. If we bring on the crews and
network fluidity improves and we're able to move the volume, that will be a positive. But there will be a
cost to bringing those crews on. We're also going to have some incentives here to increase the availability
of crews. So that will be an impact.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

And then probably the biggest variable is what does volume look like in the second half. We've been able
to demonstrate here, albeit on a relatively easy comp that the drop-through is pretty good. The margins in
the second half will be highly dependent on what the volume looks like.

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Right. But then on the labor side, I think there's 6% to 7% of the workforce that attrits every year. So
when you're talking about growth in sequential labor or headcount, is that a net number or a gross
number, net of attrition? If you can just provide a little bit of color on that as well.

Sean R. Pelkey
VP & Acting CFO

Yes. So I mean we're going to continue hiring through the rest of the year and as long as we need to in
order to move the volume and increase fluidity. I would expect sequential headcount is probably going to
go up a little bit on a net basis, both in the third quarter and the fourth quarter.

Operator

Your next question comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Maybe a question on the revenue outlook for the back half of the year. So obviously, you're maintaining
your outlook, and that's fantastic. I guess when we think about volumes, do you feel like the network is
at all constrained in order to take on incremental volume? Meaning do you think you're running kind of
below what the demand environment would be able to sort of provide you? And then in that context, how
do you feel about sort of service? Are there some improvements that need to be made, whether those
heads coming back on or otherwise, so you can kind of reach maybe full potential from a volume growth
perspective in the back half?

Kevin S. Boone
Executive Vice President of Sales & Marketing

Yes, Chris. Look, when you look at the transportation sector as a whole, we're not unique. Everyone is
having their challenges. The fluidity out there is not very good right now when you look across all modes
of transportation and those challenges. We're facing the same challenges, getting trucks to pick up the
boxes out of our yards, all those things create challenges for us.

So yes, I'd say there is opportunity that we weren't able to move in the second quarter. That's probably a
fair assessment. As we get more fluid, as we bring on crews, I suspect that, that will generate opportunity.
We're certainly having those conversations with our customers today. They want additional capacity, and
we're committed to do everything we can, to react as quickly as we can, to bring on more people, more
capacity to serve those customer needs.

We're already starting to have conversations around next year. So I'm communicating every day with
Jamie when I'm having discussions with customers on what they need. And so we can get out ahead of it
with our resources. We can plan ahead. We can commit to delivering the service that we expect to do.

Operator

Your next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America.

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Securities, Research Division

Congrats on the solid results. Just wanted to talk a little bit about the congestion that's going on. So
obviously, you just had a couple of questions on employees and ability to handle it. We've seen the 2
Western rails kind of do embargoes on traffic. Maybe talk a bit about -- we've seen your metrics kind of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

come down in terms of on-time performance. Talk about if you're starting to see any of that spread to the
Eastern network. Is there different congestion points that -- especially what's going on in Chicago that you
fear is starting to create any larger backlogs?

And then just on that note, your cost per employee really scaled. Can you address kind of if there's
anything in that, that we should look at going forward?

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Ken, it's Jim. I'll make a quick comment, and then I'll let Jamie follow up with any details if things are
necessary. We've been very, very, very committed to making sure that this railroad runs well. It has been
an unbelievable challenge. I've never seen any kind of a thing like this in the transportation environment
in my entire career where everything seems to be going sideways at the same time. Despite all that, we
have been able to keep our terminals open in Chicago, and I hope we can continue to do that.

In January, when I got on this call, I said we were hiring because we anticipated growth. I fully expected
that by now we would have about 500 new T&E employees on the property. No way did I or anybody
else in the last 6 months realized how difficult it was going to be to try and get people to come to work
these days. It is an enormous challenge for us to go out and find people that want to be conductors on the
railroad, just like it's hard to find people that want to be Baristas or anything else. It's very, very difficult.
Nor did we anticipate that a lot of the people were going to decide they didn't want to work anymore. So
our attrition was much higher in the first half of the year than what we had expected.

So even though we brought on 200 new employees, we fell short of where we thought we would be by
now going into the year because we anticipated that there was going to be strong demand. We continue
to expect there to be strong demand. And as long as there continues to be the forecast for demand, we
are going to continue to hire employees because you need employees to run a railroad. That's what we're
managing this company to do, is to serve our customers' needs, and we will bring on the assets and put
them into places where they need to be so we can move our customers' freight, simple as that.

Jamie J. Boychuk
Executive Vice President of Operations

Look, I think Jim's comments really nailed it with respect to some of the headwinds that we've faced here
with respect to the metrics and where they sit. I'm proud of what this team has been able to do under
the environment we've been at. Quite confident that in the environment we're in that Kevin and his team
is providing us with some great numbers of what we need to look for going forward into the next 6 to 8
months as far as you can in this industry.

But we know we can do better on these metrics. And that's what I think is the great opportunity. As an
operating team, as we look forward, we've got the rolling stock that we need. We've got the assets that
are sitting there. It's people to Jim's point, and I think it was mentioned by Amit. It was -- yes, 8% is
where we look at for our attrition, which means we're going to be hiring for attrition, but we're going to
be hiring for above attrition as well. We need to -- we've got 200 trainees out there. We mentioned that
our T&E count's up a couple of hundred. There's more numbers. We know what our number is, and we're
going to go after that. And for us, it's all about the reliability to the customer.

So as the fluidity picks up, as dwell continues to drop, yes, we see some benefits there with costs and the
rest of it as we move along. But ultimately, we look at our trip plan performance, which is getting better
and better, particularly on the intermodal side. On the carload side, the reliability isn't where we need it to
be. So we're going to take the steps required in order to get that reliability where it has to be.

And Kevin and his team are able to go out there and sell the product, which is service, and that's key for
us. Without service, we're not any different than anybody else. So we've got to continue to capture that,
which allows us to grow, and continue to push forward.

So maybe I'll let Sean really touch on the cost per employee question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Sean R. Pelkey
VP & Acting CFO

Yes, Ken, just quickly on that. So if you're looking year-over-year, there's a few things to think about.
First is the incentive comp I called out. You've got inflation on the labor side. And then we've got a little
bit higher over time versus last year as we were obviously scaling down over time with the plummeting
volumes.

Just the other factor from last year, you remember we had those emergency reserve boards. So we had
about 300 employees who didn't have significant wages along with their emergency status there. So
looking for the -- from the first quarter, we're actually down a little bit sequentially, reflecting some normal
seasonal trends.

Operator

Your next question comes from Tom Wadewitz with UBS.

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Yes. This is a question, I think, for Jim, maybe Kevin as well. You've talked about, I think, for a couple
of years about the opportunity with carload shippers to gain wallet share versus truck. And I think you
were developing some good momentum or had some good momentum in that before COVID. I just -- I'm
wondering -- it's unusual circumstance, but does it hurt your ability to continue that program and to kind
of gain further share from these shippers given that the rail network is having these challenges? I mean
they're not -- a lot of it is not in your control, but how do you think that affects the ability to gain share?
And when do you think you kind of get back on track with that share gain for carload shippers?

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Tom. Many times, we've tried to explain why we're so confident in our ability to grow above
traditional rates in our carload merchandise business was because we have -- if we can develop a product
that's truck-like, we have a cost advantage that gives the customer lower-cost transportation solution with
a similar level of reliability. And as we were moving along, as you said, coming and starting in '17, getting
into '19, our reliability was significantly better than where it had been in 2017.

Our carload trip plan compliance number was in the high -- mid- to high 80% range. And so going in and
having conversations with a customer who, number one, was skeptical about switching from truck to rail,
we had a very good track record and an interesting product for him to look at.

It's unfortunate when I now have to sit here much to my disillusionment and say our trip plan compliance
number is 69. Is that 69 trip plan compliance much better than it was in 2017? Yes. So we still have the
ability to have a good narrative with our customer base about why it makes sense for them to switch,
but it's just simply not as compelling as it was 18 months ago or 15 months ago or before the world went
sideways on us.

So -- but we're going to get that back. That number would be much higher had, as I said, the 500
employees that we hoped that we would have had here by now, new conductors here by now, that number
would have been much higher. And we're hiring and doing whatever we possibly we can do to run and
improve the speed, velocity and reliability of our service. And as we do, we'll get back to having -- being in
a position to have similar conversations with our customers as we did before.

At the same time, it isn't easy to find a truck right now. So it's unfortunate that we're not really -- on the
one hand, we're not as good as we were. But on the other hand, when we get back where we were, the
opportunity right there is tremendous for us. So nothing has really changed about our optimism at all in
terms of this strategy that will drive outsized growth for us as we move forward. It's just unfortunate.
But as I said, the world went sideways on us here for a while. But we're coming back, we're coming back
strong, and we'll be even better than where we were as we get more time to get things running right.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Is that something that bounces back quickly like you could be on track in 2022? Or do you think the
shippers have some kind of readjustment period to engage on that share gain discussion again?

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Again, I hope that our service metrics -- as I said, I kind of said on the last call, we'd be in great shape by
now. So yes, I expect those numbers to get back by the end of the year and reposition ourselves in the
transportation community as it had an extremely good service product that -- going into next year. Again,
we're getting truck conversions now. Our intermodal growth to a large degree is coming from converting
long haul, over-the-road trucking to intermodal. Our growth in certain segments with certain customers in
the carload side is coming at the expense of the truck.

So we're still seeing that. I just think that the -- again, we are not in -- it's not as easy for a salesman or
women to go in and talk to a customer today about how great we are and why they should convert more
traffic to rail than it was in the fall of 2019. It doesn't mean it's not achievable, it just means it's not as
easy and we'll just have to work harder.

Operator

Your next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

Kevin, it feels like for now, we've got a favorable environment for coal. Maybe just talk about what you're
expecting from a volume and RPU standpoint on coal going forward. And then just separately, Jim, just
any thoughts on the executive order and how you guys think about reacting, responding in any way?

Kevin S. Boone
Executive Vice President of Sales & Marketing

Yes. The coal market, similar to a lot of the other markets that we've talked about today, is the same. It's
-- demand is outstripping supply. You're having the coal mines trying to catch up. They've underinvested.
So they're catching up on some of their investments. They're having some of the same struggles we are
on the people side. So we're seeing all that today.

You see the underlying commodity prices, whether it's natural gas here in the U.S. or met coal prices
internationally and thermal coal prices internationally, they're all supportive of an uptick in volume. And
we'll start to lap some -- continue to lap some very easy comps in the back half of the year, so we do
expect growth but not back to the levels that we saw in 2019, and a lot of that is based on the supply
chain continuing to try to catch up with the demand.

So what we're already having discussions with our customers is what does it look like for next year and
how do we continue to replenish inventories, particularly here on the domestic side, where our inventory
levels are very low. We're in a situation right now where we're trying to keep inventory levels to above
those critical levels so they can continue to burn and serve their customers. And -- but the environment
has quickly turned up. I had discussions last week. They didn't see this coming. They were surprised about
how quickly the market recovered. And so we're all communicating and really trying to understand how
they can do better, how they can -- on the supply side and how we can deliver the transportation services
so they can deliver to their end customer.

But very good outlook. When you look at RPU, there's a little bit on the international side that will see
favorability, particularly on the met side, where our price follows the commodity price and domestic will
be relatively similar kind of dynamics that you saw in the second quarter going forward. So good market
there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Scott. On the executive order, I guess, when we first heard about it before it actually been released,
it seemed like the administration had, for some reason, singled out the railroads and the steamship
businesses. Once the full information got out and we were able to digest it and find out that it covered
everything and everybody and especially tech, we got a little better viewpoint of what it was all about. And
it appears to be pretty much not a lot of new items in it, if any, but the agenda as it relates to railroads,
the agenda that has been moving full -- along at the Surface Transportation Board for years. So it was
kind of like what is everything that's going on at the Surface Transportation Board, and we'll just kind of
list it along with every other regulatory move afoot in all industries.

And it's really my personal opinion, it's really unfortunate when the supply chain, all of these essential
workers who have been doing an amazing job now during a pandemic are kind of singled out. The railroad
is made up of all these employees that are out there working. And all of these regulatory ideas which are
really pushed forward by industry lobbyists, who want to change the rules and regulations, decided at
this point in time when everybody is working so hard, that we should suddenly upend and take advantage
of a difficult time to try and push forward a regulatory agenda. So it's not much new. I was somewhat
disillusioned about what it really was. But we're used to handling it and we'll move forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from Fadi Chamoun with BMO.

Fadi Chamoun
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

A question on Quality Carriers. If you can give us maybe your first impression if you had some
communication with clients. How are they perceiving this combination? And secondly, as we go into 2022
-- I think you mentioned for this year, it's going to break even on an operating income basis. But as we go
into 2022, how are you thinking about the contribution of that business to operating income?

Kevin S. Boone
Executive Vice President of Sales & Marketing

This is Kevin. On the Quality integration, July 1, you can imagine we got our teams together quickly after
that, our sales team, along with the Quality sales team. And the feedback so far from the customers
has been overwhelmingly positive. They're looking for capacity in the market. We have several ongoing
initiatives currently with customers that will offer that capacity that they're looking for. We're doing all of
our diligence, making sure when we bring on the service, we communicate with Jamie and his team and
that we can service that business to the standard that we expect. So that -- we'll do it very carefully and
very methodically, particularly in this market today.

But this is a product that -- and we knew this going in because we did our diligence ahead of it. We
surveyed our customers, and we surveyed their customers, and we asked if this is something that they
feel is needed in the market. And the overwhelming response was, yes, we'd like this in the market. They
see the value. We'll be thoughtful on how we bring it on. We had a lot of inbound customers calling us
looking to come up with additional solutions, and we'll bring those on.

But it's been great so far. Our teams are working very, very closely together, and we're working closely
with ops and so they can understand the opportunities and ways that we're thinking about bringing
incremental volume onto the network.

And I'll let Sean handle the financial side of it.

Sean R. Pelkey
VP & Acting CFO

Yes. Fadi, so in terms of the financial impact as we get into next year, the core trucking business has
truck-like margins. So you can expect to see that next year. But it's about the conversion that Kevin has

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

been talking about when we're able to drive some of that business that's moving over the road today over
to the rail and do it on existing trains. The incrementals on that growth should be pretty significant. We've
got to ramp that up over time. We need to make sure we've got the equipment and all piping in place, but
you should see a ramp-up in that next year.

Operator

Your next question comes from Justin Long with Stephens.

Justin Trennon Long
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Jim, I wanted to clarify the comment you made earlier on the progression of carload trip plan compliance
going forward. Were you saying that getting back to the mid- to high 80s was possible by year-end? And
then from a resource perspective, we've talked a lot about headcount, but can you talk about your plans
for redeploying locomotives in the back half of the year as well?

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'll let Jamie talk about locomotives. But in terms of my goal to get back to where we were, yes, I
would hope that we could. Where we are right now would be challenges associated with being able to hire
people. I don't know if that's achievable. That's my goal. That's what I'd like to see happen. And then
I'd like to see us get better from there. I can't say right now whether or not -- until something changes
dramatically in the hiring situation whether or not we'd be able to achieve that.

Jamie J. Boychuk
Executive Vice President of Operations

On the locomotive side, as we get faster and we can improve our fluidity out there from even where we
are now, we're going to need less locomotives. So the question isn't necessarily where our number is
at now. We're good with what we have for our locomotives. We've still got hundreds of locomotives in
storage. We've got a great rebuild program that we're continuing to do. We've got 60 rebuilt locomotives
coming out here over the next 3 months, which will allow us to put down some more locomotives that
aren't as fuel efficient.

So we'll continue along that track. And nothing but continued opportunities, particularly on the technology
side as we continue to work with our 0-to-0 program through Trip Optimizer and Wi-Tronix. There's a lot to
gain as we continue to move forward on that front.

Operator

Your next question comes from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan.

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just wanted to ask maybe, Kevin, for you, just for an update on the land portfolio, the industrial pipeline,
how you think those things are trending, if those conversations have really changed given the demand
backdrop? What's, I guess, your time line expectations for site development or something like that, that
would come from those efforts that would be more noticeable?

And then just a follow up on the question about labor and resources. It sounds like that's the key, getting
labor, but it also sounds like it's pretty hard for you and for everybody. So maybe you can just give us
a sense of your confidence in that and then if there's any other levers you can pull across the network,
different asset deployments that would help you get there if the labor doesn't -- ends up being as hard as
it looks right now.

Kevin S. Boone
Executive Vice President of Sales & Marketing

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Well, let me touch on the industrial development and how we're thinking about it. The pandemic really has
changed the way the customers are viewing their supply chains, and we're really -- what I'm pushing the
team to do is we need to be in that conversation as they're reevaluating it. Are there new facilities? Are
there new warehousing? Is there new production that they're going to want to onshore? And how do we
sell the opportunity to put that on CSX rail and make it rail served.

I think the customers understand the opportunity that, that gives them in terms of options and being able
to move their freight, particularly in an environment where global supply chains can be challenged that
the freight -- that the railroads have been reliable and have continued to move freight throughout the
pandemic. And they're increasingly seeing the value to that.

So I'm excited about leveraging our real estate portfolio. We have a lot of ready sites that they can build
on today. We're marketing that along with the real estate team closely and seeing some traction there. So
it's exciting. I think it's early. But I'm hopeful that we'll start to see a little bit more opportunity over the
next 12 months as we get out and get in front of our customers there.

Jamie J. Boychuk
Executive Vice President of Operations

On the labor side, I've been working really closely with our HR department, Diana Sorfleet and her crew.
Really, the last 8 months, it's been difficult. There's no question about it. We've gone through some ebbs
and flows with how our applications have come forward, making sure we get the right people to work in
new jobs.

Just recently, there's a couple of things that we've done that's helped us. We've come up with a deal with
our conductor SMART TD for an availability agreement, which allows us to work closer with our conductors
and make sure that their availability is better than it has been. So that agreement has been successful
here over the past couple of weeks since it's kicked in. And believe it or not, being a fourth-generation
railroader, I'm a believer that sometimes the best people you can get for railroads that stick around are
actual people from railroad families. I think there's a few others around this table in the same situation.

We have put a referral program together, offering incentives to our employees to refer people to our
railroad to work for CSX, and we went from application of just a few hundred people to, I would say, within
a 2-week period, well over 1,000 applicants that we're going through right now to bring on as conductors.
So the pipeline has gotten very strong, and this program has helped out. And of course, the referrals
will then help people stick around, too. They understand what the job is. They know what it's about and
understand the lifestyle. So this program is really going to help us move forward as we continue to do our
hiring.

Operator

Your next question comes from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs.

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Just wondering if you could talk a little about the international intermodal front with the issues that are out
on the West Coast and some of the gating procedures in Chicago. Do you think that's -- is that -- or will
that lead as we move towards peak season, retailers and others perhaps diverting more traffic to the ports
on the East Coast? And could that lead to additional opportunity for you, again, assuming your service
could keep up?

Kevin S. Boone
Executive Vice President of Sales & Marketing

Yes. I think you really identified a trend here. The West Coast ports have struggled, particularly through
the pandemic and as freight demand has really picked up here. And the secular trend that we continue to
see more freight moving to the East Coast, this is another reason why I think the shippers are going to
look for that option, and that's a very good thing for our franchise in the East. We remained fluid. Jamie
and his team have done a great job working with all of our port partners to continue to move freight.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

And so the intermodal terminals remain open. We're continuing to move freight and we want more of it.
We're continuing to invest in inland ports and other areas to make sure that we can serve it.

Operator

Your next question comes from David Vernon with Sanford.

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Jamie, it's still not clear to me whether the resource initiatives you're having are a function of having cut
too deep kind of on the way down or whether this is just sort of sand in the restart recruiting gears, trying
to get guys off of the idle boards or whatever. Could you talk more specifically to what the core issue is
here?

And then as a follow-up, Jim or Kevin, when do you start getting worried that the service-level issues
you're having now are going to impact your ability to make hay on the [ port ] to be a pretty good market
next year?

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

It was a little fuzzy, but I think the question is the issues associated with the employees and trying to hire
people, correct?

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Yes.

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, we're not -- I don't think -- I think this is a trend for every business right now. It's a challenge.
I think we're evolving in the way we think about this and have to try and figure out things to do to make
these jobs more attractive. They're extremely good paying jobs with extremely good benefits with all kinds
of other bells and whistles, but in today's world, that's not enough.

So a lot of the things we're doing right now in terms of, as Jamie said, getting referrals, doing this, doing
that, are going to fill the need on a short-term basis. But I'm convinced and I think the team is convinced
that we need to kind of look at this from a long-term perspective and say, what do we really need to do to
make sure that we have a stable, long-term pipeline of people that enjoy coming to work and doing what
they need to do. And nights, weekends, holidays, winter, outside, all of that where people before kind of
like that, they don't want to do that anymore.

So we have to look at the whole big picture, and we'll do that because we need employees to run the
railroads, simple as that. And so we're going to change our thoughts, our processes and throwing money
at people these days is not the answer.

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

And I guess the other question in there was whether and when you start to get worried that the service
issues you're having now starts to impact your ability to kind of take rate up into '22.

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Well, I think that the -- I'm not worried right now because I think we have plans in place that will get us
where we need to be by the end of the year. As I said in my remarks earlier, we were caught somewhat

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

surprised in as much as we had a plan in place to get us to where we thought we needed to be, and these
issues that everybody is facing right now kind of flared up.

But we have -- it's been a full-court press. Jamie and I are personally doing everything we possibly can to
work with the union leadership to help us, and they've been tremendous in their response to making sure
that we're ready and willing and able to serve our customers.

So I feel pretty good about where we should be absent looking -- living in Jacksonville and working in
Jacksonville today. It's not like the pandemic is going out there. Hello, it's alive and well right here. So
who knows what things -- what's going to happen in the next couple of weeks, couple of months. Well,
let's assume that we have some reasonable health conditions in the country. I feel pretty good we'll go
into '22 well positioned, and we will continue to make sure that we have a pipeline of labor coming at us
all the time in the future.

Operator

Your next question comes from Walter Spracklin with RBC.

Walter Noel Spracklin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I just wanted to come back on pricing, but I take a different angle in terms of how you're structuring or
might be restructuring or changing at all the type of contracts you're negotiating with your customers. And
in particular, we're in a period of high pricing, particularly in trucking and intermodal. And there are some
questions whether that is sustainable. So my question to you is, are you changing -- or can you change
at all the terms of your contract, lengthen them out to better capture and preserve the current pricing
environment longer than you otherwise would have on your prior -- structure your prior contracts?

Kevin S. Boone
Executive Vice President of Sales & Marketing

Look, I don't think there's anything in this environment that changes our overall approach to how we go
to market. It's about being transparent with the customer around the cost pressures that we're facing
in our business. They get it. They're facing the same issues and having a discussion around that. I'm
more interested about how we partner with our customers to grow their business and help them compete
in the markets. Those are the things that I'm really focused about. We all realize we have to cover our
cost. That's really a secondary discussion when it comes to the conversations I'm trying to have with the
customer.

I'm trying to understand how their business is being impacted today, how they expect to grow next year,
what can we do from a service perspective to help them in our new markets, help them advantage in the
market and compete and win share. If they're winning in the market, we're going to win. And so a lot of
those conversations are happening today. Certainly, we expect to cover our cost going forward. But really,
it's a combination of volume growth. We want to grow with our customers. We want them to be successful
growing their business going forward.

Walter Noel Spracklin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Yes, it wasn't so much to take advantage, but more to come to an agreement where, okay, capacity is
very tight. Maybe a customer wants to lock in higher for longer and you can accommodate that through
longer terms. Just curious if any of that is coming up where customers wanting to -- desperate for
capacity wants to lock in for longer and if you can keep that pricing in as a result for longer as well. But it
sounds like that's not happening.

Kevin S. Boone
Executive Vice President of Sales & Marketing

No. Look, I'm 100% confident. I talk to Jamie every day that this network is going to get better and
better, and we're going to enter next year able to service our customers. And we're having those

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

discussions of how we bring on more volume. And what we're asking our customers to do is tell us what
that volume looks like, so we can resource and prepare from a headcount perspective all the crews. We
certainly have the locomotives. We have the assets out there to go and service that business.

So we want to get ahead of that. It's been an incredibly hard market to predict what volumes are going to
do. And we've all been surprised about the shape of the recovery. But what we're trying to do is get out in
front. So we know how much we need to hire and how -- and get way ahead of it to make sure that we're
there for the customer going forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from Cherilyn Radbourne with TD Securities.

Cherilyn Radbourne
TD Securities Equity Research

I wanted to ask a question about automotive, where volumes are up a lot, but presumably not as much as
they could be. So could you talk about the extent to which you have visibility to when the chip shortage
might improve? And do you think that the pent-up demand that might be released once that happens
could be a tailwind that could contribute to above-trend volume growth into 2022?

Kevin S. Boone
Executive Vice President of Sales & Marketing

Well, you're probably looking at the same data I am. You can't find a used car, you can't find a new car.
It's another market where demand is outstripping supply. We're close -- we stay close with our auto
customers. We've seen rolling shutdowns and the auto plants that we serve, and that continues to persist.

When we came into the year, we started to see the problem. The problem seems to continue to move to
the right. It's going to impact our third quarter. And the question remains how long into the fourth quarter
that goes and does it extend into next year, are there going to be other supply constraints in the market,
other materials that will provide shortages. It's a global supply chain. And so what's the next thing that we
could run out of, that's what we're all watching.

But just staying close with the customers, and we do know there's pent-up demand going into next year
that will help a lot of other markets that we serve. Think of the metals market, plastics, all those are
inputs into the auto industry today. And hopefully, it provides another incremental growth lever that will
be pulled as we move into '22. But there's -- everybody sees it. There's a lot of pent-up demand. The auto
production today has continued to come down given the supply constraints out there.

Operator

Your next question comes from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley.

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

A couple of follow-ups. Jim, I wanted to follow up on your comment earlier that throwing money is not
going to solve the labor problem, which does make sense given some of the structural issues. But in the
near term, I think a lot of the other industries are throwing money at the problem, whether it's trucking
or fast food or retail or whatever. So I mean are you saying that you're not going to go down that route at
all? Or kind of at what point do you do that? And also kind of how do we think about kind of revenue per
employee in the back half of the year?

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Well, it's -- I personally think that as I said, we need to look at -- fundamentally look at what we need to
do to make sure that we have a content, happy workforce over the long period of time. And so that's what
we're trying to do. I think that's kind of the plan in most businesses, whether it's bring your dog to work
or whatever it is we need to do to make your job more fulfilling, that's great.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

If I'm a trucking company or an intermodal company and I decide that the smart thing to do is to pay a
truck driver $0.25 million a year to drive a truck and then as always happens in the trucking business, not
maybe next year but the year after, when the bottom drops out and there's excess capacity all over the
street and people are running -- driving trucks for the rates in order to put gas in the tank, that business
model doesn't work so good. So we try to take a longer-term, more holistic approach to managing our
workforce.

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. If I can squeeze in a follow-up. The other revenue was about over $103 million this quarter. Is that
a good run rate to look at the back half of the year?

Sean R. Pelkey
VP & Acting CFO

Yes, Ravi. So that was impacted by the intermodal storage fees that are due to the supply chain issues
and the truck driver shortages that we've been talking about here. So does that continue into the second
half of the year? I think it depends on what happens with the persistence of those issues. But that's really
the fundamental driver here in the second quarter. And then, of course, you've got the quality impact that
will hit other revenue in the second half. So don't forget about that as well.

Operator

Your next question comes from Jon Chappell with Evercore.

Jonathan B. Chappell
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Kevin, just a quick one for you in your new seat. As you're going to these customers for the first time,
what impact are Scope 3 emissions having either for their interest in using the rail to give a bit more of
their wallet or from your side, pitching the rail in addition to your cost benefits, having emission benefit as
well as an opportunity to take more business?

Kevin S. Boone
Executive Vice President of Sales & Marketing

Well, I can tell you the environmental pitch definitely moved to the front of our marketing deck when
we discuss with customers. And I think from the executive level down, it's starting to flow to the
transportation buyers. They realize that's an initiative coming from the top. It's a high priority and we're
an easy solution to solve for that. So it's something I've asked the sales team to continue to press. We are
incorporating it in every discussion we have going forward, and it's resonating quite frankly.

And so it's huge. When I think about all of the secular trends that are going to help CSX grow going
forward, you have the driver shortage. I don't think it gets fixed anytime soon. That's a huge advantage
of -- for us. We can supply capacity into the market. And then you have the environmental side, very,
very powerful, and it will continue to grow. We've seen all the things that have happened in the market.
Investors want it. Our employees want it and our customers and the consumer wants it. So it's something
I'm incredibly passionate about. We're going to continue to sell it, and it's pretty exciting.

Jonathan B. Chappell
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Have you seen it translate yet? Or do you think it's more of just like the immediate future?

Kevin S. Boone
Executive Vice President of Sales & Marketing

I think it's always -- it's hard to measure if we win that business because we're more environmentally
friendly than the truck. It's another reason we're winning business today. The other reason, obviously
capacity constrained, we can -- we have capacity. We're going to continue to grow capacity. We'll recover.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

I'm confident our operating team is going to recover, and we're going to have the best -- most capacity to
offer our customers going into next year. It's as simple as that.

And so all those factors play into why we're winning business, why we're winning in the market. But the
tailwinds are there from a growth perspective. It's just my responsibility, along with Jamie, to go out and
deliver on that.

Operator

Your last question comes from Jeff Kauffman with Vertical Research.

Jeffrey Asher Kauffman
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Thank you for squeezing me in. Sadly, all the intelligent questions have been asked at this point. But
let me just come back to the customer side, Jim, because that seems to be a focus on the market side
right now. If you had your ability to put all the people you want at the railroad today -- and you talked
about the challenge in getting to the 500 T&E by the summer. But let's just say you could and you could
fix that element of what's going on. How much of the service and the trip plan issues would that solve?
Because when I talk to transport companies, they tell me, well, customers are holding onto equipment a
little longer than they should or we've had trouble getting our equipment back or just timely handoffs with
some of our other service partners. How much would be fixed if you had every asset internally that you
wanted?

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

The employee issue, the train and engine service employee issue will clean up the vast majority of the
issues we have that show up in what we call our trip plan compliance number, will improve our velocity,
will drive down our dwell. There will still be the noise in the supply chain. That's not going to correct a
shortage of chassis. That's not going to correct a shortage of containers or draining or a port congestion
and that sort of thing.

But it will -- and so therefore, it's not Nirvana but it will certainly help us in terms of being able to improve
the overall reliability of our product again and get a bit to where it was, so we can focus on making it even
better and better.

Jeffrey Asher Kauffman
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Okay. So you would say the lion's share of getting to where you need to be is something you can handle
internally with more resources?

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean we've always said that. I mean we -- by changing -- fundamentally changing the way this
company runs over the last almost 4 years now, we've freed up capacity across the network. We have a
significant amount of track capacity so we could add growth without investing in track capacity. As Jamie
said earlier, we have locomotives available. We have locomotives on standby. We have locomotives in
storage if we need to use them.

So yes, the impediment to our performance right now is primarily, if not exclusively, I'd like to say it's
primarily because certainly in this business, you have to throw in the occasional pandemic or hurricane.
But primarily when we can hire, we figure out ways like everybody else in the country to replenish our
workforce. The problem was we had a pandemic. We didn't hire during the pandemic because the business
went away.

We have 7% of our workforce that retires every year. 7% of our workforce retired, we thought, okay, the
business bounce back, we'll hire 7% of our employees back plus a little bit more to handle the growth, and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

they're not available. So yes, we'll fix that. It's just taking us longer than we expected. And when we get
that done, the railroad will be back running the way it did before, and we'll get it even better.

Jeffrey Asher Kauffman
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Congratulations to you and your team in a very challenging environment.

James M. Foote
President, CEO & Director

Thank you.

Operator
There are no further questions at this time. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining.
You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

CSX CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

