CVS Health Corporation NYSE:CVS
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, August 05, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.92

2.64

Revenue  (mm)

64292.33

65341.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-05-2020 12:49 PM GMT

37.50

1.63

1.65

7.15

7.52

66257.98

267101.86

273698.10

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.77

1.69

1.63

1.92

1.84

1.73

1.91

2.64

3.95 %

2.37 %

17.18 %

37.50 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alan M. Lotvin
Executive VP & President of CVS
Caremark

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Stephen Vartan Tanal
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Eva C. Boratto
Executive VP & CFO

Jonathan C. Roberts
Executive VP & COO

Karen Sue Lynch
Executive VP & President of the
Aetna

Larry J. Merlo
President, CEO & Director

Valerie C. Haertel
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

Lance Arthur Wilkes
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and welcome to the CVS Health Second Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the call over to Valerie Haertel, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for CVS
Health. Please go ahead.

Valerie C. Haertel
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the CVS Health Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call.
I am joined this morning by Larry Merlo, President and CEO; and Eva Boratto, Executive Vice President
and CFO. Following our prepared remarks, we'll host a question-and-answer session that will include Jon
Roberts, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; Karen Lynch, Executive Vice President
and President of Aetna; and Alan Lotvin, Executive Vice President and President of Caremark. [Operator
Instructions] In addition to this call, our press release and Form 10-Q, we have posted a slide presentation
to our website.

Please note that during this call, we will make certain forward-looking statements that reflect our current
views, including our financial projections and statements related to our future financial performance,
future events, industry and market conditions and the future impact of COVID-19 on our enterprise.
Our forward-looking statements are based on management's estimates, assumptions and projections
and are subject to significant uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond CVS Health's
control, including the future impact of COVID-19 on our enterprise. We strongly encourage you to review
the information we file with the SEC regarding these risks and uncertainties, in particular, those that
are described in the Risk Factors section of our 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and the cautionary
statement concerning forward-looking statements and risk factor disclosures in our quarterly report on
Form 10-Q. You should also review the section entitled Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements in this morning's earnings press release.

During this call, we will use non-GAAP financial measures when talking about the company's performance
and financial condition. In accordance with SEC regulations, you can find a reconciliation of these non-
GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in this morning's earnings release and
the reconciliation document posted on the Investor Relations portion of our website. And as always,
today's call is being broadcast on our website where it will be archived for 1 year.

Now I'll turn the call over to Larry.

Larry J. Merlo
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Valerie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. I
don't have to tell you that this past quarter is unparalleled and unprecedented as we navigate the health,
social and economic impacts of COVID-19. Having said that, our earnings in this environment demonstrate
the strength in our strategy and the power of our diversified business model.

The environment surrounding COVID-19 is accelerating our transformation, and it's providing new
opportunities to demonstrate the power of our integrated offerings and the ability to deliver care to the
consumer in the community, in the home and in the palm of their hand. The pandemic has made it a
necessity to contribute in ways that have called on the capabilities, expertise and footprint of many of
our assets in combination to rapidly deliver solutions at scale that meet client and consumer needs and
preferences.

Now those of you who have been following us for some time know that CVS Health is much more than just
your corner drugstore. And in this era of COVID, our strategy of diverse assets across health care, this

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

tryout of care where connections are delivered in the community, at home and in the palm of your hand
could not be more important. We have substantially expanded our community reach, which has proven
to demonstrate the value of bringing differentiated assets and delivery mechanisms to bear, meeting
consumer needs in delivering lower-cost, high-value care and nationwide testing, which we'll talk about in
depth in just a moment.

Increasingly, the power of our assets is taking us into areas that provide greater choice as well as
new areas for growth, ranging from diagnostic testing to B2B solutions, to the potential of clinical trial
recruitment and enrollment. The results we share with you today underscore that our strategy is right,
that it's working and that COVID-19 is driving us to bend our innovation curve markedly and accelerate
solutions that will have long-term sustainability. There are numerous interdependencies in our 3 core
businesses that the pandemic has made more apparent, driving the strength in our diversification while
bringing new solutions to market.

So with that, let me summarize our second quarter results and the proactive steps we have taken in
light of the pandemic as our team has shown great flexibility and responsiveness, adapting quickly to our
clients' and consumers' evolving needs.

For the second quarter, adjusted earnings per share increased to $2.64 with total revenues of $65.3
billion. Our consolidated enterprise core performance was in line with our expectations, and our results
reflect the varying impacts of COVID-19 across our business. The Health Care Benefits segment saw a
positive impact from significantly lower medical costs, which was partially offset by lower volume and
higher COVID-19-related expenses in our Retail/Long-Term Care segment. The COVID-19 impact in the
Pharmacy Services segment was modest. Now we are raising our full year 2020 guidance to $7.14 to
$7.27, and Eva will provide additional details in her remarks.

In response to the pandemic, we accelerated a number of aspects of our strategy. And our strong
foundation of clinical expertise, data analytics and digital capabilities, coupled with our unmatched
consumer and community reach, enabled us to rapidly address shifts in the consumer and health care
landscapes. For example, our ability to quickly expand our diagnostic testing and virtual care services to
meet increased customer demand highlights our ability to deliver care wherever our customers want to
receive it. And we are investing in areas where we see the greatest demand and opportunity for us to
differentiate our offerings across this triad of care. And we are pleased with how our new offerings are
resonating with our customers, including commercial and government health plan sponsors and consumers
in the thousands of local communities that we serve.

So let me transition to discussing the work we have performed within those communities. We continue
to play a key role in addressing the critical need to expand COVID testing. We now operate community
testing sites at over 1,800 CVS drive-thru locations, utilizing swab-and-send diagnostics. Importantly, over
50% of these locations are in communities with significant need for support according to the CDC Social
Vulnerability Index.

We recently launched our Return Ready COVID-19 testing solution to our Aetna and Caremark clients.
Return Ready is a fully configurable end-to-end program that enables organizations to screen and test
their employees or students and monitor their populations through integrated reporting capabilities. We
have over 40 clients currently enrolled, including universities and corporations across a variety of sectors
and a strong pipeline of demand of over 1,000 prospects for the core testing offering as well as add-on
health and safety solutions, such as contact tracing and on-site immunization clinics for the upcoming
seasonal flu.

We also launched diagnostic testing for seniors in long-term care facilities. Testing and treatment of
seniors in nursing homes continues to be critically important in protecting one of our most vulnerable
populations. And for both Return Ready and long-term care testing, we are using point-of-care rapid
test diagnostics. Through the end of July, we administered approximately 2 million COVID-19 tests, with
the vast majority scheduled digitally as a result of our highly adaptable, consumer-centric digital health
strategy.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

And finally, we recently launched a new digital platform to assist with registering COVID-19 patients for
clinical trials as vaccines and therapeutic treatments are developed. We view this new service as a natural
extension of our clinical and data and analytics capabilities. Now these new diagnostic and digital services
will provide sustainable value for our enterprise. As an example, 40% of those being tested at a CVS
Pharmacy were not pharmacy customers previously. We're now connected with them digitally with the
objective of making them long-term CVS customers. And as we look ahead, we are well positioned to
administer COVID-19 vaccines once they become available through our community presence as well as
on-site with our Return Ready and long-term care solutions.

Now in addition to COVID-19 testing, we continue to evolve our HealthHUB footprint and offerings. We
paused HealthHUB conversions in late March, we resumed in mid-June and now have 205 locations open
across 22 states. And we remain on track to open approximately 1,500 hubs by the end of 2021. Our
HealthHUBs continue to perform favorably to the control group. In some encouraging metrics, it include a
15% increase in visits associated with chronic services and Aetna member visits over-indexing relative to
our membership. This is an important validation point of our ability to impact medical costs through our
consumer-facing assets.

Now I would note that the absolute performance in the quarter was impacted as shelter-in-place orders
took effect. That said, we continue to work with clients and providers who remain interested as we develop
integrated product offerings, including virtual strategies. Our work also continues in developing our
Next Best Action programs, including utilizing our Pharmacist Panel capabilities. As an example, we are
launching Health Advisor to Caremark clients as a new service offering in 2021.

We are enhancing our experiences from Aetna's Next Best Action program, coupled with our pharmacy
panel capabilities to provide chronic disease management services designed to deliver lower medical costs
and improve health outcomes. And based on test data, we are confident that significant savings will result
for our customers. The pilot results reflect a 12% reduction in unnecessary ER visits along with an 8%
reduction in out-of-network and non-preferred provider utilization. So this can be a real differentiator for
Caremark with its clients.

This quarter, Q3, we are launching our next-generation Diabetes Management program. We're going to
start with 2 large Aetna Group Medicare clients as early adopters with a broader rollout to Caremark and
Aetna self-insured clients in 2021. Now in addition to the remote monitoring capabilities we currently
offer through connected glucometers, this next-generation program features 3 main enhancements:
interventions across more clinical categories, individualized care at the member level and member-
level interventions conducted across our various channels, including our HealthHUBs and CVS Pharmacy
locations, all for a reduced cost.

And finally, Transform Oncology is another new program taking advantage of enterprise assets. Our
oncology spending is projected to exceed $240 billion by 2023, growing at a CAGR of about 10%. So
helping clients address this important area will be a critical market differentiator as we move forward. To
date, the program has engaged about 70 provider systems with approximately 20% of Aetna's insured
eligible oncology population enrolled. And while enrollment slowed during COVID, we are encouraged by
the early adoption, and we will continue to scale as oncologist practices return to normal. Medical cost
savings will vary across patient type, and this is clearly an important area of focus given our commitment
to lower customer cost trends.

Now let me move to providing care at home because we continue to experience high demand for our
home health and delivery services. Our retail prescription home delivery volume is up more than 500%
in Q2 versus Q1 of this year, and we continue to focus on increasing our front store attachment rate. In
addition, our specialty pharmacy capabilities where we have driven continued growth include our Coram
infusion professionals who have now conducted more than 160,000 home visits year-to-date, collaborating
with hospitals and providers to help transition eligible IV therapy patients to home-based care. This frees
up important hospital bed capacity while reducing the cost of care. And as an example, we see medical
cost savings of more than 50% for patients who are receiving infusions at home versus in an outpatient
setting. So by focusing our service delivery on the most cost-effective channel, we are able to make care
more affordable for our payers and their members.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

And moving to delivering care in the hand. As you would expect, we saw continued demand for virtual
care and increased digital engagement, and we continue to expand our virtual care offerings. This includes
providing access to care for our Aetna-insured members through MinuteClinic video visits and through our
own newly launched virtual care program called E-Clinic, which is staffed by MinuteClinic providers. Our
virtual care offerings target a variety of health care needs, including diagnosis in the treatment of common
injuries, behavioral health and the management of chronic conditions. And our total MinuteClinic virtual
care visits are up over 750% compared to Q2 of last year.

So in conclusion, we continue to make significant progress on our strategic priorities, including the delivery
of our integration synergies. And our diversified, resilient and innovation-driven business model, combined
with our strong cash position, has enabled us to accelerate many aspects of our plan to meet consumer
demand. And our integrated model is resonating with clients and consumers, and we are seeing tangible
evidence of value creation. And we expect the momentum we've generated to continue to drive value for
our clients, consumers and shareholders.

So with that, let me turn the call over to Eva.

Eva C. Boratto
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Larry, and good morning, everyone. Echoing Larry, these are certainly unprecedented times for
all. We have been on the frontline supporting our local communities while continuing to advance our key
strategic priorities, including product and service innovation, the delivery of integration synergies and
cost-savings initiatives.

Looking at our second quarter performance, the diversity of our portfolio of assets enabled our enterprise
to exceed our expectations. During the quarter, we generated $7.1 billion of cash from operations,
reflecting the underlying performance as well as the impact of the deferral of certain tax payments in
connection with COVID-19-related extensions of payment deadlines. In July, we repaid $2.75 billion of
scheduled debt principal, and we remain committed to achieving our low 3x target leverage ratio in 2022.
We also returned approximately $660 million to shareholders through cash dividends.

In the third quarter, we completed the sale of our Workers Compensation business for $850 million in
gross proceeds in our Health Care Benefits segment. This divestiture is expected to be about a $0.02
drag on adjusted EPS in the remainder of 2020, which is included in the guidance we have provided this
morning. As I've said previously, we remain laser-focused on delivering long-term value. In support of that
focus, we are continuing to evaluate and assess all aspects of the enterprise to identify areas that may not
be consistent with our long-term strategic priorities.

Moving to the P&L. Consolidated revenues of $65.3 billion increased 3% year-over-year with growth
primarily coming from the Health Care Benefits and Retail/Long-Term Care segments. Adjusted EPS grew
to $2.64 with the majority of our growth attributable to the Health Care Benefits segment, which saw
an unprecedented decline in utilization due to the pandemic. Our Retail/Long-Term Care segment was
affected by substantial investments made in our stores, colleagues and consumers, a reduction in new
therapy prescriptions due to lower provider visits and reduced front store traffic. The Pharmacy Services
segment continues to execute and deliver underlying core growth in the quarter. The total favorable
impact of COVID-19 on our second quarter results is estimated to be $0.70 to $0.80.

Let's turn to operating results by segment. In our Health Care Benefits segment, total revenues increased
6.1% year-over-year, primarily driven by membership growth in our government products. Adjusted
operating income increased substantially, reflecting an unprecedented MBR of 70.3%, primarily driven
by a reduction in benefits costs related to the deferral of elective procedures and other discretionary
utilization. The results include investments made in our customers and members and provisions for
potential payments to clients and plan sponsors for contractual and regulatory requirements as well as
support for our providers. The total quarter impact of COVID-19 on HCB operating income is estimated to
be in the range of $1.8 billion to $2.1 billion.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Our medical membership grew by 124,000 lives sequentially, driven by the continued strength of our
government products, partially offset by a decline in our commercial products. We are extremely pleased
with the continued success of Medicare Advantage, which grew membership 2.6% sequentially. Growing
Medicare Advantage is one of our key strategic priorities. We believe that our integrated assets, which
enabled differentiated client service capabilities, will continue to support our high Star Ratings, giving us
competitive advantages and resulting in our ability to continue to win new members in this space.

Additionally, in Medicare Part D, we are pleased with the preliminary benchmark results received from CMS
for the 2021 plan year where we qualified in 33 of 34 regions. This is an important enabler of our overall
Medicare growth strategy. Our Medicaid membership grew 4.9% sequentially as states responded to the
COVID-19 pandemic by suspending eligibility redeterminations, and we saw some uptick due to increases
in unemployment. We continue to view Medicaid as a focus area with a strong pipeline of opportunities
headed into 2021.

Commercial membership declined approximately 0.5% sequentially, reflecting the impact of
unemployment. As we have mentioned previously, our employer-sponsored portfolio is diversified and
does not have a significant concentration in any one industry or geography.

Days claims payable were 57 days for Q2, reflecting the depressed utilization we saw largely in April and
May as a result of shelter-in-place orders from COVID-19. A significant portion of the quarter-end medical
claims liability includes June dates of service where utilization was near normalized levels. We expect days
claims payable to decline as utilization returns to more normal levels.

Within Pharmacy Services, total revenues were essentially flat year-over-year as growth in specialty
pharmacy and brand inflation were largely offset by the previously disclosed client losses and continued
price compression. Caremark customers continue to recognize CVS Health as a leader in specialty
medication cost and utilization management. As a result, second quarter specialty pharmacy revenues
increased approximately 15% year-over-year, reflecting new client and existing channel growth.

Pharmacy Services adjusted operating income increased 2.4%, and gross margins improved slightly
versus last year. Overall, COVID-19 unfavorably affected operating income by approximately $50 million,
reflecting lower new therapy starts and higher operating costs. PBM performance reflects the growth in
specialty I mentioned previously and continued improvement in purchasing economics. Our scale and
expertise, including benefits from Red Oak and our ability to negotiate with manufacturers, enable us to
deliver optimal value to our clients and CVS Health.

Our Pharmacy Services membership remains in line with expectations as reductions in commercial were
more than offset by increases in Medicaid, given our strong position in the marketplace. Additionally, to
further assist our clients, in the second quarter, CVS Health launched Zinc Health Services, allowing us
to deliver new, innovative ways to further reduce the cost of brands and specialty drugs. This new entity
will be responsible for certain negotiations with manufacturers, but will not make any formulary decisions.
While we have continuously worked with industry pharmaceutical manufacturing leaders to lower cost
and deliver greater savings, this new approach will give us even greater flexibility and agility to continue
in those efforts. This approach will ultimately help make medications more affordable for our clients and
members.

Shifting to the Pharmacy Services 2021 selling season, our renewals are now approximately 90% complete
with a strong 98% retention rate. To date, we have won $4.3 billion in gross new business for 2021, and
we continue to increase our pharmacy penetration within the Aetna book of business with approximately
$250 million in incremental revenue. We are very pleased with these results.

Moving to Retail/Long-Term Care, COVID-19 continue to have a significant impact on this segment's
performance in the quarter. Despite the challenging environment, total revenues grew 1% year-over-
year. Growth was dampened by lower prescription and front store volume due to lower provider visits and
stay-at-home orders in Q2. Front store revenue declined due to reduced store traffic, partially offset by an
increase in basket size. As the quarter progressed, we saw improvements in sales as store traffic began to
return as states relax their stay-at-home orders.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Gross margins for the segment declined 240 basis points versus 2019. Nearly half of the decline was
attributable to purchasing patterns in the front store as well as drug mix, largely as a result of COVID-19.
Also contributing to the decline was the ongoing pharmacy reimbursement pressure. Front store margins
were relatively consistent with prior year.

In the quarter, this segment incurred approximately $240 million in COVID-related investments due to
colleague benefits, providing free home delivery to help keep patients stay on their medications, providing
protective equipment and enhanced cleaning to keep both our colleagues and consumers safe. Overall,
we estimate the impact of COVID to Retail/Long-Term Care results in Q2 of approximately $525 million to
$575 million.

Going below the line, our interest expense was $765 million, and the adjusted effective tax rate was
24.5% for Q2. The lower tax rate contributed about $0.10 to Q2 earnings, reflecting the favorable
resolution of several state and local income tax matters.

Given the highly unusual and fluid environment in which we are continuing to operate, let me quickly
provide an update on some key metrics, including July. Within the Pharmacy Services and Retail/Long-
Term Care segments, we saw prescription volume growth accelerate in June as members refilled 90-day
prescriptions from March. In June, front store growth started to benefit from states reopening, followed
by customers stocking up on key preventative and treatment items in the Sun Belt states during July. In
Health Care Benefits, medical cost utilization largely returned back to normal levels in June and July, but
obviously varies by geography and lines of business.

Moving to guidance. While acknowledging the inherent and unprecedented uncertainty surrounding
COVID-19 and its impact on us, we are raising our full year adjusted EPS guidance to $7.14 to $7.27 to
reflect the favorability in the tax rate we experienced in the quarter. In addition, we are increasing our
full year 2020 cash flow guidance to $11 billion to $11.5 billion, reflecting the timing of the payments of
certain liabilities. Though our cash from operations reached $10.4 billion through the first 6 months of
2020, we expect higher payments in the second half of the year. Those payments include, among others,
projected increase in medical costs, costs related to COVID-19, the 2020 HIF and the estimated income
tax payments normally due in the second quarter that were extended to July. We remain committed to
reducing our debt as initially planned, and we are on track to meet our deleveraging target of low 3x in
2022.

Let me provide additional commentary by segment and on the cadence of our adjusted earnings per share
guidance. We expect approximately $2 billion of COVID-19-related investments for the year, of which
about 40% was incurred in Q2. Approximately $1.5 billion of the $2 billion will impact HCB, benefiting
customers, members, including premium credits, minimum MLR rebates and contractual requirements.
About 35% was reflected in HCB's Q2 results. For Retail/Long-Term Care, we expect approximately $400
million of investments with $240 million reflected in Q2. Clearly, the timing of these investments will affect
the earnings cadence for the back half of the year.

Furthermore, in our Health Care Benefits segment, we expect membership to be affected by
unemployment as well as the loss of a large public and labor ASC customer effective September 1. We
also expect to continue to see increases in Medicaid membership as a result of the current economic
environment. We expect utilization in the back half of the year to remain at more normal levels with select
geographies continuing to be affected by COVID-19 waves. In addition, we expect higher costs related to
COVID-19 testing and treatment.

Turning to the Pharmacy Services segment, we expect the business to continue to deliver growth in the
second half of the year, reflecting strong specialty performance, the continued strength of our assets,
position in the industry and continued execution of our strategy.

And finally, in Retail/Long-Term Care, we expect the back part of the year to be affected by the COVID-19
G&A expenses and to benefit from our testing capabilities. Additionally, we expect gross margins in
the second half of the year in line with our year-to-date results, improving from our second quarter
performance. We remain confident in delivering $800 million to $900 million in integration synergies, and
our cost-savings initiatives remain on track to deliver $450 million to $550 million.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

In summary, our financial resilience through this period reflects the effects of successful integration of our
enterprise. Our ability to deliver results in this dynamic environment is evidence of the strength of our
diversified model. We are continuing to make progress on our strategic plan to deliver new products and
services, all while making health care more affordable and accessible. Our continued execution and strong
cash generation are propelling us toward achieving our long-term sustainable growth.
With that, let's open it up for your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I guess, Larry, the COVID crisis has kind of reshaped the care delivery model pretty dramatically in the
last 3 to 4 months. You've talked about how it's impacted the HealthHUB strategy. I guess, can you talk a
little bit about how you think about through the Aetna business kind of engaging the care delivery model?
And does it change how you think about the white space in what you want to own and what you don't
want to own? And Eva alluded to that a little bit in kind of the portfolio process, but I would just love to
hear how the COVID crisis is changing how you think about the delivery model and what pieces you want
to own.

Larry J. Merlo
President, CEO & Director

Yes. George, thanks for the question. And George, maybe I'll start with I think all of what we're seeing is,
I'll call it, the acceleration of omnichannel for health. And I would describe that as speaking to care being
delivered in multiple and nontraditional settings. And I think we're going to see a new value proposition
emerge that is going to be based on the elements of convenience, cost, quality and trust.

So George, I would say, direct to your question, obviously, there's a technology component of that.
And you heard in our prepared remarks, care in the community, in the home, in the palm of your hand,
obviously, that speaks to what we've seen around the acceleration of virtual care of telemedicine. And I
think it opens up the door for a greater acceptance of remote monitoring through technology, and that
speaks to care from the comfort of your home.

Then there's care in the community. And think about what we talked about this morning around testing,
the broader opportunity that, that creates with diagnostics, vaccines, immunizations, you start thinking
about the role of the pharmacist, the nurse practitioner. And what we have seen over the last several
months, with regulations being relaxed, it has allowed them to perform to a higher level to the top of
their license. So you start thinking about why go backwards when it's more convenient, less costly and
administered by someone that they know and trust. And look, it also speaks to why retail does matter and
the importance of our strategy of pivoting our retail asset and offering more health services at retail.

And then, George, just related to that, it's a little indirect to your question, but I think we see some of the
other changes on the horizon as we've got to have a more integrated approach to behavioral and physical
health. And we're seeing way too many examples of people feeling the stress, the anxiety of everything
going on. And this is an area of health that cannot be ignored, and we have to do better. And finally,
George, we've talked a lot over the last several years about payment reform, value-based care. We see
the challenges that providers are experiencing economically and will the pandemic be the spark that really
accelerates more rapid growth of value-based reimbursement in care.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Michael Cherny with Bank of America.

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I wanted to ask a question on the retail side. Clearly, there's a lot of moving pieces in this specific quarter.
Actually, normal, I think, wouldn't do the term justice. As you think about the incremental investments
that you're making now, how much of the new procedures, new cleaning process, staffing dynamics that
you have in place are the type of investments that might continue on a long-term basis? And how does

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

that factor into the thought process and framework you had about where retail, in particular, should grow
into 2021 and beyond?

Jonathan C. Roberts
Executive VP & COO

Yes, Mike, this is Jon. So we do expect these enhanced cleaning procedures to continue for the foreseeable
future, and I think that's until we get a vaccine and COVID essentially goes away. As Larry said, we're
making a significant pivot to health care services, whether it be the COVID testing we're doing, we're
gearing up for a pretty significant flu vaccine season, and the repositioning of our retail footprint and the
HealthHUBs supports that health care services move. So we view it as evolving to higher-margin health
care services as we move forward.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Thank you for the comment on the testing and the vaccine. I just wanted to dig a little deeper into
them. Can you give us a little bit of color on the revenue model that's associated with the testing, the
turnaround time that you're seeing? And then on the vaccine side, when you talk about first in the flu --
early flu season, are you -- what type of magnitude are you expecting to see in terms of demand for flu
vaccine? And if you can just share more on your role on the COVID-19 vaccine administration and what
conversations you're having with manufacturers. We're getting a lot of questions from investors on the
setting for vaccine administration. So I'd love to get your insights on that.

Larry J. Merlo
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Ricky, it's Larry. And Ricky, I'll start and then ask -- flip it over to Eva to take the economic side of
your question. And yes, Ricky, maybe I'll start with the seasonal flu. And look, we expect to administer
up to 18 million seasonal flu vaccines this fall, which is more than what we have administered in the last
few years. We think that, for obvious reasons, there's going to be an increased demand. You're going to
see a lot of PSAs out there largely sponsored by the government at both the federal and state level. And
Ricky, when you think about it, the symptoms of the seasonal flu mimic the symptoms of COVID. And the
importance of the seasonal flu vaccine is never going to be more important this year than any other prior
year because we've got to try to separate that dynamic in terms of what are we talking about.

If I shift, Ricky, to the vaccine, we are having discussions with the administration in terms of the role that
we can play, and there's absolutely an important role for us to play. And Ricky, some of this goes back --
I'll go back 10 years or 10-plus years with H1N1 that pharmacy became the local solution to administer
vaccines to millions of Americans across the country. That is not lost on the administration.

And Ricky, I think what is unique for us is this is where the intersection of testing and vaccine creates a
sustainable business model because I couldn't be prouder of the work of our CVS colleagues in standing
up the testing business in 1,800 drive-thru locations in a matter of a few weeks. And we've also used
our digital capabilities, as you heard in our prepared remarks, where customers can actually schedule
-- are required to schedule an appointment to get the test. But you don't see 6, 8 hours of cars backed
up trying to get a test in one of our drive-thru sites. And we can bring that same digital and technology
capability to scheduling vaccines when they become available. So I think we're in a great place there to be
an important part of the solution.

And I'll flip it over to Eva on the testing economics.

Eva C. Boratto
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Yes. Ricky, I would say, overall, as you think about testing and our economics, think about it in the margin
range of diagnostics and typical testing.

Larry J. Merlo
President, CEO & Director

And Ricky, I think you had a question in there in terms of what the country has experienced around
testing turnaround times, and I'll just quickly hit on that. As you heard in our prepared remarks, we've
administered about 2 million tests to date. The turnaround times through the months of May and June
were in that 3-day range. And coming out of the July 4 holiday, we did see a spike in testing demand as
well as a spike in the turnaround time.

We took immediate actions. The first thing we did was actually reduce the number of tests we were doing
on a daily basis by 25% in working with the labs as they were working to increase their capacity. We've
also added 2 additional labs to our testing back office, if you will, okay, where they're producing the
results. And as we said today, we have seen a dramatic improvement from where we were coming out
of that July holiday. There's still some additional improvement that needs to be made by one of the labs,
okay?

And at the same time, Ricky, we talked about our Return Ready testing with our B2B clients. We're
utilizing, as you heard in our remarks, the point-of-care testing diagnostics. And we're also working
to pivot some of our retail sites to more point-of-care testing, and we're currently working with the
administration in terms of creating the reimbursement codes that don't exist today for that type of retail
testing. So I think that's going to be important. As a country, we're testing about 17 million people a
month. If you look at the experts, they're saying there's going to be an increased need in the fall time
frame of the 26 million to 28 million tests per month range. And more point-of-care testing is going to be
an important part of that solution.

Operator

Our next question is from Eric Percher with Nephron Research.

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

Eric Percher and Josh Raskin here. Can you quantify some of the impact of the $1.5 billion in investment
for COVID in HCB? And I guess, specifically, I'd be interested in mandatory rebates on items like that
versus voluntary investment.

Eva C. Boratto
Executive VP & CFO

Eric, it's Eva, and I'll take that question. First, let me define what's in that investment at the company
level. Overall, as we look at the investments, $2 billion at the company level, $1.5 billion for the year at
HCB, these are items that are going to affect our earnings, right? So essentially, they include operating
expenses, refunds, rebates and credits to support our customers, members and clients. What I would say,
we're not breaking out each of those individually, but all of those are contributing to the underlying $1.5
billion in HCB.

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

Okay. And then just to follow up on something you mentioned, Zinc Health. Could you tell us what that is?
And are you partnering with others? And are there any tax benefits there?

Alan M. Lotvin
Executive VP & President of CVS Caremark

Well, I'll start. This is Alan Lotvin. I'll start with what Zinc is, and then I'll let Eva talk about the tax
question. So Zinc is an onshore entity that we created to essentially develop and extract more value out

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

of the pharmaceutical manufacturers on behalf of our customers and clients as part of the purchasing
economics that Eva has referenced a couple of times.

Eva C. Boratto
Executive VP & CFO

And Eric, just to perhaps state the obvious, as Alan said, it's onshore. We did not design Zinc as a tax
strategy. It's around the value that we can deliver from a business perspective to our customers and CVS.

Operator

Our next question is from Justin Lake, Wolfe Research.

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

I wanted to follow up -- a lot of moving parts for 2020, obviously. So just wanted to get your view on kind
of what the right kind of jumpoff number is for 2020 earnings and kind of some of the moving parts in
your mind. And then thinking out to 2021, I'm going back to Michael's question on kind of the potential
run rate costs in the retail business, for instance, you talked about a mid-single-digit EPS growth rate. Is
that still kind of -- is that still the company's view just given everything going on? Any kind of color there
would be helpful as well.

Eva C. Boratto
Executive VP & CFO

Justin, thanks for the question. In terms of the right jumpoff, what I would say is the reason we provided
all of the transparency around the COVID-related effects was to help the investment community really
understand outside of COVID how the businesses are performing. I think if you look at how we've
performed at the enterprise level through the first half of the year, normalizing for COVID, right, we've
been performing in line with our expectations. And there's nothing around our underlying fundamentals
that have taken us off our strategy and trajectory.

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

So that would indicate that's one of the -- the strategy trajectory is the same, so the 2021 trajectory
would be similar as well versus previous?

Eva C. Boratto
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, there's -- as I said, underlying, you got to think about how COVID is affecting, but our underlying
core is in line with our expectations when we started the year. And we'll continue to work towards
delivering on what we outlined at our Investor Day.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Bob Jones with Goldman Sachs.

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I guess maybe just to follow up on that last question from Justin. I mean I know it's got to be extremely
difficult to parse out what's exactly COVID-related versus what is not. But it does look like in the retail
business, even excluding the amount that you highlighted, that margins are still down a few hundred
basis points year-over-year. Is there anything else you could parse out as far as what you're seeing from
mix dynamics and maybe other areas, traditional areas like procurement? Anything around cost there?
And then just how you're thinking about those factors as we think about your expectation, Eva, for gross
margins to be in line in the second half with the year-to-date results?

Eva C. Boratto
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks for the question. So in terms of gross margin, let me go back a bit, in the segment, margins
declined about 240 basis points, as I said on my prepared remarks. About half of that, nearly half of that
was what I'll call mix. So as you look at the purchasing patterns with pharmacy growing faster than front
in the quarter, given the disruption by COVID, there's an impact there as well as mix within the underlying
front store basket as sales were lower in the consumer health and beauty categories, which carry a higher
margin. And we also saw some drug mix impacts with new prescriptions depressed and the effects on the
generic dispensing rate.

I think if you look year-to-date at how Retail/Long-Term Care is performing, it's performing well when you
normalize for all of the different factors. Obviously, margins were stronger in the first quarter, and we do
expect them to improve in the back part of the year.

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

That's helpful. And then, Larry, if I could just follow up, I thought it was really interesting, some of
your comments on the care from the comfort of your home, and you talked about the new diabetes
management program. I was wondering if maybe you could expand on that a little bit, just what the
new diabetes program looks like relative to the previous one. And then just any other comments on your
digital solutions that you're developing as you think about the evolving landscape in some of these more
differentiated offerings that you're bringing to the market.

Larry J. Merlo
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Bob. And maybe just one other point, just back on Eva's -- your question on retail. The other thing
to keep in mind is we shut off a lot of our ExtraCare programs as we went through the shelter-in-place
orders. So those have been turned back on, and that's another contributing factor in terms of why we
would see a more normalized margin trajectory in the second half of the year.

And then, Bob, moving on to your question on the diabetes programs. A lot of it, Bob, is tied to managing
the consumer, if you will, in a more holistic fashion. So today, we remotely manage their blood glucose
levels with connected glucometers as one example. But we believe there's a much more broader
opportunity, recognizing it's just not about managing the diabetes condition. It's also managing the
comorbidities that are associated with that, okay, that go beyond diabetes as a chronic disease. And
those are things that we're going to be focused on that we believe, at the end of the day, are some of the
real drivers in terms of bending the cost curve for those individuals and what we've seen with the pilot
programs that we've done.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Steven Valiquette with Barclays.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I guess with the commercial membership down only about 2% year-over-year in the second quarter, I
guess I was curious to hear more about how that stacked up versus your expectations. And then are there
any broad goalpost you can put around your commercial membership assumptions that are built into the
guidance for the back half of 2020?

Karen Sue Lynch
Executive VP & President of the Aetna

Steve, it's Karen. Relative to commercial, we had anticipated more losses in commercial than we saw in
the second quarter. We do think that's related to companies doing more furloughs than eliminating jobs.
However, as we turn the corner for the rest of the year, we anticipate that we'll see continued commercial
losses due to unemployment as the year emerges, although what we're seeing in July is similar to what we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

saw in each month of the second quarter. But you can anticipate lower membership for commercial for the
latter half of the year.

Eva C. Boratto
Executive VP & CFO

And Steve, obviously, in terms of what actions the government could take, that number could vary, right?
There's uncertainty there.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Just a quick follow-up just around Medicaid reimbursement adjustments. There's some that can
happen for 2020 and then some for next year. As far as the ones for 2020, any clawbacks, et cetera? Just
curious if that's something that is material within any of the guidance assumptions for you guys. Or is
that just kind of rounding error within the overall company as far as the guidance assumption for 2020 in
particular?

Karen Sue Lynch
Executive VP & President of the Aetna

Yes. Relative to 2020, it's rounding, and we have factored it into our -- the numbers that Eva gave you
relative to that $1.5 billion. What I would tell you on Medicaid is every single state that we have has
already built in mechanisms to return any additional profit. So that's all been factored in, but not material.

Alan M. Lotvin
Executive VP & President of CVS Caremark

Steven, it's Alan. The one thing I would add is we have seen a reasonably significant uptick in membership
within our Medicaid lives and the PBM. So you are seeing that -- the shift and the demonstrated power of
having a broadly diversified book.

Larry J. Merlo
President, CEO & Director

So we'll go ahead. And operator, we'll take 2 more questions. And we know that many of you have another
call at 9, and we want to be respectful to that.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Stephen Tanal with SVB Leerink.

Stephen Vartan Tanal
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

It sounds like you may have had some pretty solid wins in the national account part on the Aetna
business. So I was hoping to just follow up there. And I'm wondering how HealthHUBs may have
contributed, if at all, and whether there's any self-insured clients that have made them a central part of
their network design at this stage.

Karen Sue Lynch
Executive VP & President of the Aetna

We -- relative to national accounts, just let me give you kind of broad perspective, our national account
customers are interested in our integrated value and our integrated story. What I would tell you, if you
look at our 2021, we have sold 4x more pharmacy members this time compared to last year for 2021. And
we've improved our pharmacy penetration from 34% to 39%. But as I -- and we also are doing a lot to be
in the market relative to the HealthHUBs.

But relative to national accounts, it's been a lumpy season for us. We did see a fair amount of our
customers in RFPs pull back and defer some of their decisions until 2022. We've had very solid retention.
We've had some good sales. But generally speaking, if you look to 2021, I'd say that national account
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

membership will be flat to down, really reflecting in group attrition from unemployment. However, on the
Group Medicare side, we've had very strong retention in the high 90s, very solid sales, and you can expect
growth in 1/1/21 from Group Medicare.

Larry J. Merlo
President, CEO & Director

And Steve, maybe I'll ask Alan to comment similar question to the PBM in terms of selling season.

Alan M. Lotvin
Executive VP & President of CVS Caremark

Yes. So on the selling season, in general, we're about 90%. Through the sales season, we have a 98%
retention rate. As Eva said, we have $4.3 billion in gross new wins. We haven't -- I'd say the season itself
has been interesting in the lumpiness with COVID, but overall ending up about where we thought. The
health -- specifically around HealthHUBs, we've seen a tremendous amount of interest in the HealthHUBs,
not just from national accounts, but also from our health plan customers who want to understand how to
better connect with their members in the community. So very happy with where the sales season is right
now. So -- and again, as I said, a strong interest in the HealthHUBs.

Operator

And the next question comes from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein.

Lance Arthur Wilkes
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Just a question on your comment on looking at noncore assets and potential strategies related to them.
I just want to understand the performance in the long-term care business, the status of the turnaround
there and if there are any other assets that are particularly in focus as noncore.

Eva C. Boratto
Executive VP & CFO

Lance, it's Eva. So in -- let me take your second question first, right? I don't have any specific comments
in terms of where we're -- the things we continue to evaluate. But what you've seen us do is we divested
our Brazilian operation that CVS owned, now Workers Comp. And what I can tell you is we continue to just
thoroughly evaluate what's in our portfolio, how the dynamics in the marketplace are changing to make
sure we're optimizing the business.

In terms of long-term care performance, obviously, it's been a segment that has been substantially
affected by COVID, right? As you look at the industry challenges, we've seen, as an industry, admissions
down about 20% and facilities -- some facilities continuing to not accept new patients, but not be shut
down per se. As you look at what long-term care contributes to our overall bottom line enterprise, right,
it's less than 2% of our overall enterprise profitability.

As you look at what we're doing, we have made substantial improvements related to our service model
over the last 12 months. And in Q1 of this year, we had the highest customer satisfaction score since
we've been tracking this back to 2015. We're also -- COVID and testing this vulnerable patient, right,
we're continuing to drive opportunities there, as Larry highlighted. And I would say we are aggressively
managing our cost structure in this environment. And we have new leadership leading the long-term care
business, and we're really focused on driving improved performance here.

Larry J. Merlo
President, CEO & Director

Okay. So with that, let me just go ahead and wrap up before we sign off here. And a big thank you and my
sincere gratitude to our 300,000 colleagues for all of their hard work across all parts of our organization,
especially those that are working the front lines. And they have just displayed incredible commitment and
effort during these unprecedented times. And all of that represents our best in terms of our commitment

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

in helping people on their path to better health. And we're proud to be able to serve our communities at
such a crucial time in our nation's history.

So with that, thanks again for joining us this morning, and please stay safe and healthy.

Operator
And this will conclude today's CVS Health Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call and Webcast. You may now
disconnect, and have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CVS HEALTH CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

