Danaher Corporation NYSE:DHR
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 22, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.36

1.72

Revenue  (mm)

5508.80

5883.20

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-15-2020 12:01 AM GMT

26.47

6.80

1.63

5.51

6.48

6175.20

21285.94

24178.90

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.25

1.02

1.09

1.36

1.28

1.05

1.44

1.72

2.40 %

2.94 %

32.11 %

26.47 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
DANAHER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Matthew E. Gugino
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Matthew R. McGrew
CFO & Executive VP

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Derik De Bruin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Doug Schenkel
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DANAHER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Thank you for standing by. My name is Christel, and I will be your conference operator today. At this
time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Results
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I will now turn the call over to Mr. Matt Gugino, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Gugino, you may
begin your conference.

Matthew E. Gugino
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Christel. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on the call. With us today are Rainer
Blair, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Matt McGrew, our Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer.

I'd like to point out that our earnings release, the slide presentation supplementing today's call, our third
quarter 2020 Form 10-Q and the reconciliations and other information required by SEC Regulation G
relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available on the Investors
section of our website, www.danaher.com, under the heading Quarterly Earnings. The audio portion of
this call will be archived on the Investors section of our website later today under the heading Events
& Presentations and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be
available until November 5, 2020.

During the presentation, we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-
over-year performance. The supplemental materials describe additional factors that impacted year-over-
year performance. Unless otherwise noted, all references in these remarks and supplemental materials
to company-specific financial metrics refer to results from continuing operations and relate to the third
quarter of 2020 and all references to period-to-period increases or decreases in financial metrics are year-
over-year. We may also describe certain products and devices which have applications submitted and
pending for certain regulatory approvals or available only in certain markets.

During the call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities
laws, including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may
occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties,
including those set forth in our SEC filings, and actual results may differ materially from any forward-
looking statements that we make today. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date that
they are made, and we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statement except as
required by law.

As a result of the size of the Cytiva acquisition and its impact on Danaher's overall core revenue growth
profile, we are presenting core revenue on a basis that includes Cytiva sales. References to core revenue
growth including Cytiva sales in the calculation of period-to-period sales growth compare the current
period Cytiva sales to the historical Cytiva sales prior to the acquisition.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Rainer.

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

Well, thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. We delivered an outstanding third quarter with results
in the mid-teens core revenue, over 60% adjusted EPS growth and more than doubled our year-over-
year free cash flow. This strong performance is a testament to our team's dedication as they stay focused
on executing for our customers during the COVID-19 pandemic. Since the onset of the pandemic, we
have met the challenges presented and turned them into impactful opportunities to support patients, our
customers and the global community.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DANAHER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

So before we run through our third quarter results, I'd like to update you on how we are directly
contributing to the global fight against COVID-19. Cepheid continues to be a leader in the global diagnostic
testing effort, and the team's commitment to tackle this global health crisis was further demonstrated
by the recent launch of a rapid 4-in-1 combination test for COVID-19, Flu A, Flu B and RSV from a single
patient sample. The symptoms for each of these viruses are very similar but the treatments differ greatly,
and this test will provide clinicians with critical answers in approximately 35 minutes to help ensure the
best patient outcome. Now as we head into flu season, we believe Cepheid's easy-to-use rapid 4-in-1 test
will be a critical tool in clinicians' testing arsenal, and we are incredibly proud of the Cepheid team's fast
and innovative response to the pandemic.

We further enhanced our diagnostic testing capabilities with Beckman Coulter Diagnostics' new IgM
serology and IL-6 assays. The IL-6 assay can help identify severe inflammatory response in COVID-19
patients, a crucial consideration as clinicians evaluate the risk of intubation with mechanical ventilation.
The IgM serology assay can detect IgM antibodies to the virus, which typically begin to develop shortly
after symptoms appear and is complementary to Beckman's IgG test, providing greater insight over the
course of a patient's infection and immune progression. While the use of COVID-19 antibody testing is
relatively limited today, in the future, it may play a critical role pre and post vaccination for population
surveillance and clinical trial studies.

We are also proud to support the scientific community's pursuit of new vaccines and therapeutics for
the virus. Pall and Cytiva's products and solutions are involved in the majority of the more than 400
vaccine and therapeutic projects currently underway globally, including every Operation Warp Speed
COVID-19 vaccine in the U.S. As the market leader across the bioprocessing workflow, the breadth of our
offering and technical expertise are key differentiators that enable us to contribute meaningfully to the
development and production of COVID-19 vaccine and treatment.

So now let's take a look at our third quarter results. We generated $5.9 billion of sales with 14% core
revenue growth. COVID-related revenue tailwinds contributed approximately 1,000 basis points to
third quarter core revenue growth while our underlying base business was approximately -- was up
approximately 4%, a sequential improvement from an approximate 3% decline in the second quarter.
Geographically, revenue in the developed markets was up mid-teens, led by North America and Western
Europe. High-growth markets were up approximately 10%, driven by sequential improvement in China
and India.

Our gross profit margin was 54.8%, and our operating profit margin of 18.5% was up 80 basis points.
Our core operating profit margin was up 310 basis points with each of the 3 segments achieving 75 basis
points or more of core margin expansion. Adjusted diluted net earnings per common share of $1.72 were
up 62% versus last year.

We generated $1.5 billion of free cash flow in the quarter and $3.5 billion year-to-date, up 110% and
59%, respectively, with 174% free cash flow to net income conversion in the quarter. This outstanding
cash flow generation, combined with our strong balance sheet, positions us well to actively pursue
strategic M&A opportunities. We also continued to accelerate organic growth investments across Danaher
with a particular focus on expanding production capacity at Cepheid, Cytiva and Pall Biotech to support
increasing demand driven by COVID-19.

So now let's take a more detailed look at our results across the portfolio. Life Sciences core revenue
was up 18.5%, led by core growth rates of 20% or more at Pall Biotech and Beckman Life Sciences and
more than 35% at Cytiva and IDT. We continued to see strong demand from customers building out their
genomics and automation capabilities and from our biopharma customers working on COVID-19 vaccines
and therapeutics.

In our more instrument-oriented life science businesses, declines moderated as academic and research
labs continued to reopen, driving increased installations and better order trends. SCIEX benefited from
this improving environment, achieving low single-digit core revenue growth, driven in part by demand for
new products such as the Echo MS and the Triple Quad 7500, the most sensitive mass spectrometer on
the market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DANAHER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Moving over to Diagnostics. Reported revenue was up 18% and core revenue was up 17.5%, led by
more than 100% core growth of Cepheid as a result of COVID-19 testing volumes and record GeneXpert
system placements. Radiometer and Leica Biosystems, our acute care and pathology businesses, delivered
mid-single-digit core revenue growth. Declines at Beckman Coulter Diagnostics moderated as elective
procedures and wellness checks continued to resume throughout the quarter.

Moving to our Environmental & Applied Solutions segment. Reported revenue and core revenues were
down 1%, with similar results at both our water quality and Product Identification platforms. Across our
water quality businesses, municipal activity and projects continued to resume, driving growth in North
America and China, and this was offset by softness in the industrial end markets globally. Demand for
our consumables and chemistries remain steady, supporting customers' mission-critical day-to-day water
operation. And equipment declines moderated, and we were encouraged by equipment order trends in the
quarter as more customer facilities got back up and running.

Now during the quarter, Hach closed the acquisition of Aquatic Informatics, a leader in water-focused
software solutions. Aquatic Informatics solutions collect, manage and analyze large volumes of water
data. And these capabilities, combined with Hach's deep applications expertise, will help us bring greater
operational efficiencies to customers' workflows.

At our Product Identification platform, low single-digit core revenue growth at Videojet was driven by
strong demand in North America, particularly across the consumer packaged goods, food and beverage
and pharmaceutical end markets. Consumables and services performed well globally as Videojet continued
to help customers keep their essential businesses operating through the pandemic.

Now with that as context for what we saw by segment during the quarter, let's take a look at recent trends
across our end markets. Geographically, customer activity continues to increase in the U.S. and Europe
as phased reopenings proceed across these regions. We're keeping an eye on areas that have recently
experienced setbacks in the process of reopening, but we have not seen any material impact so far. And
China is progressing well with activity in most regions approaching pre-pandemic levels.

Within Life Sciences, bioprocessing demand continues to lead the way. COVID-19 vaccine and therapeutic
activity increased meaningfully during the quarter with development and production scale-up occurring
at an accelerated pace. Cytiva and Pall Biotech comprise most of our bioprocessing exposure, and
collectively, these businesses increased orders by more than 60% in the quarter, driven by our
comprehensive offering across the bioprocessing workflow. Non-COVID-related bioprocessing activity
remains healthy and in line with what we saw over the last several quarters.

Now as I mentioned earlier, academic and research labs around the world are continuing to reopen at
reduced capacity as social distancing measures limit the number of people allowed in the lab at any one
time. And we estimate that approximately 60% to 70% of academic research labs are now open in some
capacity, and in China, that number is closer to pre-pandemic levels.

Moving to clinical diagnostics. We continue to see strong demand for molecular testing in both hospital lab
and point-of-care setting. Since launching the first rapid molecular test for COVID-19 in March, Cepheid
has meaningfully increased production capacity and shipped more than 7 million test cartridges in the
third quarter. The team continues to ramp test production, and we now expect to ship more than 8 million
tests in the fourth quarter. Cepheid also delivered another record number of new systems in the third
quarter, expanding their market-leading global installed base by approximately 35% over the past year.

Across hospital and reference labs, patient volumes increased through the quarter as elective procedures
and wellness checks resumed across much of the developed markets. We estimate that global patient
volumes are currently 90% to 95% of pre-pandemic levels with China slightly ahead of North America and
Europe, given its earlier reopening.

In the applied markets, consumables remained solid as customers sustain essential business operations
like testing and treating water and safely packaging food, medicine and consumer products. Previously
delayed equipment installations are starting to resume, and we're seeing our equipment order books
improving as customers start to initiate new projects and capital investments.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DANAHER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

So as we look ahead, we expect to deliver low double-digit core revenue growth in the fourth quarter.
Modest sequential improvement across our businesses will be offset by the impact of 3 fewer selling days
versus last year, which represents a core growth headwind of more than 300 basis points. We anticipate
COVID-19-related revenue tailwinds will be similar to what we saw in the third quarter.

So to wrap up, we're really pleased with our results this quarter, and we're proud to play a pivotal
role in tackling COVID-19 head on. Our team has turned unprecedented challenges into tremendous
opportunities, and our strong performance is a testament to our associates' focused execution and
commitment to our customers. With the Danaher Business System as our driving force and the powerful
combination of our talented team, exceptional portfolio of businesses and strong balance sheet, we believe
Danaher will continue to outperform through the remainder of 2020 and well into the future.

Now before I go on to the Q&A, I just want to take a moment to share a few thoughts after my initial
months as CEO. First, I always knew we had an exceptional portfolio, an extraordinary team, and that
conviction has only been reinforced over the last few months as I've had the opportunity to spend more
time with more of our businesses and leaders. And in doing so, a couple of things really stand out.

One is the considerable amount of innovation happening across the organization. Our investments in R&D
and commercial initiatives are allowing us to continue building sustainable competitive advantages all
across our businesses. The other standout for me is the caliber and the depth of talent we have across
Danaher. Our associates are innovative and passionate about their work and committed to the Danaher
Business System and our culture of continuous improvement.

It's clear that DBS is what drives it. It's who we are. It's how we do what we do. It's our ultimate
competitive advantage. And I see it alive and well everywhere.

So our future is bright, and I'm excited about what lies ahead for Danaher. I believe that the combination
of our investments in innovation, outstanding team and strong balance sheet, all powered by the Danaher
Business System, will enable us to keep building an even better, stronger company as we move forward.

So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Matt.

Matthew E. Gugino
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Rainer. That concludes our formal comments. Christel, we're now ready for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DANAHER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congrats on the quarter. Rainer, 50% order growth in Pall and Cytiva is certainly impressive and a notable
acceleration from last quarter. So could you maybe just touch on the manufacturing scale-up you alluded
to?

And how quickly can additional capacity come online? And where are you making those investments?

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So first of all, Tycho, thanks for the question. As I think about the larger opportunity here,
particularly in the vaccines and therapeutics, it might be helpful just to back up one second and think
about the scale and the breadth of our unique portfolio. We're incredibly well positioned through the
combination, of course, of Pall and Cytiva, but also upstream with many of our companies being involved
in the development of the actual drugs themselves and then, of course, the process scale-up, the
upstream solutions, including cell culture media, single-use bioreactors and then all of the downstream
fluid management, filtration and chromatography solutions.

And so I think what you saw there in that step-up here quarter-over-quarter was the breadth of that
portfolio and the capability of those teams really moving forward and gaining traction. We are on top of
well over 400 vaccines and therapeutics that are in the pipeline, and we're playing in the great majority of
those in one capacity or another. And so the nature of our portfolio, the focus of our teams, the trust that
the customers have in us is giving us an extraordinary number of at-bat.

And so as you think about that portfolio positioning here going forward, we think that as the capacity
needs of our customers continue to ramp, certainly, as we think about '21 and beyond, we expect to play
very, very well there. And just to give you a sense of that, we, year-to-date, have $1 billion -- well over $1
billion of COVID orders in the combination of Cytiva and Pall Biotech, and that's before any vaccines have
been officially approved by the FDA. So again, we really see an opportunity here for the long term to really
capture an extraordinary amount of opportunity and share going forward.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. And then maybe, I guess, a similar question on Cepheid. I know you've been committed to scaling
up the manufacturing there, and you talked about 8 million tests in the fourth quarter. But can you talk
about where you think that needs to go from a capacity standpoint?

And any headwinds we need to think about from a lighter flu season here for you guys in the fourth
quarter and early next year? The flu trends early on are still kind of light.

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

So just to level set on that one, Tycho, we have had extraordinary demand for our COVID tests here from
Cepheid. In fact, you noted in my comments that, in Q2, we had 6 million tests shipped; in Q3, 7 million
tests shipped. And now in Q4, we're looking at 8 million tests shipped.

And we also, at the same time, at the end of September, launched this 4-in-1 test, which really positions
us uniquely and extraordinarily in order to be able to address the opportunity and the need in particular
here as the flu season arises. You can imagine, as patients present particularly in hospitals and points of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DANAHER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

care, that physicians will want to know the right answer quickly, and the right answer needs to distinguish
between COVID and the flu season. So we're really thinking of this as the flu season and COVID testing
both being tailwinds as we go into Q4 and beyond.

Matthew R. McGrew
CFO & Executive VP

And maybe, Tycho, just to put some -- maybe just to put some numbers around that for you. So if you
think about sort of the capacity that we talked about at Cepheid sort of to begin this, in Q2, we sort of had
6 million tests that we had. That increased to about 7 million here in Q3, and we expect that to go in Q4
to, call it, maybe closer to 8 million.

And as we sort of ramp through '21, we are going to be adding additional capacity as well. Now I'm not
sure exactly when we expect all of that to come online. But as that happens, we will sort of kind of keep
people updated. But yes, for sure, we're going to add a little bit here in Q4 and then throughout '21 as
well.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.

Derik De Bruin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So just a follow-up on Tycho's question just because I'm getting some pings from investors. How are you
thinking about pricing on the 4:1 -- 4-in-1 test?

And I mean when we've done some calls with labs, I think there's some concern about how they're going
to get reimbursed for some of these multiplex tests. Can you sort of talk through pricing and sort of like
what is the strategy for your customers to get paid for these?

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

Sure, sure. So let's start off with just to level set that. We, in fact, have launched this 4-in-1 test here in
September and are already shipping, and we're seeing great customer demand for this. So customers are
really recognizing what an incredible tool this is at the point of care and in hospitals to be able to diagnose
and help customers.

Now this test here -- and of course, this always depends on the type of customer, but the 4-in-1 test will
be priced right around $55 to $60 per test. And that compares to the COVID-only of about $20 to $40.
Once again, depends on the type of customer and volumes and so forth, but that gives you a sense of it.

Now from a reimbursement perspective, we feel very good about this for a number of reasons. As you
know, the 4-in-1 test is a multiplex test, and that is going to be so useful for a clinician to determine
what type of treatment will be suitable for that particular patient. And so as you think about that, today,
already, there are multiplex tests used for respiratory type ailments, and they're used all the time. And
so we see that our customers are very familiar with the reimbursement dynamics here and don't see any
issues as it relates to the Cepheid 4-in-1 multiplex test.

Matthew R. McGrew
CFO & Executive VP

And Derik, maybe just to give you a little bit of context, sorry, as well on some numbers on that. On that
4-in-1, obviously, it's got a higher price point like we talked about, but just to make sure that we're kind of
level set on how we think about when that will come online. So I think in Q4 -- thinking about maybe 60%
of our test volume in Q4 is going to be COVID-only and then the other 40% will be the 4-in-1.

And I think the way to kind of think about that is that when you think about -- we're still going to be
producing COVID-only and the kind of staggered adoption because, one, you've got high-growth markets
that really don't experience seasonal flu so the demand for that is just not going to be as high, if any. And

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DANAHER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Europe is going to be more of a staggered adoption. It's going to be country by country. It's not going to
be kind of uniform like it might be in the U.S. So just maybe to think about from a modeling perspective,
that split would be the way I'd think about that.

Derik De Bruin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. And the -- I guess on that one -- well, actually, let me follow up on something else. And so I guess,
can -- let's -- can you talk a little bit about the pacing in SCIEX and academic labs, I mean? And basically,
the -- talk about -- are you seeing any signs of any increased activity in terms of like a fourth quarter
budget flush? Just sort of like the end market dynamics and sort of what's going on.

I mean you talked about labs being open, but what's really the spend potential there? And just sort of like
what does the sort of the customer spending environment look like?

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So Derik, we have seen lab activity around the world pick up. As we mentioned, we see China nearly
at or at pre-pandemic levels. And I would say, in North America and Western Europe, we see those lab
capacities at about 70% to 80%, which is a sequential improvement, and we saw that. And so our teams
are able to now get in to see the customers to install the systems, provide the services and so forth. But
we still see some capacity limitations, as I mentioned earlier, related to social distancing measures and so
forth.

Now having said that, in Q3, our tools business grew 10%. We're very happy about that. And that was
driven certainly by IDT and Beckman Life Sciences but also by new product launches which were incredibly
important for us and our customers, for instance, the Echo MS, which is the high-throughput screening
tool used in front of mass spectrometers, which has been seeing an extraordinary uptake; the launch of
the Triple Quad 7500. I mentioned that that's the most sensitive Triple Quad on the market, seeing great
uptake for that. And that's driving -- that actually drove a positive low single-digit growth already for
SCIEX in Q3.

And then at Leica Microsystems, we had recently launched the STELLARIS confocal microscope, which
is the most versatile and powerful confocal microscope in the market. So this combination of certainly
sequential improvement in the marketplace with more labs being accessible, us being able to get in and
install and provide services has been helpful. But I think we've also been buffeted by this aggressive new
product introduction that we've invested in here too for the future.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Melius Research.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Rainer, welcome.

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

Thank you.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Rainer, anything the Board wants you to do kind of differently than your predecessor, anything to focus on
differently?

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DANAHER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

That's a great question. And right now, I'd also like to take this opportunity to start out and -- with
thanking Tom and the Board and all the associates for the fantastic transition that they have provided me
here over the last months and getting me off to what is a great start here for Danaher in Q3.

So I have worked for Tom a decade and with that, of course, also with our Board. And what you can
expect there is a great deal of consistency and continuity, for sure. And my plan, of course, is to build
on the fantastic foundation that Tom and the Board have laid and making us a stronger science and
technology company.

And you'll see that I'm very passionate about the topic of innovation, you heard me comment on
that today already as well as talent. And so you'll see us continue investing here quite significantly in
innovation and in our talent and our scientific capabilities, whether those be internal or external, as we
continue to chart our course here forward as a leading science and technology company. Having said
that, with all these similarities, you can also expect to see no change as it relates to our capital allocation
bias, which we'll continue to focus on M&A and particularly making us a stronger innovation and growth
company as we continue to move forward.

And when I started this role just after we had closed the Cytiva deal, I thought that perhaps I would be
sitting here with the ability to make some smaller deals but certainly, initially, with a balance sheet that
needs some rebuilding. And we find ourselves here in a great situation in that, one, our free cash flow is
stronger. Cytiva's performance is even better than expected, and we couldn't be more pleased with how
the team is transitioning and being a part of Danaher. And then you add the equity raise to that, and that's
really put us into a situation where we just have more degrees of freedom. And so that, from an M&A
perspective, also put us in a position of being able to do, certainly, small and medium-sized strategic deals
and then, as we go forward, get back into a stronger position pretty quickly.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

That's helpful, Rainer. Is Aquatic the type of deal that we should expect going forward? I'm not sure you
guys sized that. Maybe you could help us understand if that's material or not.

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

So -- go ahead.

Matthew R. McGrew
CFO & Executive VP

Yes, Scott, I can give you a little color on at least the size of it. I mean it's -- this is a -- it's a deal that's in
water for the informatics, and Rainer can talk a little bit about it.

But it's a pretty small deal. I mean it's a sub-$20 million in revenue and probably, call it, $80 million to
$100 million type deal in kind of deal price. So it's not huge.

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

But it is exemplary of the deals that we continue to like. It's nothing, new. You've seen us do technology
deals here that strengthen and round out our portfolio. And we like Aquatic Informatics' positioning and
capabilities. So certainly, you'll see more of those types of deals, and we consider that a smaller one.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Perfect. Well, good luck to you, Rainer. We wish you well.

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DANAHER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Thanks, Scott.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen.

Doug Schenkel
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I want to go back to Tycho's first question on capacity build-out. How do you balance the desire to fulfill
acute Rx and vaccine development demand related to the pandemic with the outlook for post-pandemic
demand? I mean I guess to be more to the point, do you believe the capacity you're building today will
continue to be used even post pandemic? And thus, should we view the elevated revenue levels associated
with your build-out as being durable even after the surge in pandemic-related demand subsides?

And I guess while on this topic, along those same lines, you're placing a lot of GeneXperts today. They're
going to be used for the foreseeable future as much as people can get those, at least in our opinion, just
given what's going on. But post pandemic, how do you think about the durability of these placements and
the associated revenue potential?

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Doug. What I'd like to do is take your question and even broaden it a bit to let you -- to hear
how we think about the long term here. And the way we frame that is, what does the world look like post
vaccine versus what the world for Danaher looks like pre COVID, call it?

And let me start with our base business. Through the portfolio moves that we have made and the
investments, had already been transitioning to a higher growth and earning profile with a higher degree of
recurring revenues. And so we feel very good about the growth profile that we had pre COVID, where we
were already a 5% to 6% grower; and to your point, included in that, with Cepheid growing at low double
digits at the time, representing about 5% of our portfolio. And at that point, we didn't even own Cytiva
yet, although we were thinking, as we were diligence-ing and going to close, that this would be about a
6% to 7% grower.

So as we think now about a post-vaccine world, we actually really believe that our core growth is going to
improve. And why is that? Well, first of all, our base business will continue to improve as activity picks up
and markets recover and our innovation investments, some of which I talked about earlier, start paying off
even more.

But then also, to your point, Cepheid might be back to low double digit, but it will represent 10% of our
portfolio in 2020 with what we think are some of the most durable testing revenues in the marketplace
because we are at the point of care because our workflow is so easy, because of the menu breadth we
have with both multiplex or COVID. We really see this point-of-care positioning as unique. And then you
add on top of that, and you mentioned this, our increase in the installed base, 35% increase over prior
year just in 2020. We really see this as a long-term improvement.

Then you add to that Cytiva, which we're seeing now with the leading positions in cell culture media,
single-use technologies, including bioreactors, filtration, process chromatography and many more things,
that we're getting so many at-bats with these over 400 vaccines and therapeutics in the pipeline that we
see an extraordinary potential there for the traction and the capacity increases that are needed for the
future, independent of the type of vaccines that will ultimately receive approval. And so we think that, that
6% to 7% growth assumption that we had here prior to the pandemic was likely conservative and that for
the long term, we really can think high single-digit there as well.

And then lastly, you see our capital allocation strategy, which is biased towards M&A. You add that on top
of here, and we really do believe that our growth profile as a result of the pandemic and the durability of
our positioning in the aftermath of all of that is going to result in a higher growth profile.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DANAHER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Now there's lots of things here to consider in terms of macro risks. Think of government spending, taxes.
There are a number of variables here. So it's a little bit early here to be conclusive. But what we see here
is a fundamentally stronger and more durable growth profile going forward.

Doug Schenkel
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Super helpful. And then just one more quick follow-up on, I think it was, one of Derik's questions. Just
keeping in mind how strong your business has been this year, it seems pretty clear that you're going to be
in a position to get your debt-to-EBITDA ratio down in the neighborhood of 3x by the end of this year. You
referenced M&A in answering my last question.

How ready is the organization for M&A given everything that's going on? But -- the balance sheet's clean,
but there's just a ton of demand on your infrastructure. So I'm just wondering how you would characterize
your M&A readiness right now.

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

It's a great question. First of all, speaking to the balance sheet. I think you're in the right neighborhood
there, that those are numbers that we could confirm based on the free cash flow and the EBITDA that we
see in our current debt profile, that our balance sheet is in a very good position.

I would also say we couldn't be more pleased with the progress that we're making in the transition
of the GE Biopharma business, now Cytiva, into Danaher, and they are firing on all cylinders. And we
continue to extricate ourselves there from the transition services that GE provides us and standing up this
organization and see just extraordinary not only efforts but real results there.

So we always at Danaher maintain leadership and management capacity to ensure that the opportunities
that we generate and that the market provides us, we can take advantage of. And so whilst we are
transitioning Cytiva into Danaher and nearly complete with that, that doesn't keep us from being
ambidextrous here and keeping our eye and being able to take advantages -- take advantage of the
opportunity that the market provides.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Congrats on a really strong quarter here. Rainer, maybe a question on Cytiva. No surprise, but if I look at
how the Q played out, so Cytiva was 500 basis points of contribution in 3Q. And I'm looking at your order
trends, which is accelerating.

Maybe talk about the Q4 guidance here which implies a modest step down here for Cytiva. Is that a timing
element? Or perhaps flesh out why contribution perhaps steps down in the context of accelerating orders.

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Vijay, and good to hear you. So Q4 Cytiva, perhaps it's helpful to back up and come back to what
Matt was talking about earlier. It's really important to see that we continue to expect a similar growth
tailwind from COVID in Q4 as we did in Q3, and we expect our base business to perform similarly or
incrementally better. But it is important to keep in mind that we have 3 working days less, and particularly
for these consumer-oriented businesses, that's pretty impactful in the calculation.

Now having said that, as you think about the bioprocesses industry today, already, these companies
are producing vaccines. So if you think about Operation Warp Speed and where BARDA is involved,
not only are the pharmaceutical companies producing clinical trials quantities, they're already ramping
up capacities for those vaccines that they see -- vaccines and therapeutics that they see very near to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

DANAHER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

approval and are hopeful for. And of course, this is financed oftentimes through the federal government,
and so there's a great deal of aggressiveness there.

And so that's already happening here at the back end of Q3, and you'll see that also in Q4. And then as
approvals start coming in, and we're hopeful that, that happens at the end of the fourth quarter or in the
first quarter, then I would expect to see an additional ramp there as well.

Matthew R. McGrew
CFO & Executive VP

And Vijay, maybe just as kind of some context around -- I mean we've talked about sort of year-to-date,
we've got north of $1 billion of COVID orders between Cytiva and Pall Biotech. The way to think about
that is that those are orders that we've already gotten that are booked. Probably 50% of those orders are
going to ship here in 2020, but the rest are going to move to 2021. Just to give you some idea of sort of
how that order book has played out and is going to move its way through the P&L, like Rainer was just
talking about.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That's helpful, Matt. And Rainer, one more follow-up on -- you spoke about the order book. As vaccine
manufacturing ramps up, do you need to make incremental investments?

And I'm just thinking about incremental margins here. It's been really strong the last 2 quarters, mid-40s,
well above historical trends. How should we be thinking about spend levels and incremental margins?
Because I'm assuming travel steps up as the economy reopens.

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

Yes, yes. So Vijay, I'll start here, and then I'll pass it on to Matt. So first of all, we absolutely are and
continue to invest in capacity expansions. In fact, we were in the capacity expansion program at Cytiva as
we brought the company into the Danaher fold and are, of course, accelerating that.

And you can expect additional investments here in Q4 that are capacity related certainly, but also related
to standing up the organization. And then as we continue to go into 2021, you'll see continued investment.
And of course, that has -- and that plays out in our margin assumptions as well.

And I think, Matt, you were just about to jump in on that.

Matthew R. McGrew
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. I think for Q4, I think you're right, Vijay. We have seen sort of Q2, Q3, we've had really good fall-
through on the growth. I think as we sort of look at Q4 though, I think probably a 30% to 35% fall-
through is a better number to use. Like you said, we kind of -- as we look at where that's come from in Q2
and Q3, I mean, we've had some really, really good mix on where the growth's come from, Pall Biotech,
think about Cytiva and Cepheid. And now that some of the other businesses are contributing more, I think
we're going to have a bit of a mix impact.

And then as you mentioned, the lower OpEx, less travel and trade shows is certainly a part of it. Things
are sort of getting going again, as you saw with the growth rates. And then Rainer talked about the
accelerated growth spend. We're going to do that in Q4. We've got some projects already that we've got
underway. I think that will have an impact on it.

And probably lastly, frankly, we're -- given where we have seen some of the growth, and we've got some
pretty outstanding growth in, for example, Cytiva, for example, Cepheid, there is going to be some sort of
year-end accruals, if you will, around bonuses and things like that, that will be a bit of a headwind year-
over-year for us. So I think it probably moderates a little bit here as we get into Q4 from where we've

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

DANAHER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

been. But still feel -- even with that, I still think we're going to be able to put up some pretty good EPS
growth there.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Dan Brennan with UBS.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So I know you just kind of outlined the $500 million plus or so for the vaccine opportunity with
therapeutics through your biologics business. I'm just wondering if you can kind of raise the scope up a
little bit higher and just help us think through ultimately like the addressable opportunity for Cytiva and
Pall just given the magnitude of therapeutic and vaccine development that's ongoing. So it's nice that
you've got the orders in hand, but kind of how big is the market, do you feel, that you're addressing as we
look out for both vaccines and therapeutics related to COVID?

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

So Dan, that's a great question. And let me reframe just a little bit and give a little bit of background on
this topic.

It's so important to remember that there are very different types of vaccines. In fact, there are a number
of unknowns here that still make very solid and defined projections pretty challenging. There's a lot of
questions around which kinds of vaccines and therapeutics ultimately get approved.

And we've seen more recently with Lilly and J&J that these approvals are not given. These are rigorous
processes that these companies go through with the FDA. And there are a number of wild cards, including
adverse reactions and so forth, that at any given time, can derail efforts that we think are very close to
the finish line. So it's really important to understand that, prior to approval, picking what are the future
"winners" is very difficult.

The other thing that's also hard is that these vaccines are produced in very different ways. While there are
a number of similarities, how they're produced is very, very important in terms of the amount of doses
that you get per batch, as an example, which can materially and by orders of magnitude change the kinds
of inputs that are required for any production.

We also have a lot of questions around the number of doses. Is it going to be a onetime shot with a
booster for life? Or is it going to be much like we've seen for influenza, an annual-type injection that
everybody needs? These are big questions that, of course, affect any kind of estimates that you make.
And then lastly, there's a great deal of discussion about to what degree will the population actually accept
vaccines and use them and get vaccinated in order to get to that ultimate goal of herd immunity.

So we see that it's very, very challenging to come to a good number there. But having said that, as we
get closer here in the next month and perhaps a quarter or so, we'll start seeing approvals. We're very
hopeful. And this picture will become much more clear as we get the data out of the clinical trials, know
about doses, whether booster shots are required and that sort of thing.

And then I come back to what Matt said. If you look at the $1 billion that we have year-to-date in orders,
we see that prior to FDA approval. So we certainly feel very positive about what the future holds here in
the next year or so. But again, coming down to hardcore and highly defined numbers is tough.

Matthew R. McGrew
CFO & Executive VP

Well -- and remember, too, Dan, that, that $1 billion is orders that we've got today as of the end of the
third quarter. So while Rainer is sort of talking about, you guys are talking about what's the opportunity
as we go forward sort of longer term, anything that we have here in the short term in Q4 from an order
perspective, we'll just keep adding to it.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

DANAHER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

So sort of the near term, I think we still have some upside here as we get kind of into Q4 and then as the
vaccines get approved and then as we start to learn some of these unknown variables that we can start
to give you guys a bit better kind of a view of it. But so far, I think it gives you a frame of what we've got.
We've got the Q4, how that plays out. And then as we know more, I think as we get into early next year,
we'll probably have a better frame for you, hopefully, to get some clarity around that.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. And then maybe just one more on Cepheid. I know you've kind of addressed it a couple of times,
but I think there's, similarly, a moving target to figure out how testing evolves, particularly related to
COVID as we get into 2021 with a vaccine and as potentially there's a lot more testing done in point of
care, the kind of the rapid antigens and much cheaper, faster alternatives.

So any way to give us just an early sneak kind of framework to think about how we should be
contemplating Cepheid as we look out to '21 under some of those scenarios? Because I think you are in an
interesting position where you're not the kind of batch-based slower PCR, so you kind of sit in between 2
different areas. So any color on that would be great.

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

Sure.

Matthew R. McGrew
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. We're -- sorry, go ahead, Rainer.

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I was just going to say that, Dan, this is a really critical question, right? A lot of people talk about the
antigen test. And most of those are used in different care settings.

Our -- the Cepheid solution, GeneXpert, that is used at the point of care in critical care environments and
in the hospital when speed, workflow and accuracy really count. So those clinicians, on the basis of that
test, are going to make call as to what therapy they prescribe. So it has to be right. It just has to be right.

And so that's why the GeneXpert and the Cepheid testing approach is the gold standard. And that's why
we see that really as a very, very durable testing modality that is at the right place, at the right time with
the right answer at the right cost for the system. And we expect, independent of the number of infections
that we see, other types of modalities really breathing either higher or lower, depending on the infection
rate. But as you think about the point of care, hospitals in particular, and other point-of-care setting, that's
where we see this gold standard, along with this multiplex 4-in-1 test, to have an extraordinary amount of
durability.

And we see that, right? And you see us continuing to ramp up from 6 million to 7 million; in the fourth
quarter, 8 million. And you can expect more tests per quarter as we go through 2021.

So I feel very strongly about the unique and durable positioning of our Cepheid GeneXpert approach. And
add on top of that the fact that we've increased the installed base by 35% this year, that really puts us in
a very strong position. And that installed base continues to grow.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research.

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

DANAHER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

I am not going to ask about COVID testing or bioprocess, just to be clear. I was going to ask one on China
and one on Beck Dx. So I'll just ask both here and then jump back in queue.

One is I wonder if you could put more granularity on the growth in China, how it progressed through the
quarter. And any areas of comparative strength and weakness? Acknowledging, of course, that it's all
recovering right here. It would be helpful just to get that regional perspective and to the extent you're
comfortable talking about where that might sit in 4Q.

And then I'll go ahead and ask my second question, which is actually on Beck Dx, which we haven't really
touched on here in the Q&A. I wonder if you could talk about the capital side, what your expectations
are. Given DxA is now available in some regions, I believe, how do you think about capital in Beck Dx
prospectively?

And then to the extent that you have a window on it, given that you have that business and a broader
diagnostics platform, how are you planning for the fourth quarter and next year as it relates to some
of the specialty testing categories that are so important in hospital settings, both for this business and
for just getting folks back into the hospital to get the kind of care they need, whether it's related to
cardiovascular or other specialty settings? And I apologize now for the very long-winded 2 questions and
get back in queue.

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

No worries. Thanks, Steve. Well, let's start with China.

China has been an extraordinary story, as you all know, in terms of the speed of the recovery. And
what we see as unique with China is the breadth of that recovery. So not only do we see, of course,
extraordinary return to lab capacities, which are nearly or at pre-pandemic levels, we also see the return
of patient volumes, to some degree, approaching normality.

And what's unique about China is that we also see this in our more industrial businesses. So the recovery
in China, in contrast to North America and Western Europe, is broader-based. And so as you think about
our EAS portfolio or some of the businesses we have -- industrial businesses we have with Pall, we're
seeing very nice recoveries there. And like we said, in China, we saw essentially 10% growth here in
Q3, and we expect to see acceleration of that here in Q4 as well as that economy continues to build
momentum. And that's really across the portfolio.

Now as we think about Beckman Diagnostics and our business there, we're really pleased by the
performance and the return of patient volumes here in the developed market. Those have really exceeded
our expectations. And the team has done very, very well in continuing to grow that business, innovate
in that business. You heard about the IL-6. You heard about IgM on top of IgG. And so we have a great
deal of momentum here, and our innovation cycle times have been shortened and accelerated very
significantly.

And as we think of capital, we're starting to see our funnel pick up in the discussion also around capital
equipment placements. No doubt they are not yet at the level of what we saw prior to the pandemic,
but they certainly are better than what we saw in Q2 and earlier in Q3. And so those conversations are
starting to happen.

Also differently to what we saw in Q2, and this will be something to monitor as we see COVID hotspots
continue to pop up around the world, is that for now we haven't seen anything but on the margin
impacted in the patient volume returning, meaning that we've seen wellness testing and elective-type
procedures continuing to ramp and not being significantly impacted yet by some of these hotspots.
So cautiously optimistic here that the progression that we've seen for Beckman Diagnostics and more
generally, with patient volumes continues to move forward positively.

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

DANAHER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Thanks for all the perspective there, and welcome to the call here, Rainer.

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Steve. Appreciate it.

Operator

We have reached the end of the allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back to our presenters
for closing remarks.

Matthew E. Gugino
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Christel, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We're around all day for questions.

Rainer M. Blair
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, everybody. Stay safe and healthy.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

DANAHER CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

