Darden Restaurants, Inc. NYSE:DRI
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, December 18, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.71

0.74

4.23

1.21

3.82

6.18

Revenue  (mm)

1688.03

1656.50

(1.87 %)

1888.34

7158.40

8829.46

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Dec-18-2020 1:05 PM GMT

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.89

(1.64)

0.05

0.71

1.90

(1.24)

0.56

0.74

0.53 %

NM

1020.00 %

4.23 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

Kevin Kalicak
Vice President of Investor
Relations & Corporate Analysis

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Strelzik
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Andrew Marc Barish
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Brett Saul Levy
MKM Partners LLC, Research
Division

Brian John Bittner
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Brian Michael Vaccaro
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Christopher Emilio Carril
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Dennis Geiger
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Eric Andrew Gonzalez
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Gregory Ryan Francfort
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Jake Rowland Bartlett
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

James Paul Rutherford
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Jared Garber
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Jeffrey Daniel Farmer
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Christopher Thomas O'Cull
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

John William Ivankoe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Nerses Setyan
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research
Division

Nicole Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Priya Joy Ohri-Gupta
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Fiscal '21 Second quarter Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I'd now like to turn the call over to your speaker today, Kevin Kalicak. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.

Kevin Kalicak
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Analysis

Thank you, James. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating on today's call.

Joining me on the call today are Gene Lee, Darden's CEO; and Rick Cardenas, CFO.

As a reminder, comments made during this call will include forward-looking statements as defined in the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. Those risks are
described in the company's press release, which was distributed this morning and in its filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

We are simultaneously broadcasting a presentation during this call, which is posted in the Investor
Relations section of our website at darden.com.

Today's discussion and presentation includes certain non GAAP measurements, and reconciliations of those
measurements are included in the presentation. We plan to release fiscal 2021 third quarter earnings on
March 25, before the market opens, followed by a conference call.

This morning, Gene will share some brief remarks about our quarterly performance and business
highlights. Rick will then provide more detail on our financial results and share our outlook for the third
quarter. Then Gene will share some closing comments. Now I'll turn the call over to Gene.

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. As we continue to operate in a very fluid environment,
and I was pleased with our ability to once again deliver strong profitability in an unpredictable sales
environment. Total sales from continuing operations were $1.7 billion, a decrease of 19.4%, same-
restaurant sales decreased 20.6% and diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations were
$0.74. The last 2 weeks of the quarter negatively impacted our same-restaurant sales by approximately
200 basis points as we quickly went from 97% of our dine rooms being opened in the middle of the
quarter to only 80% being open at the end of the quarter.

As a reminder, Thanksgiving shifted back into our second quarter this year, and we believe guests modified
their behavior in advance of the holiday. During the quarter, we remained focused on 4 key priorities:
the health and safety of our team members and guests, in-restaurant execution in a complex operating
environment, deploying technology to improve the guest experience; and transforming our business
model. The health and safety of our team members and guests has always been our top priority. We
continue to follow the latest guidance from the CDC as well as our own enhanced safety protocols to
create a safe environment for everyone. This includes daily team member health monitoring, requiring
masks for every team member, enhanced cleaning procedures and social distancing protocols. I'm proud
of the commitment our teams make every day to keep our guests and each other safe.

Second, our restaurant teams remain focused on our back-to-basics operating philosophy to drive
restaurant level execution that results in great guest experiences, whether our guests are dining with
us or ordering curbside to go. Our teams have been operating in this environment for 10 months. And
they've become very adept at adjusting to the ever-changing COVID restrictions, but it's still not easy.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

That's why we remain committed to our simplified operations, including streamlined menus, processes
and procedures, which continue to strengthen our execution. And our guest satisfaction metrics confirm
that our restaurant teams are doing a great job delivering exceptional guest experience in this challenging
environment.

Third, we continue to deploy technology to improve the guest experience. Our brands benefit from the
technology platform Darden provides, allowing each of them to compete more effectively by harnessing
the power of our digital tools, including the 25 million e-mail addresses in our marketing database.

During the quarter, Olive Garden and LongHorn Steakhouse launched refreshed websites, and all our
brands continue to use their digital storefronts effectively. More than 55% of our off-premise sales during
the quarter were fully digital transactions where guests ordered and paid online. And at Olive Garden,
20% of our total sales for the quarter were digital.

During the quarter, we also rolled out curbside on here, which allows our guests to easily notify the
restaurant that they've arrived to pick up their curbside to go order by simply tapping on a link embedded
in a text message. As a result, our operators are spending less time on the phone and more time focused
on ensuring orders are accurate and on time, which is leading to improved guest satisfaction scores. We
also introduced waitlist visibility, allowing guests to see their place on the waiting list using their phone
regardless of whether they've checked in online or in-person.

And we're working on several other initiatives, including streamlining our online checkout process and
adding additional mobile payment options to provide even more convenience for our guests. We continue
to accelerate our digital journey, and I'm encouraged by the progress we are making.

Finally, we continue to view this environment as a rare opportunity to transform our business model for
long-term growth. We continue to make investments in our team members, product quality and portion
sizes to ensure we emerge even stronger and better positioned to grow share. Olive Garden same-
restaurant sales declined 19.9% as capacity restrictions continue to limit their top line sales. Olive Garden
began November with 56 dine-ins closed and that number accelerated to 208 by the end of the month.
However, they were able to deliver strong average weekly sales during the quarter of more than $73,000
per restaurant, retaining 80% of last year's sales.

Olive Garden also continued to realize operational efficiencies and strengthen margin as a result of a
simplified menu and the elimination of promotional activity, including discounts. In the current limited
capacity environment, the reduced marketing spend was focused on showcasing the convenience of their
off-premise experience while featuring compelling core menu items rather than limited time promotions.
This led to increased segment profit margin while making additional investments in abundance and
value. Additionally, off-premise sales grew 83% in the quarter, representing 39% of total sales. Enabled
by the technology investments I mentioned earlier, our Olive Garden improved their to go experience
and achieved another all-time high in guest satisfaction for having orders ready to pick up at the time
promised. Finally, Olive Garden successfully opened 3 new restaurants in the quarter.

LongHorn Steakhouse had another solid quarter. Same-restaurant sales declined 11.1%. Almost 20%
of their restaurants grew same-restaurant sales in the quarter. They also successfully opened 3 new
restaurants during the quarter. The LongHorn team remains laser-focused on the strategy of increasing
the quality of their guest experience, simplifying operations to drive execution and leveraging their unique
culture to increase team member engagement. During the quarter, the team did a great job of managing
controllable costs, while their simplified menu drove improved labor productivity. Finally, LongHorn grew
off-premise sales by more than 175%, representing 22% of total sales. And now I'll turn it over to Rick.

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. For the second quarter, total sales were $1.7 billion, a
decrease of 19.4%. Same-restaurant sales declined 20.6%, EBITDA was $206 million and diluted net
earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.74. Our second quarter start was encouraging with
weekly sales building on results from the first quarter. However, as COVID-19 cases began increasing in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

November and many state and local governments reimposed dining room restrictions, the last 2 weeks of
the quarter trended down significantly. We estimate that this downward shift in sales over the last 2 weeks
negatively impacted operating income by approximately $15 million.

Turning to the P&L. Food and beverage expense was 30 basis points higher than last year, primarily driven
by investments in food quality and increased to go packaging. Restaurant labor was 140 basis points lower
than last year, with hourly labor improving by over 310 basis points driven by operational simplification.
This was partially offset by deleverage in management labor due to sales declines and $3 million of
emergency pay, net of retention credits, as we reinstated our emergency pay program for our team
members impacted by dining room closures. Restaurant expense per operating week was 13% lower than
last year, driven by lower repairs, maintenance and utilities expenses. However, sales deleverage resulted
in restaurant expense as a percent of sales coming in 170 basis points higher than last year. We reduced
marketing spend by almost $50 million this quarter, with total marketing 210 basis points favorable to
last year. Restaurant-level EBITDA margin was 17.9%, 140 basis points above last year despite the sales
decline of 19%.

General and administrative expenses were negatively impacted by $8 million of mark-to-market expense
on our deferred compensation. This is related to significant appreciation in both the Darden share price
and equity markets this quarter. As a reminder, due to the way we hedge this expense, it is mostly offset
in the tax line.

Page 12 of this quarter's presentation illustrates the $8.1 million reduction of operating income and
corresponding operating income margin reduction of 50 basis points from mark-to-market expense.
Our hedge reduced income tax expense by $6.4 million, resulting in a net mark-to-market reduction to
earnings after tax this quarter of $1.7 million. The effective tax rate of 8.3% this quarter was lower by 5.1
percentage points due to the tax benefits from the deferred compensation hedge I just mentioned. After
adjusting for this, the normalized effective tax rate for the second quarter would have been 13.4%.

Looking at our segment performance this quarter. Olive Garden, LongHorn Steakhouse and our other
segment, all saw segment profit margin increase despite sales declines. This was driven by our continued
focus on simplified operations, which significantly reduced direct labor and lower marketing expenses. Our
Fine Dining segment profit margin of 18.8% was impressive, although below last year, driven by a 30%
sales decline. We ended the second quarter with $770 million in cash and another $750 million available in
our untapped credit facility, giving us over $1.5 billion of available liquidity.

We generated over $150 million of free cash flow in the quarter and improved our adjusted debt to
adjusted capital to 58% at the end of the quarter, well within our debt covenant of 75%. The Board
declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.37 per share, 50% of our Q2 diluted EPS within our long-term
framework for value creation. We will continue to have regular discussions with the Board on our future
dividends.

As I mentioned earlier, the quarter started with sales building upon first quarter results. As dining room
closures increased, these improving sales trends reversed. As of today, we have approximately 77% of our
restaurants operating with at least partial dining room capacity versus a peak of 97% in the middle of the
second quarter.

Moving forward, we may experience further dining room closures and increasing capacity restrictions
in the third quarter. As you may recall, in our last earnings call, we mentioned that the third quarter is
historically our peak seasonal sales quarter, driven by the Christmas, New Year's and Valentine's Day
holidays as well as travel time during this time of year. At that time, we also stated that it will be more
difficult to increase on-premise average unit volumes if capacity restrictions do not ease. Current dining
room closures, capacity restrictions and reductions in travel will exacerbate our same-restaurant sales
comparison to last year due to the higher sales, seasonal sales from last year. Additionally, there are still
uncertainties surrounding further capacity limitations and dining room closures and the duration of these
impacts.

Given all these factors, we are providing a broad range of expectations for the third quarter. We expect
total sales to be between 65% and 70% of prior year levels, resulting in total sales of between $1.53

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

billion and $1.65 billion, EBITDA between $170 million and $210 million and diluted net earnings per share
from continuing operations between $0.50 and $0.75 on a diluted share base of 132 million shares.

With dining rooms closures increasing, we are focusing on our playbook of expense management and
off-premise sales. While there is encouraging news on the broad distribution of COVID-19 vaccine in the
spring, we currently don't anticipate meaningful sales trend improvements until sometime in the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2021. Despite the short-term headwinds we face with sales trends, operational complexity
and impacts to our team members, I am confident we are making the right decisions for the long-term
to create a better guest experience and strengthen our business. And consistent with our messaging last
quarter, we continue to believe we can achieve 100% of our pre-COVID EBITDA dollars at approximately
90% of pre-COVID EBITDA -- pre-COVID sales while continuing to make appropriate investments in our
business. Now with that, I'll turn it back to Gene.

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Rick. This morning, we also announced that Rick will become our President and Chief Operating
Officer. Rick's career represents what our industry is all about. He joined Darden as a buster at Red
Lobster in 1984, and has worked extremely hard mastering many functions. On January 4, he will become
the President of the world's largest full-service restaurant company. He's been a great partner to me over
the last 5 years, and I look forward to working side-by-side with him in his new role. Additionally, we
announced that Raj Vennam will become our Chief Financial Officer. Raj began his career at Darden in
2003 and has done an exceptional job in every role he has held. His promotion recognizes the significant
contributions he has made to our individual brands as well as the greater organization. With a brilliant
mind and the keen understanding of our industry, Raj is the perfect person to take over for Rick. I'm
excited to see him expand his role in the company as CFO. Rick and Raj are here with me in the room
today, and I want to take this opportunity to congratulate both of them.
I want to close by recognizing our team members in the restaurants and at the support center. I can't
say enough about the dedication they've demonstrated throughout the year. Their focus, commitment
and determination is exceptional. With multiple jurisdictions implementing dining room closures, we know
many team members will not get the hours they needed during this holiday season. That's why we have
reintroduced our emergency pay program that will provide 3 weeks of emergency pay to team members
who are furloughed from their restaurant when dining rooms are closed. Our [ people ] are our greatest
competitive advantage, and we're committed to taking care of them. On behalf of the management team
and the Board of Directors, I want to thank all our team members for your tireless effort to serve our
community by providing the comfort of a warm meal. Thank you for going to the extraordinary lengths to
take care of our guests and each other. I wish you all a safe and a happy holiday season. And with that,
we'll take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from the line of David Tarantino with Baird.

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

First, Gene, congratulations on being elected to Chair of the Board. And Rick and Raj, also congratulations
on your promotions. Very well deserved.

Gene, my question is about those changes. I want to -- maybe to hear your thoughts on how your day-
to-day involvement will change as a result of Rick taking on the President and COO role? And just your
thoughts on whether investors should sort of interpret this as a signal that you'll be less involved in the
business going forward?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

No, absolutely not. I plan on being as involved operationally as I ever had. That's my strength. I mean,
I see this is an opportunity to create growth for both Rick and Raj. I think it's going to give Rick an
opportunity to understand operations more deeply. Obviously, he has a great relationship with our
Presidents today, but I think it's important for him and his development to get a little deeper into the
operations and get to know and oversee a lot of the other people that make things happen, just not the
President. I also think it's important for him to partner with me on making sure that we are leveraging
all the nonconsumer facing parts of our business and to see if there's an opportunity to continue to find
additional synergies to enable us to further invest in our business. And so I see this as an opportunity
to to work with people that deserve the opportunity to grow. And more importantly, have an extra set
of hands to be able to do some things and look at things maybe a little bit differently. Given Rick, the
freedom and the time to look across the organization and see where we can pick up some additional
synergy, I think, is a good thing. I think that I try to do that, but in a position that I was in, but there's
a limit to the amount of time you have. I think given, Rick, that time will be very beneficial to the
organization as we forward. So I'm excited about these changes. It has. It's -- I don't think anybody
should read anything into it. I'm going to still be heavily involved in food service and atmosphere, just
the way I am today. And I look at it as a great opportunity. I also look forward to working with Raj and
giving him a chance to develop into a world-class Chief Financial Officer. And I think that's going to be
really exciting. So don't read anything into it other than we're creating growth for our people, creating new
opportunities, and we have a few things that we want to get done with this change.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Chris O'Cull with Stifel.

Christopher Thomas O'Cull
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Gene, how is the company thinking about returning to a normalized marketing spend? Meaning does the
company plan to wait until government restrictions on dining usage are lifted? Or does the company plan
to see what kind of pent-up demand there's going to be as consumer mobility increases to determine how
much advertising utilized? I'm just trying to get a sense for how you guys are thinking about that?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We have no definitive plans to put back marketing at this point in time. Obviously, we have -- we
have developed multiple options of how to come back and use those resources that we have. But I think in
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

part of your question, I think the answer is there is that we're going to look and see what the competitive
environment is like. We want to see what the pent-up demand is like. And we're going to put back the
marketing -- put marketing resources back in the business judiciously. And I would love to get to a point
where we can grow our business and rely a little less on advertising spend. We really like the P&Ls with
the marketing line at the level it's at right now. And so there's no predetermined outcome on this. We just
-- we need to get into the competitive environment and then make our decisions then. We have developed
multiple options, if needed.

Christopher Thomas O'Cull
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Great. Congratulations on everyone's promotions.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Charles with Cowen & Company.

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Great. Gene, Rick and Raj, happy holidays and congrats on the well deserved promotions. Gene, do
the most recent few weeks of sales trends changed your view from last quarter, that 5% to 15% of the
category is likely to see store closures? And what I'm trying to get at is, are you starting to see more
favorable terms from landlords and developers that will benefit the development pipeline as you look out
to the 2022 and 2023 class of openings?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

No, I don't think -- I mean, I think that my position on closure is still in that 5% to 15% range. And it's
unfortunate that a lot of these small businesses are being impacted this way. Because I do think it has --
it will have a negative impact on the creativity of our industry, so on and so forth. So as far as real estate
goes, I think that -- my position on that is still pretty much the same is that there's some more availability
out there right now. However, we're not seeing any weakness in the rent deals. I think what we're -- I
think there's some speculation going on out there right now with some of the REITs. So I think as we
move forward, we'll continue to try to grow our businesses responsibly. We want to eventually get back
into our long-term framework. We'll give you some more guidance in March, exactly how we're thinking
about FY '22 development. But we reconfirmed our guidance for this year and hoping that we can get the
number of restaurants that we talked about in the press release open. And we have a bunch of restaurants
today sitting there ready to go that are ready to open. We just need to -- our guideline here is once we
get to approximately 50% occupancy in a jurisdiction, we will go ahead and open that restaurant. We've
been very successful doing that.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Brian Bittner with Oppenheimer & Company.

Brian John Bittner
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

I echo the congratulations to all 3 of you on the upcoming move into our new roles. Gene, in the press
release and on this call, you talked a lot about the fact that you're taking this opportunity to transform the
business for long-term growth. And on the call, when you spoke about that in your prepared remarks, you
specifically said employee investments and some menu and portion changes, but can you just talk a little
bit more beyond that? What else are you doing to truly transform this company for long-term growth?
And how do you strategically think about growth, both for the AUV recapture opportunity and the unit and
portfolio growth of the company in the long term?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

Good question, Brian. I think we think about it in 3 ways, right? What are we doing to to ensure that we
can grow the base from a same-restaurant sales perspective. And I think a lot of the simplification and
the efficiencies that we're creating. But more importantly, and I think I talked about this in the last call is,
as we brought our menus down, we've learned a lot about guest behavior and what the guests want to
buy without our nudge and I think that's really been eye-opening for us. And I think that, that's going to
strengthen the operation and day-to-day operation on that side. So I really think that we're well positioned
there. We've done a lot of good work to ensure that our brand is set up for success.

Secondly, we talk about transformation. And when we go to the second bucket of growth, which is new
restaurants, the key here is that we believe that the business model from a cost side is much stronger
than it was pre-pandemic, which should enable us to be able to grow, and especially in Olive Garden,
deeper than we may have thought we would be able to grow pre-pandemic. So that's 1 of the things
that I'm really excited about is we think that we can actually, over time, tick up Olive Garden growth and
handle -- because of the improvements we've made, we think we're going to handle the cannibalization a
little bit better and still get a good return on our investment.

The third bucket that you highlighted was really around how do we continue to add brands to the platform.
And as I've said forever, we continue to look at what our options are, the filter that we use really comes
down to, does it benefit us to put that brand on the platform? Does the platform benefit that brand? Do
we think you can grow faster than Olive Garden to improve our growth rate. And we've historically done
something every 3 or 4 years. This has obviously been a different period of time, but we believe that to
be an avenue of our growth and to support our long-term framework. And so I think we're really well
positioned in all of those -- in those 3 buckets to drive the business. The last thing that I would say is I
think that in this transformation, it's moved a lot of the technology forward faster than what we originally
are planning to do. And the big change for us is moving from -- moving how we handle the off-premise
business, which has been a big part of our growth historically over the last 5 years as we capture the
convenience trend. But really getting clarity that this is going to be a curbside business that's going to be
technologically enabled versus someone coming to the restaurant and getting out of the car and coming to
pick it up. And I think that we've really worked hard and our team has done a great job. And I think that
experience today, when you come into an Olive Garden, especially Olive Garden and LongHorn in all our
brands. But really, this is an Olive Garden play because the food travels so well. I think that, that's going
to really be a competitive advantage going forward.

Brian John Bittner
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

And nobody seems to be taking their follow-up, but I'm going to ask one, if you don't mind? The step back
that's happening in the business in the third quarter, it's pretty telegraphed by what's been happening in
the world. But when you look back at the quarter that you just reported, when you got to that 97% of
units offering in-store dining in the middle of the quarter, can you give us a peek into how the business
was performing with that type of percentage of stores operating in that manner?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

Well, I think there are still geographic problems, and I would say that we were really adhering to the social
distancing. But the business, in some ways, I gave you that because I said we -- in the last 2 weeks, cost
us 200 basis points for the quarter. And so I think there are parts of the country that were performing
really well. And I think you can look at the mobility index out there and see what parts of the country
were performing well. And so you look at Georgia and Texas, Florida hasn't been performing as well just
because the tourism is down, and we have a lot of restaurants based in tourism. But in our non tourist
markets in Florida, we're performing well. So we had some good momentum, but we all -- we knew as a
management team that we weren't -- this wasn't done that we were going to face this second wave, and
we were prepared for it. And we had good processes, and we've been able to wind down the businesses
effectively to off-premise only, and then we'll quickly be able to wind them back up and take advantage of
the opportunity.

Brian John Bittner

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Congratulations, guys.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Eric Gonzales with Keybank Capital Markets.

Eric Andrew Gonzalez
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

And I'd also like to add my congrats on the promotions. My question is, as we look ahead to the vaccine
rollout, can you talk about what you think you need to do differently in order to maximize the opportunity
to capitalize on that pent-up demand that likely exists? And as a follow-up to that, what is the -- what
do you think the flow-through rate is on incremental sales today? And what do you think it will be post-
vaccine? Assuming you don't need -- assuming you need to discount or advertise?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

I'll let our new President answer that.

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

Well, first of all, thanks, everybody, for all the kind words. And I want to congratulate Raj as well on his
promotion. He's been a real partner to me over these -- over the 4.5, 5 years that I've been the CFO.
And so I appreciate that. What do we going to do to capitalize? Gene has been talking a lot about what
we're doing to make sure that we invest in our team members, invest in our food and as the restaurants
start to ramp up, we really believe that we're seeing, and we've seen growth when those restaurants
start to open. We're not going to talk strategically about what we're going to do to capitalize on that, but
just know that our business model is so much better that even if we -- as we get our sales to grow, our
margins will continue to improve, which gets you to the second part of that question that you asked. And
the question is flow through on incremental sales. As we look at what we're doing today, right, today, our
variable margins are closer to 50%. And before, they were closer to 40%. And so we've taken a lot of
costs out, but some of those costs will come back in. And as we mentioned, and that would imply about
150 basis points of margin improvement over the long run. But right now, incremental profitability is
pretty strong. When we started to see some closures, we started to see that drop. And so as we move
forward, we still believe that we're going to get to 100% of our pre-COVID EBITDA, 90% of pre-COVID
sales. We just don't know when we're going to get to the 90% of pre-COVID sales.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Chris Carroll with RBC Capital Markets.

Christopher Emilio Carril
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Gene, Rick and Raj, congratulations on your new roles and promotions announced this morning. Rick or
Raj, can you please provide your thoughts on how to think about G&A now moving forward, both in the
near-term and longer term? At this point, how much of the savings that you've seen thus far do you think
could be held on to in a more normalized environment? And how does the increased focus on technology
impact us?

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Chris, thanks. The G&A, I'll talk about this quarter that we just ended. And as you saw, we reported
about $90 million in G&A, but that would have been closer to $82 million without that mark-to-market
expense. And as you recall, at the end of the first quarter call, we talked about the early retirement
program that we had, saving us about $25 million to $30 million a year. We're still seeing that, and we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

still believe that we'll keep that as we move forward. But we've also had some savings in G&A because of
reduced travel and other things, no General Manager Conference and those kind of things. Those things
will come back. How fast they come back is the question? But we're running about 5% G&A, 5.5% G&A
right now, which is remarkable considering our sales where they were, where they are. As we get back to
our pre-COVID sales, we will start seeing G&A come up a little bit, but nowhere near where it was before
because of that $25 million to $30 million -- I'm sorry, $25 million to $30 million of savings that we got on
early retirement.

Christopher Emilio Carril
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Got it. And just, again, the increased focus on technology, is there any potential impact there?

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. No, we've been investing in technology for years. As we continue to work on our technology
investments, that'll impact the depreciation line, amortization line going forward. But we also have some
projects that we worked on, 5 and 6 [indiscernible] would fall off. We're going to continue to invest in
technology. Will that help make us more efficient here in the support center? Yes. But a lot of our G&A
is out in the field and our Directors of Operations and our and our Senior Vice Presidents of Operations
and technology will help them be more effective and more efficient, but it won't get us a whole lot of G&A
save. But absolutely, the technology investments we're making are more about in restaurants. So that's
not a G&A, that's kind of restaurant margin.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Bernstein with Barclays.

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Congratulations, Gene, Rick and Raj. One question and then a follow-up. The question just in terms of the
labor outlook. Obviously, lots of moving pieces. And I think we'd agree Darden is an employer of choice.
And with unemployment up, inflation and theory should ease and you experienced significant leverage in
the second quarter. I'm just wondering how you think about that in the context of potential for national
minimum wage increase? Just wondering your bigger picture industry thoughts maybe using Florida as a
guide? Or how you think about how you can offset that, whether with cost savings or menu pricing or just
broad outlook on the labor line going forward? And then I have 1 follow-up.

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

Yes Jeff, labor is definitely is a little bit of a question mark right for us and for the industry. But as we think
about labor, we've dealt with the structural increases over time very effectively. We are better positioned
than anybody else in the industry to be able to deal with that because of where our margins are today.
Now do I -- at the bottom if you're asking me, do I think there'll be a a federal minimum wage increase
that's similar to Florida? I think over time that we will see federal minimum wage increase, but not at the
same rate as Florida. I think the key for us and the way we're thinking about it is how do we get to the
right tip wage and to keep that relationship between the constituents, the 2 constituents, the guest and
the server that don't want that relationship to change albeit people in public office and some advocacy
groups believe that, that, that relationship should change where our team members and service really
don't want that to change. So how do we protect that, get that to the right level? If we're all -- if the
industry is all faced with it then we're going to have to figure out how from a pricing standpoint, we are
able to pass that through. I think long term, when I look at the P&L and think about it, I think it's --
California is an example of it today. You're going to end up with a little bit lower cost of goods sold and a
little bit higher labor cost. But you're going to end up at the same place. And so as long as you're thinking
about it that way, I'm confident in our ability to manage that over the long term. Could it have some

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

short-term impacts and volatility, the cost structure? Yes. But long term, I like where we're positioned and
our ability to be able to deal with it.

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Understood. And then just the follow-up, you mentioned earlier, Gene, that maybe there's an opportunity
to increase penetration of your brands. Obviously, Olive Garden is the furthest along. So maybe that's the
best example. I'm just wondering whether there's any quantification on that or how you would think it's
an alternative about maybe using Gu's Kitchen. I mean with your portfolio being as large as it is, I would
think you can create your own Gu's Kitchen just of your own portfolio since the brands are already pretty
well known, and not necessarily need to open up as many new boxes? So just trying to get a sense for
that.

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

No. We believe we're an on-premise restaurant company, and we believe -- we strongly believe that
demand for in-restaurant dining is going to come back really strong. There'll be some fall off on the off-
premise occasion. I think people have a lot of fatigue with that right now. Long-term convenience is going
to -- when you think about long term, convenience is still going to be important, but I think that right
-- and off-premise will come back and be strong, be stronger at some point than it was pre-COVID. But
I believe that these are -- these brands need to be developed to be on-premise locations that's your
primary business that drives an auxiliary business, which is your off-premise location or off-premise
business, but you developed the brand in a box, and we create a great in-restaurant experience. And
logistics of moving that to last mile are just so, so expensive and something that we know really cuts into
the profitability and something that we don't want to be involved in.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Peter Saleh with BTIG.

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Congratulations to the team on the promotions. Gene, I wanted to ask, if you can give us an update on
the Cheddar's brand? And what -- if any changes you guys have made throughout the pandemic? And how
should we think about the unit growth of that concept when we come out of this pandemic?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We seen -- I think we talked about on the last call, the biggest transformation we've made in the cost
structure has been at Cheddar's as we simplified the menu. We really were able to get in there and look
at all the processes and procedures from the back door to the dining table, and the team has made great
progress there, which has resulted in a significant reduction in labor costs. And we've had a significant
reduction in the waste in that business around cost of goods sold, which has really changed the business
model. Prior to the pandemic, we had just rolled out croissants to every single guest, which is being
received very well, and we were able to absorb the pricing that we implemented. When we did that, our
value ratings have actually increased. I think the other thing that going through this crisis has accelerated
their off-premise capabilities. Prior to the pandemic, we did not have a ton of capabilities there. We only
had a couple of phone lines. It was just a mess. So we've increased the number of phone lines. We've got
online ordering in place. We've now got the curbside and the I'm here and there. And the take-up business
is growing fairly rapidly through the pandemic, and we're very pleased with that. We've got -- we've got
to get better at it because it's not a core competency in Cheddar's, but I think the team has been working
really hard on it, and I know they've got a big initiative, and I'm really proud of what they're doing.

As far as unit growth goes, we've really -- I always talk about human resources when we talk about unit
growth. We've stabilized the human resources in Cheddar's, the human resource metrics are getting

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

closer to Darden metrics. I think actually, management turnover is actually in the middle now after being
such an outlier for so long. So I'm excited about that, but we still need to brand -- we still need to build
management strength to handle growth. Now we've been opening restaurants all the way through the
transition -- through the pandemic and through, really through the integration. And I would expect unit
growth to be somewhere in that 5% to 8% range, which I think we can handle from human resource
standpoint. So it's additive to our growth rate.

We're excited about the business. And we're excited to see what the P&L will really look like in a post-
pandemic environment. And we've always loved the business, and we love the business today. We're
excited about -- we got -- team's done a great job. I'm really proud of them.

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Do you anticipate having to spend more as a percentage of sales for Cheddar's to -- on the marketing side
to accelerate that growth in the coming quarters or year?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

No. we just don't have -- we don't have the density in that business to be cost-effective from a marketing
standpoint. I think we'll continue to use a digital -- our digital capabilities there. But really, it was always a
high-volume concept that didn't have the cost structure set up right.

Now we have the cost structure set up, we think set up right and doing 5,000 guests a week. I think that
the growth from that business really comes from new units, not really comp growth. Because there's not
many restaurant companies out there doing 5,000 guests a week.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of John Glass with Morgan Stanley.

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Happy holidays to everyone. And congratulations from me as well. Rick or Raj, just maybe maybe 2 more
boring finance questions. One is, just on the third -- on your current quarter guidance, even at the high
end, it would assume revenues might be a little lower than they are total revenues this quarter. But the
operating margins might be actually higher, I should say, EBITDA margins. Is that just a function of like
the G&A, which was a little bit of quarter because of mark-to-market? and is there's something else going
on that would actually allow you to even have higher profitability versus second quarter on lower sales?

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

John, no, I think you got it a little bit on the G&A front, but as we continue to reopen restaurants, we're
getting more efficient at that, right? So if restaurants come back and reopen, we're just getting better at
doing that. And as restaurants close, we're getting them more -- we're more efficient doing that as well.
So we just believe that we've got a business model that's wired pretty well right now, and that should
show up in our margins in Q3.

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And the next -- this is probably the last quarter we'll be talking about negative same-store sales and then
you start to lap the May period, et cetera, where -- how should investors sort of think about how to model
the business or think about the recovery? Should we just focus on average unit volumes? And then just
sort of back into this implied same-store sales because that's what really drives things to be really -- year-
over-year, doesn't matter. It's really just -- the volume capacities are limited to a point until those capacity

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

restrictions. And is that the best way to think about your business over the next couple of quarters after
you start lapping the pandemic?

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, John, I think what investors have to do is make assumptions for when the pandemic starts to ease
and when dining room restrictions close kind of -- when dining rooms reopen, and then look at our
average unit volumes, what we're doing today and kind of put some kind of a factor on that. And you
can kind see some of the things that we've shown in our releases and pretty transparent on our weekly
sales and and restaurants that have dining rooms open versus the total company and just kind of make
your best guesses on when you think the pandemic is going to wane. And when dining rooms are going
to reopen. We can't tell you when that is, but we feel really confident that when that does happen, we're
going to be there to capitalize on it.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Dennis Geiger with UBS.

Dennis Geiger
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Congrats to all on well-deserved promotions. Gene, wondering if you could talk a bit more about
technology and the digital platforms? You talked a bunch about the initiatives that recently rolled out and
those that are coming, but can you size up the opportunity a bit more on the role that tech plays and
digital plays and can play for the brand, perhaps a bit more maybe on some of the top line benefits and
thinking about guest satisfaction, speed ultimately and sales? And then, Rick, I think you talked some
about the benefits from a cost and margin perspective a little bit, but if there's anything more to frame up
that opportunity as well?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

Well, I think, first of all, I think technology really helps you on the off-premise side. As we talk to our
guests, they continue to talk -- tell us they don't want a technologically advanced or enabled in-restaurant
experience. They don't want to look at digital menus. I mean as we put the QR codes out there and have
people try to look at their menus on their phone, they really push back. They don't like that. And so
that trend, I don't think, is going to take place in restaurant. There -- we're playing with some handheld
devices to see if we can get orders quicker. I think that Ziosk has played a major role in a lot of our
brands. It's enabled our servers to -- in a non pandemic time, be able to use that device to get orders
in. Really does a great job on payment. The adoption rate on payment is extremely high with that device
as the consumer becomes used to using it. So in restaurant, I don't see a ton of technological advances
there over time. I think the things that we're working on, wait list is important. Again, the big 1 that we're
working on right now is how do you accelerate the checkout process on online order? And how can that be
as friendly as the big retailers? And so those types of things on the margin, I think, technology is there.
We are fairly technologically advanced with our dining room system, our KDS system. I'm not sure how
much more is there that we see right now, we are working on a technology road map over the next 5
years to figure out where do we want to invest and how do we get the highest return on that? And so
there's still work to be done. I think the majority of it still is an off-premise to accelerate that. And then
on the other side, we don't talk much about, but when you think about the size of our e-mail database
today and how we interact with our guests digitally. We'll continue to evolve that and get better at that
and more efficient with that, trying to figure out how to communicate more effectively with our consumers
and let them know about the things that are -- that might drive a visit. So I'm excited about that. There's
a lot of engagement digitally with our brand. Both on -- from the e-mail database, but from social, just
think about what happened last week when Taylor Swift dropped the song with Olive Garden in it and how
we were able to capture that socially and create buzz around that. And all of a sudden, when Taylor Swift
drops our name in the song, our brand becomes very, very relevant. It's a 40-plus year old brand that's all
of a sudden relevant with her audience. And we -- our team is working around the clock to capitalize on

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

that activity. And to those that are listening that were on that team, they did a fantastic job to be able to
make that relevant. So thank you to them, and thank you to Taylor Swift for dropping Olive Garden in her
song.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Farmer with Gordon Haskett.

Jeffrey Daniel Farmer
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

congratulations to all 3 of you, well-deserved across the Board. Another labor question for you. So if
memory serves, you saw 350 basis points of hourly labor favorability in the fiscal first quarter. It sounds
like you guys just talked about 310 basis points in the second quarter. How should we be thinking about
favorability moving forward, especially with the emergency pay coming back?

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

Jeff, this is Rick. The -- on the labor front, the hourly labor of 310 basis points favorability this quarter,
it was really driven by the fact -- compared to 350 in Q1, it was really driven by the fact that in Q1 we
had a much, much more simplified menu in some of these restaurants because some of them were still to
go only. Some of those restaurants were running with very few hourly employees. And so as we started
ramping up dining rooms, yes, we added some labor, but 40 basis point difference isn't very big when you
consider the sales that we added from Q1 to Q2. And the emergency pay isn't -- we don't necessarily put
that into our direct labor cost. It's more in the kind of fixed labor. We talk about it. So when we talk about
the 310 basis points to the 350 basis points, it does not include emergency pay.

Jeffrey Daniel Farmer
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

And just as a follow-up, again, on labor, this is a popular investor question. But you touched on it, but with
indoor dining suspensions affecting roughly 25% of the system, as you -- most recently, can you provide
some color on the impact that, that has on variable restaurant level costs, specifically on the labor and
restaurant expense lines? And I know you shared some color on hourly versus management labor as a
percent of total labor. But anything there to sort of help analysts and investors understand the movement
between fixed and variable costs for restaurants that are essentially close to indoor dining?

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. When you think about -- when you have no indoor dining, a big part of our restaurant is the servers.
And so that's a little bit less -- actually, a little less efficient in number of hours than an off-premise
business. On dollars, it's not so bad. But on an hours basis, you have a lot more servers per guest than
you do on a to go experience. So actually, it does help us a little bit when we go to off-premise only just
for a little bit of time. We actually don't like to be off-premise only. We would much rather have the total
sales and the total margin of being open on-premise. In relation to the fixed versus variable, that -- as the
definition says, the variable costs definitely go way down as we -- as our sales go down. Most of our costs
on the fixed side will be there. We have a few things that we can turn off when we go to off-premise only,
the TVs, the music and those kind of things, but that's not significant.

The other thing that is significant is we have a little less repair and maintenance. When your restaurant
isn't getting beat up and the dining room, you don't have to do as much repairs there. But I would say we
would much rather have a full restaurant, full dining rooms and deal with the cost of that than have empty
dining rooms and just do off premise.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Lauren Silberman with Crédit Suisse.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Congratus to all. Hopefully, this time next year, all restaurants will be open at full capacity. When you
reopen restaurants, how long does it take for restaurants to ramp up sales to their full allowable capacity?
So is it immediate takes several weeks to build? What I'm trying to get at is how quickly do you expect to
reach full pre-COVID sales levels, assuming capacity restrictions are lifted at 100%?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

Well, I think that, that -- I mean, that's hard for us to really define for you. I think that from our
standpoint, we can -- other than maybe having to ramp up some staffing we can get right, we can get
to a point where we can move back to 100% fairly quickly of where we were from a volume standpoint.
I think even staffing, it would be more of a fatigue thing because we'd probably have to work our people
more hours than what they are used to in the near term, but I think we can get there right away. The
question is going to be more on the consumer demand is that is this going to come back in all at once? Or
is it going to come back over a period of time as more and more people get comfortable? You think about
the different demographics out there today. And is it going -- are people going to -- as soon as they're
vaccinated, say, okay, I can get out and move? Or are they still going to be cautious? And that to us is the
unknown. But what I would tell everybody on the call and our investors is that we're going to be prepared
to be able to handle this situation as it unfolds. And we're going to be in a situation where I think that our
brands are trusted and beloved by our guests and that people, once they feel good about being able to
have a little bit more mobility, they're going to come back to us quickly, and we're going to be ready to
serve them a great meal and deliver on our expectation.

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. And then, Gene, you touched on Gu's Kitchen, but extending that the virtual brands operating out
of existing restaurants, more restaurants that are developing these virtual concepts that complement
their businesses and add near term sales, I think, uncertainty regarding the same power over the long
term. Last quarter, you said this wasn't the right approach for Darden. Is that still your view? And can you
just expand on your view on the content of virtual brands? And whether that's appropriate for any of the
concept in the Darden portfolio?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

It's still our position. We believe that we need to stay focused on running the brands that we've spent
many, many years investing in, in marketing and building and I believe that, that's the right place to be. I
believe, as I said last quarter, others have got to do what they think they need to do to run their business.
I think the question that I would ask is who owns the virtual brand? Is the Kitchen or does DoorDash on
the virtual brand?

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jon Tower with Wells Fargo.

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Congrats to the team. Happy Friday, and happy holidays to everybody. Just 2 follow-ups really. First one,
when thinking about the targeted 100 to 150 point margin improvement over time. Does that take into
account potentially a higher or a lower level of marketing spend over time or essentially returning back
to, say, the 3% spend? And then digging a bit deeper into the unit potential we were discussing a little
bit earlier. When thinking about it, are you contemplating the idea of potentially putting more units in an
existing trade area? Or do you think that there is greater opportunity for your brands to move into smaller

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

markets over time? And is this more about the portfolio or Olive Garden specific? And then just 1 more on
top of it. How much has cannibalization weighed on same-store sales and margins historically?

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

John, this is Rick. I'll go through those questions. So lower marketing is part of the $100 million to $150
million -- 100, 150 basis points, I'm sorry. But most of that is going to be from our labor efficiencies that
have come to play. As sales go back up, depending on what the competitive environment looks like, we
will market and Olive Garden is a national brand. And 1 of the benefits of Olive Garden is their scale and
their national footprint. So Olive Garden will be on TV nationally because we think that's a big competitive
advantage for us. And so marketing will come back, not to the level it was before, but most of our 100 to
150 basis points is going to be on the labor front.

As it relates to unit potential, while we're not going to give a number on units, Gene did mention
Olive Garden, seeing that we could potentially go into smaller markets because of the business model
enhancements that we've made. But other brands are going to fill in markets. I mean, 1 of the things that
Gene mentioned earlier about Cheddar's is they don't have scale. They really don't have a whole lot of
scale in most of the markets there in either. So we really believe in relative market share. And we think
Cheddar's has the opportunity, longHorn has the opportunity, all of our brands have the opportunity to
build scale in some of the markets they're in while still growing into new markets.

And in regards to cannibalization, we haven't given that number in a long time. And most of the
cannibalizations would be at Olive Garden. And olive garden isn't growing that many restaurants. So
the cannibalization isn't that impactful for us. And as it relates to the other brands, as we do go into
some markets that we already have restaurants in, because we're so -- especially for Cheddar's, because
we're so dispersed on where our restaurants are, when we add a new restaurant, yes, we will have some
cannibalization, but the business model is so much better now that we believe that it's the right thing to
do. Plus, it actually leverages some of the G&A and other things in that market, even our supply chain. So
while our restaurant level margins may tick down if we cannibalize, the costs outside the restaurant will
get better.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Nicole Miller with Piper Sandler.

Nicole Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Congrats to everybody. 2 quick questions for me. The first is on numbers with the guidance. Can you
talk just a little bit more about what is underlying that? I would wonder about 2 things. I think you said
like 75% of the dining rooms are open. So I can't imagine you're contemplating all of those reopening,
yet you're not contemplating everything closing. So what is kind of the spectrum there? And then on the
comp, is it holding steady for dining rooms open and the momentum they've achieved? And -- or are they
also seeing some softness?

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

Nicole, this is Rick. As it relates to our guidance, and then I'll get into the comp. We aren't assuming that
or contemplating any significant changes in net capacity restrictions. So where we are today is where
we're going to expect to be through the quarter. Other than those that are already contemplated by
officials, if there are some new ones coming than -- that we already know about, but we don't know about
any new ones coming. Now hopefully, those things will ease as the quarter goes on. And so we do have
some -- a little bit of that. I will give you -- I want to give you a couple of data points. So as of Sunday,
our quarter-to-date, on a fiscal basis, which is what you all look at, our comp sales are down about 26%.
But if you look at it on a comparable calendar basis, because remember, we had a 53rd week last year
and Thanksgiving shifted, we're down 35%, as Gene mentioned, over the first 2 weeks. So our guidance
takes all that into account and takes into account that we think that our sales are going to maybe grow

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

a little bit on a per op week basis or an average unit volume basis. But because we're going up against
that high seasonal sales last year, our comps will be a little bit more challenged. And so that leads to the
second part of your question, what are we seeing in comps for restaurants that still have dining rooms
open? We're now getting into our seasonal period. So we're getting into that point that we talked about
after Q1 and recently mentioned on today's prepared remarks is that our comps are going to be harder.
What I would focus everybody on is our average weekly sales. And if you look at our press release that we
shared, we still have average weekly sales growing. Unfortunately, they're not growing as fast as average
weekly sales grew last year, which we knew would happen, and we highlighted that. So we're focusing
more on Q4. And next year, we believe we have the business to get us through that, and we're really
comfortable with the guidance that we gave for Q3, but we're really focusing on getting our business really
ready to capitalize on when sales come back.

Nicole Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

That's super helpful. And to your point on -- yes, looking through this quarter and looking to the next,
absolutely that does leads me to my second and last question is exactly that. There's not even just
a thought process anymore about the bigger chains like yourselves being able to take share, but it's
absolutely modeled, but saying the consensus estimate. That's where we're at. And I want to understand
what you think about that. What's the opportunity for sales transfer to [indiscernible] 110,000 locations
are closed. What's the type and the location and health? What's the probability in the interim that you
pick up those sales? I mean we all hope for an independent revival, but that's going to take time. Has
consensus been too optimistic on that front? Or is that what is -- and is happening or is going to happen?

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Nicole, I don't want to comment on what consensus is for Q4 or beyond. But what I do want to get
everybody understanding is before the pandemic, the full-service restaurant business was about $100
billion category. We believe after the pandemic, it's going to be $100 billion or more category. I mean
we also know that unfortunately, there have been a lot of restaurants that have closed and there might
be more that are coming. We really are unhappy with that. We really like to see these independents stay
open, as Gene mentioned, because they do provide some novelty and flare that we can learn from as well.
But as we think about our business in the long run, full-service restaurants was a big category. We had
about an 8% share, 9% share. We believe it's going to be at least as big, potentially bigger because of
the pent-up demand and people really understanding and realizing what they missed out of casual dining
and full service restaurants. And so if restaurants stays closed for a while, we're bound to pick up some of
that share. How much that is? I can't comment on it, but we believe we're really, really well prepared to
capture that share. And with the business model that we have, we believe that we're going to benefit from
that.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Congratulations to all of your promotions. A follow-up on your comments so far about how Darden is
transforming the business model for the long term. You mentioned how simplification and productivity will
result in a longer term margin step up, and that can lead to greater unit growth opportunities down the
road. That's great. And I think I get that. The 1 thing I'm curious about is about this whole crisis in your
internal actions. Has the business been transformed in a way in your major brands that is going to bolster
sales per restaurant long term, perhaps some year like fiscal '23 might be higher than it would have been
without the crisis in your internal actions? I'd be curious to hear about that.

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

Yes, David, I think crisis has done a few things. I think it's done -- not just for the restaurant business,
but for all businesses, when I listen to all the CEOs talk. I mean we've identified a lot of non-value-added
activity inside our organizations that you're funding, but also was creating distractions at the operational
level. And I think that's a big upside for us. And it's something that we're really focused on to ensure
that there's not this gravitational pull to bring us back to do that type of work. What gives me the most
confidence in our ability to get above pre-pandemic sales is the investments we've made. And from the
minute after day after April 20th, when we raised the $500 million in the equity offering and we knew
liquidity wasn't going to be an issue, this management team focused 100% on what do we need to do
to ensure our business is as stronger than they were before we went into the crisis. What actions, what
investments do you want to make? What things that you do in history that turned out to be wrong that
you want to make right? And our businesses have worked hard to do that. Now each 1 of our brands is
in a different place on that journey. I think our bigger brands are much further along at this point. And
they've made the moves. And what I'm really impressed with is the stuff that they're working on today
and at the level of detail of trying to improve guest satisfaction. To me, it's absolutely amazing. Words
down to -- we're spending a lot of time working on how do we improve our -- the off-premise experience?
And how do we ensure the food at 15 minutes, if it's not going to go back into a microwave, is in its
optimal eating point? Or what's it look like at 30 minutes when it goes back into the microwave. So there's
just a tremendous amount of work and investment being made at what I would call the second level that I
think is going to pay big dividends. We've invested a lot back into quality and value in our brands. And I'm
really excited about that, and the guests are telling us that they're noticing these changes.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Is kitchen capacity an issue at Olive Garden? I mean, can you -- can these step changes happen without
you running into bottlenecks and thresholds where the the experience is compromised on either off-
premise or on premise?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

No, actually the opposite, David, because we've removed a lot of the extraneous products that we we're
trying to serve that we were getting 0.5% of sales out of, and we're really through our menu and our
menu engineering. We are moving the high-value, high satisfaction, more of those items through to our
guests. And we -- the more we make them, the better we get. So actually, everything we're working on
today, speed is taken into account. And that holds the simplification of that process. And you guys have
heard me talk about this -- you probably tired of me talking about it. A great kitchen starts with how the
product comes in the back door and you got to streamline all those processes until it gets to the table. And
during this crisis, we've been able to reevaluate all that activity and all those processes, and we're so far
along in that journey today. And that's what gives me confidence about the future.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Nick Setyan with Wedbush Securities.

Nerses Setyan
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

Congratulations on all the promotions. As the recent months progressed, the strength of the consumer
in the context of the dining room capacities was a positive surprise. Is there a way to tease out that how
strong the consumer now is as the reversals happen and the dining room closures accelerate? Is there a
way to tease out whether part of it is also the customer just spending less?

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Nick, we haven't really seen a whole lot of difference in our check average. So that's one way to think
about the consumer. I mean how strong they are. And as you look at our week to week sales in dining
rooms that are open, they are still growing. Now it's really hard to tease out consumer strength versus

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

people going out for holidays or people actually curbing their spending because maybe they were self
quarantining before Thanksgiving and those kind of things. So it's really tough to see that other than the
fact that our check really hasn't had a big dip.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Strelzik with BMO.

Andrew Strelzik
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

2 things for me. The first, just in thinking through what off-premise sales could look like in a normal
operating environment, whenever that may be. Can you share where sales were from -- on the off-
premise side in markets where the dine-in recovery maybe was farthest along or anything you've gleaned
from your customer data that's informing your thinking around post-pandemic, off-premise sales?
And then the second question, as you mentioned, adding brands to the portfolio, has -- the COVID
environment either created more or fewer attractive opportunities for acquisitions? Are multiples less or
more of an inhibitor now than they were before? Just any comments around the M&A environment would
be great.

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

Yes. First one on the off-premise capacity. What I would say is it's hard to get your arms around it because
you still have capacity restrictions in your restaurant, if you live in with the 6 feet. So there's still a lot of
people that pull up to our doors that realize that we've got an hour wait and then they transition to an off-
premise experience. So we really don't have a feel for where that's going to level out. And I think I said
last quarter, we actually see a scenario where that could actually fall down to below pre-pandemic levels
once you open up the dining rooms because there'll be less demand for it. And then we believe it will come
back at a higher level than it was pre-pandemic. But we don't have a feel for where that's going to settle
in right now because I think everybody's behavior is just so modified in this environment. I'm really not
going to comment on the M&A environment any further than what I've already said.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Andy Barish with Jefferies.

Andrew Marc Barish
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

A lot of kind of medium and long-term questions. I just wanted to kind of think about the fourth
quarter, given obviously, there's impossible number of variables to try to project at this time. But if the
environment kind of stays the same as it is, I mean, historically, your 4Q has looked a lot like your 3Q, is
that how we should kind of be thinking about things on a high level?

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Andy, our fourth quarter isn't that different than the third quarter. We've got Mother's Day in Q4. So
that's a really big day for us. While it's not as seasonally high as Q3, it's not that different.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Brett Levy with MKM Partners.

Brett Saul Levy
MKM Partners LLC, Research Division

Congratulations to all of the team members who were elevated and all the people who actually helped
them get there. I guess just 1 data question, if you'd be willing to share. And then just a second question
on that. The first is on market share, would you care to share what Olive Garden and LongHorn were

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

ex. And if you had any thoughts on positive units just across those 2 systems? And then just a second
question. We've talked a lot about technology and the people. How are you thinking about the physical
boxes, the existing ones and new ones, with all of these transformative issues that you're dealing with,
whether it's tech or people or just how consumers are looking and some of the structural issues you dealt
with at Olive Garden? How are you thinking about what you need to do to tick your current and your
future boxes?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Brett, we get the share information pretty lagging. So we're usually behind to see what kind of share
we've gained in Olive Garden and LongHorn. So I really can't really comment on that. I would assume
that we've gained share on based on the industry data. I mean, because we're looking at total industry,
so a lot of restaurants shut down. As far as our boxes, and I think the biggest thing that we're looking
at right now, and I mentioned this earlier, is that we believe the off-premise experience will be driven by
curbside, enabled by technology. We were on a pathway in our big brands to -- is really develop space
that's consumer-facing to deal with an off-premise experience where the consumer came into the building
to get it. So now we're really looking at that, and we're trying to develop ways to adapt the current
facilities to make that space nonconsumer facing and closer to the kitchen. So it should actually cost less
longer-term as we make these adjustments. We had just built a new prototype in Orlando for Olive Garden
with a dedicated consumer-facing, off-premise experience, more like a, what I would call a fast casual
type restaurant. And now we've determined that's not necessary. So that's good news on that end. And
so our team is working real hard to figure out what these adjustments will look like. They'll target those
investments in the high-volume, off-premise locations, and they'll react and get that done over the next
couple of years.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of John Ivankoe with JPMorgan.

John William Ivankoe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I don't think this was touched on in any of the questions. But you did mention technology you're making
-- and I think it was field level management, more effective and more efficient. So I wanted to explore
whether that has been fully implemented in the field and the regional manager ranks? And exactly, I
guess, how big that could be? And then secondly, as you do think about repopulating the restaurants, is
there a possibility of changing the mix between manager and hourly employees? Do you think you actually
may have an opportunity to run more efficient restaurants from a managerial perspective as we return
back to normal?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

John, good questions. I think from a technology standpoint, there's nothing we're adding to help our
supervision. We've got some -- we've got management information systems that we've been well-
developed over the years. We continue to evolve those, streamline those, try to get them the most
important information that they need to businesses. I think the biggest challenge there is how to not give
them too much information and paralyze them. And so I think that will be 1 thing that I think Rick will look
at in his new role, especially with his technology background as how to fine-tune that platform to ensure
they're getting the information they need, but not too much information.

As far as the team member management mix, I don't see any game there. We've always been efficient,
maybe more efficient than I think a lot of our competitors are at that level. We use key employees to
supplement -- as a supplement to management, but also as a development program as a gateway into
our management program. So I think we're pretty lean there. And I don't see our technologies going
to change that at all. I mean, I'm always going to want a management person in the business, in the
facility, leading these large groups of people. I think the difference in casual dining. And I think it's 1 of
the reasons why it doesn't franchise all that well that these are complex businesses with lots of team
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

members. And it's -- you're not doing this business over a counter. And the 1 thing that off-premise has
added is added more complexity. As you're dealing with 10 or 12 guests a time in your parking lot as you
bring in the food out. So the business is, in some ways, getting more complex as you're trying to deliver
food through different channels. So I don't see a whole lot of cost savings there.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Gregory Francfort with Bank of America.

Gregory Ryan Francfort
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I'll keep it brief. I just had a follow-up to Palmer's question about the menu. And can you maybe talk
about from 2 quarters ago to today, how your thoughts might have changed on reexpanding the menu?
You shrunk it quite a bit. And I think customers were okay with that. Are they still okay with it? And just
have your thoughts on reexpanding a change at all?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Good question, Greg. I think that obviously, we shrunk it for many reasons, primarily supply chain
and just from a labor productivity standpoint. We've been very judicious as we brought the products
back. We think we -- through our search -- our turf studies, we think that we've satisfied everybody on
the -- any consumer and offer them places that they would want to go eat and eat specific menu. What
we've really focused on is eliminating duplicity. In the menu where you have a menu item, it does the
same thing. I took it, someone else that I think that runs -- has a very broadly appealing menu, but yet
limited number items, you have to go to a Hillstone or Houston's environment where they -- they touch
everything in each category that you might want as a consumer, but they do it with 15 menu items.
And so I think that's what we're trying to do is to ensure that we don't have duplicative. And I think the
example I would use is in LongHorn as an appetizer, you don't need both Wild West shrimp and Calamari.
It's the same consumer that's going to buy the product. And so what we're working on is how do we end
up with the unique product, and a product that you can only get in our restaurant that's very cravable,
and that differentiates you. And having 2 products that do the same thing and one is ubiquitous and one
is differentiated makes no sense to me. And so that's how we're thinking about it. So over time, yes, will it
be a product here in a product there? Yes. But what you have to have is you have to have discipline. And
the discipline is you have to take stuff off. And we haven't demonstrated that as an industry over the last
15 years, and we need to demonstrate that moving forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jared Garber with Goldman Sachs.

Jared Garber
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Congratulations to the team on the respective promotions as well. Just a quick one for me. I wanted to
get an understanding of the potential opportunity in the sort of the family ordering or catering business. Is
that something that over the long term, when things normalize and consumers tend to come back to the
restaurants, is that another business that can be maybe bigger than it was in the past as we think about
consumers maybe adopting more of a -- at-home occasion and in-restaurant dining occasion?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

Yes, we are very strong in that in Olive Garden already. Obviously, we sell [indiscernible] lasagna
[indiscernible] fettuccine. So that's a big part of our business. Where we're seeing some growth right now
is in Cheddar's with that business with family packs. We've also had some success in our upscale brands
being able to sell family packs steaks and sides that you can -- that are -- steaks aren't prepared, but
the sides are prepared and we give the instructions to reheat. And so we're calling family meals or family
packs that are working very well. So I think it's something that we had some penetration in Olive Garden.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

I think it will be bigger on the -- as we move forward, and it's provided us an opportunity in some of our
other businesses to get in that business.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of James Rutherford with Stephens, Inc.

James Paul Rutherford
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Just one quick one for me. Gene, with the technology investments that you all have made around online
ordering and curbside, has your view changed at all in terms of the long-term mix of off-premise, where
perhaps it does end up being a material higher mix longer-term compared to where it was pre pandemic?
Or is the view still this is maybe a slight bump, but not huge, kind of pre- and post pandemic?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think it's a slight bump from pre-pandemic levels. I think that -- I mean, listen, this was a
growing piece of everyone's business as convenience became more and more important. Maybe it's an
opportunity for us to take more share in Olive Garden than I think because the experience is going to be
so frictionless. But we'll get to see what the consumer demand is. What I'm confident in, and especially
on the Olive Garden side and somewhat to Cheddar's, is that we will have -- we will get our share in this
business. We will get our share of the off-premise pie. And I think we'll do a really good job with it, and it
will continue to grow over time.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Brian Vaccaro with Raymond James.

Brian Michael Vaccaro
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Echo the congrats on your promotions. Just 2 quick ones for me. I wanted to circle back on the labor
discussion, and you spoke to some tech investments. And I'm curious what role you think server
handhelds could play in the coming years with Florida and others potentially moving towards the path to
15? Or perhaps there are other adjustments in the service model that you could see maybe implementing
while protecting the guest experience? Just curious to get your thoughts there.

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'm not a big believer in trying to gain too much efficiency on the service side. I mean, I think every
time you say you're going to gain efficiency there, you're really saying you're going to cut service. And
we are a full service restaurant. So when I think about the handhelds and technology for the servers, I'm
thinking more about speed of service for our guests than saving money. I just -- I've been doing this a
long time, and I'm just -- every time I've tried to increase the efficiency in that part of the restaurant. It
doesn't end well for me. And so I'm committed to keeping the service levels up. I think service is a big
part of the value equation. That's a differentiator when you come into our restaurant versus going to a fast
casual or fast food is we got to provide a service. And there's a level that you're going to -- you don't want
to get to that minimum level. You want to do it better than your competitors and you want to earn your
business that way. So I see the technology solution more as a benefit to the consumer, not a benefit to us
from a cost standpoint.

Brian Michael Vaccaro
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Understood. All right. That's helpful. And then shifting gears quickly on the store margins. Rick, could you
provide a little more perspective on the other OpEx line, some more specifics on costs that are starting to
normalize versus the lower spend levels in your fiscal Q2? And it looks like your guidance for Q3 embed

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

store margins that are in the ballpark of Q2. I know you mentioned emergency pay, but are there other
changing cost dynamics that we should be mindful of, specifically in Q3 versus Q2?

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Brian. The one cost that will continue to go up is repairs to maintenance. As I mentioned, when we
have dinings closed, we don't have as much beating of our dining rooms. And so we have -- we'll have
R&M start to tick up, and it already started to tick up in Q2 as dining rooms reopen. It also gives us the
time to actually do some of that repair and maintenance while the dining rooms are closed. So we will
have some of that coming up. Utilities go up as your dining room is open, and you've got more utilities
going that way. But again, that's all contemplated in everything that we have in our guidance.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jake Bartlett with Truist Securities.

Jake Rowland Bartlett
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Also congratulations to all. My first 1 is a quick 1 on LTOs and marketing. You mentioned that your
marketing dollars would largely recover post-COVID. Do you expect to go back to the same sort of
cadence you had on LTOs? Or are you rethinking your promotional strategy longer term?

Eugene I. Lee
President, CEO & Director

We're totally rethinking our promotional strategy and how to effectively use that. There was a lot of good
in what we did, and we've realized there was a lot of bad in what we did. And there's a lot of activity that
goes into those. And as we evaluate that after the fact, we believe there's a better way to do that. It
doesn't mean that we're not going to do LTOs. But we've been out of them -- we were out of LTOs and
LongHorn for almost 2 years pre-pandemic. And we have been able to make that adjustment. As we look
at Olive Garden, we'll continue to try to figure out what's the best way to use our scale advantage and
market that business effectively, but also considering, do we need to do 6 LTOs a year? Or are there other
ways to do that more effectively?

Jake Rowland Bartlett
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then my second and last question is, you talked about improvements to the business and kind
of coming out of COVID, I think it was a better business model. How do you think about -- or I don't know
if you're ready yet to talk about it, but how do you think about the long-term growth algorithm that you've
talked about in the past as it pertains to unit growth or maybe margin expansion opportunities? Are we
still kind of thinking the 7% to 10% EBIT growth? Or you think we should think about that differently
longer term?

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Jake, this is Rick. I think as you think about our long term framework, we haven't adjusted our long-
term framework. So as of now, we still believe we can get to those numbers over the long run. But as
we've always said, any 1 year could be above or below that. And so I would hope that FY '22 would be
above that. Because of where we were in FY '21, but we -- in FY '21, we're going to be below it. So in the
long run, which is what we talk about to all of our investors and to all of you, we believe we can hit our
long-term framework. And I will remind everybody that we've been a public company since 1995. We've
never had a 10-year period where our average annual TSR has been below 10%. And even when we --
a fiscal period. So even last year, when we had the worst fourth quarter, I think, of any industry and of
anyone, at least for us, we still had a 10-year TSR of over 10% on average.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

Our next question comes from the line of Priya Ohri-Gupta with Barclays.

Priya Joy Ohri-Gupta
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. Let me just add my congrats to the 3 of you as well. I was just curious if you could give us some
thoughts around how you're broadly thinking about the dividend. I know you mentioned sort of 50%
payout relative to the quarter's EPS, but just in light of the upcoming guidance and some of the continued
volatility that we're seeing in the external environment, how should we anticipate the dividend sort of
progressing going forward?

Ricardo Cardenas
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Priya. We know that dividends are important to our shareholders. We also know that the dividend
policy is important to our bondholders. And as you think about our dividend and what we do, we typically
set it within our long-term framework of 50% to 60% of our our earnings. And the quarter that we just
ended was at the low end of that at 50%. We're going to continue to work with the Board on what our
dividend is going forward. But going further than this quarter, it's kind of hard for me to say because the
Board is the 1 that decides the dividend. But we did contemplate what we think our guidance was in Q3
when we set our dividend in Q2. So we always look forward to see what we think our cash flows are going
to be to ensure that the dividend is safe. And so that's why we set the dividend at $0.37 this quarter.

Operator

And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's Q&A session for the call. I would like to turn it back over
to Mr. Kalicak.

Kevin Kalicak
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Analysis

Thank you, everyone, for participating. That concludes our call for today. I'd like to remind you that we
plan to release third quarter results on Thursday, March 25, before the market opens with the conference
call to follow. Thank you, and happy holidays.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 18, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

27

