DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. NasdaqGS:XRAY
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, May 08, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.39

Revenue  (mm)

873.00

0.43

874.30

10.26

0.15

0.16

1.72

2.68

649.88

3492.36

4040.74

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-08-2020 12:41 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.62

0.50

0.75

0.39

0.66

0.57

0.73

0.43

6.45 %

14.00 %

(2.67 %)

10.26 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

John Sweeney
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Brandon Couillard
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Yi Chen
H.C. Wainwright & Co, LLC,
Research Division

Erin Elizabeth Wilson Wright
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Glen Joseph Santangelo
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q1 2020 Dentsply Sirona Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for this conference call,
Mr. John Sweeney. You may begin.

John Sweeney
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2020 earnings conference
call. I'd like to remind you that an earnings call press release and slide presentation related to the call are
available on our website at www.dentsplysirona.com.

Before we begin, please take a moment to read the forward-looking statements in our earnings press
release. During today's call, we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views
about future performance and financial results. We base these statements and certain assumptions and
expectations of future events that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our most recent Form 10-K lists
some of the most important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our predictions.

And with that, I'd now like to turn the program over to Don Casey, Chief Executive Officer, Dentsply
Sirona.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Thank you, John, and thank all of you for joining us on the call today. We hope you and your families
remain safe and healthy.

Before we begin discussing our business results for the quarter, I wanted to express our gratitude to
all the frontline health care workers who have been so important in dealing with this unprecedented
challenge. This, of course, includes dentists, who have continued to provide emergency services for people
throughout the world during this global health care pandemic. Their commitment to patients and their
safety is an inspiration to all of us at Dentsply Sirona.

Typically, this call would focus on first quarter results and outlook. Given the current circumstances we are
operating under, Jorge and I will spend most of the time outlining our action plan over the short term and,
importantly, the steps we are taking to better position the company for the long term.

The first quarter got off to a solid start. Our efforts to accelerate new products while delivering against our
restructuring objectives drove solid performance in January and February. These results were in line with
our previous expectations. As we discussed in the Q4 call, we anticipated a negative impact in the first
quarter due to the COVID-19 related issues that we were seeing at the time, primarily in Asia Pacific. In
mid-March, the COVID-19 response expanded throughout Europe and North America, causing a significant
change in the business environment that impacted Q1 results.

Across the world, government actions resulted in most dental practices being either shut down or limited
to emergency procedures only. Patient flow was also limited by restrictions designed to slow the pandemic.
During all of this, I would note that our Wellspect HealthCare business was unimpacted by the disruption
we saw in the down markets.

At Dentsply Sirona, we moved quickly to address 5 key priorities. The first was ensuring the safety of our
employees. The second was to be able to continue to deliver a high level of customer service and look to
new ways to stay connected with our customers. The third priority was to improve our liquidity position.
The fourth, the company took aggressive actions to control both SG&A and supply chain cost to match the
changing market conditions. Our final priority was to identify and continue driving on the critical strategic
initiatives that will position Dentsply Sirona for the future.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

We believe that our quick actions have been effective and will form the basis for recovery when the market
improves. The trajectory of the recovery is still not very clear at this point in time as different regions and
countries have taken a variety of approaches to managing both the shutdown as well as the reopening.
We believe that the restart will be a gradual process as dentist office adapt to the new environment and
patient confidence in visiting dental offices increase. Longer term, we are confident that the attractive
market dynamics in the dental industry remain. Furthermore, Dentsply Sirona's financial strength, broad
portfolio and global reach give us confidence that we have a solid position that will enable the company to
succeed in the future.

Moving now to Slide 8. First quarter revenues were $874 million, down 7.6% and down 4.3% on an
organic basis as the impact of the coronavirus expanded beyond Asia Pacific and into North America and
Europe. Adjusted operating income margin came in at 14.9%, down 50 basis points versus prior year,
reflecting the lower level of sales in March. Non-GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.43, down 12.2% versus
prior year, and operating cash flow was an outflow of $10.7 million.

I will now turn the call over to Jorge, who will review the quarter.

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Don, and good morning. I hope everyone is doing well and staying safe. These are obviously
unusual times. Today, we will try to offer as much data and color as we have about Q1 and current trends.
But as you can imagine, there are more limitations than normal in trying to predict future trends within a
reasonable range. Although we are beginning to see signs of economic reactivation in a few geographies,
we're still experiencing a great deal of uncertainty with regards to the pace of recovery for the rest of the
year. I will start with the results for the quarter, and then I will share details regarding the actions we have
taken to navigate the current market conditions and ensure that we remain adaptive and ready to mobilize
the enterprise to meet both short term and long-term goals.

On Slide 10, we show our first quarter 2020 P&L. Overall results were in line with our expectations.
Beginning with the top line, organic revenue was down 4.3% versus last year. Technology and equipment
organic sales grew 4.8% and the consumable business declined 15.2%. Foreign exchange represented a
headwind of approximately 1.9% in the quarter, mainly due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative
to the euro.

Gross profit was $498.1 million or 57% of sales, down 10 basis points as compared to the prior year
quarter. The main driver of this decline was negative manufacturing cost absorption due to COVID-19
related lower level of sales.

SG&A of $367.4 million represent an improvement of 6.9% as compared to prior year. This improvement
was driven primarily by restructuring cost-saving measures, timing of the biannual International Dental
Show in 2019 and the rapid response we implemented to match our spending with revenue trends in line
of the current market slowdown.

SG&A as a percent of sales was 42%, up 30 basis points as compared to the first quarter of 2019. The
rate increase was mostly related to a lower top line base this year. Operating income declined 10.2% to
$130.7 million. The tax rate in the first quarter was 24.4%, up 40 basis points as compared to prior year
due to income mix variances. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.43, down 12.2% versus the prior year quarter.

One final note on the consolidated P&L for the first quarter. The GAAP operating loss of $139.9 million was
driven by a noncash goodwill impairment of $156.6 million and an intangible impairment of $38.7 million.
The impairment was the result from new demand projections for the equipment and instruments reporting
unit due to the ongoing COVID-19 impact on customer demand.

Moving on to Slide 11, where we review our first quarter Consumables segment performance. Reported
sales were $354 million, down 16.8%, and organic sales were down 15.2%. Our Consumables business
was tracking in line with our expectations for the first 2 months of the quarter, but then it declined
significantly in all regions in March as the impact from COVID-19 began to reach material levels. All of our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

product groups in Consumables were negatively impacted by the temporary closure of offices, resulting
from either government or health care policy related guidelines.

Consumables operating income margin was 17.4% in the quarter, down from just under 25% last year.
The decline in margin was the result of lower volume and unfavorable absorption costs, partially offset by
the positive impact of our cost-reduction measures, including COVID-19 related actions.

On Slide 12, we highlight our technologies and equipment first quarter performance. Net sales were
$520.3 million, down 10 basis points as compared to prior year. Organic sales for the quarter were 4.8%
higher than last year. This increase was driven primarily by digital dentistry, boosted by strong sales of
our new products, Primescan and Primemill. The health care business saw strong growth in the quarter as
demand for Wellspect medical supplies maintained a positive trajectory throughout the entire quarter.

Other areas in Technologies & Equipment, including implants, experienced lower sales versus last year, a
result of the lower demand environment due to COVID-19 pandemic. Technologies & Equipment operating
income margin was 21.4%, up 760 basis points as compared to the prior year. This improvement
was driven by favorable product mix due to higher volume in CAD/CAM products and productivity
improvements, partially offset by the impact of lost volume due to COVID-19.

On Slide 13, we show our business performance for the first quarter on a regional basis. U.S. sales of
$301 million declined 4.1% compared to the prior year. This represent a decline in organic sales of 1.2%.
In the U.S. market, we experienced growth in Technologies & Equipment, which was more than offset by
the decline in organic sales in the consumables segment.

European sales were $373 million, down 5.7% compared to the prior year. Organic sales were down
2%. Technologies & Equipment posted organic sales growth, while Consumables sales were down in the
quarter.

Rest of the World sales were $201 million, down 15.3%, and organic sales were down 12%. From a
product perspective, T&E sales grew and consumable sales declined in the first quarter.

On Slide 14, we show our cash flow performance. In the first quarter of 2020, cash flow from operations
was a use of $10.7 million as compared to cash flow generation of $29.3 million in the prior year quarter.
This performance was driven by a lower level of sales and a higher level of investment in working capital.

In terms of capital expenditures, we spent $25.6 million in the first quarter, down as compared to $33.9
million last year. As a result of the impact of COVID-19 on our normal operating cadence, we expect
capital expenditure this year to be lower than we had anticipated in our planning process. Having said
that, we continue to execute on our key projects. We will ramp back up to normal levels as soon as
appropriate. Given the current circumstances, it is unlikely we will spend our targeted amount of $140
million to $150 million in fiscal year 2020.

Free cash flow was an outflow of $36.3 million in the first quarter as compared to an outflow of $4.6
million in the prior year. We returned a total $162.1 million to shareholders during the quarter, including
dividends of $22.1 million and share repurchases of $140 million.

Let's go now to Slide 15, where I'll talk about some of the initiatives we have implemented to ensure
that our balance sheet and liquidity remains strong throughout this cycle. First, let me highlight that the
global nature of our business provides a natural hedge to market disruptions as they cycle through regions
around the world. Additionally, our Wellspect HealthCare business fared well as demand patterns in that
space did not follow the dynamic experience in dental during the first quarter.

In response to the economic situation and the related lower dental demand environment, we implemented
a set of actions, including the following. We began by adjusting production output, and we reduced spend
temporarily in many areas. While our goal is to match fluctuations in demand and cost reductions, it is
hard to do it immediately, given the high velocity of revenue decline we experienced in late March, early
April. We also moved quickly on various finance initiatives to enhance our liquidity and ensure the funding
of the strategic projects. We added $354 million in committed lines of credit, including our credit revolving
facility of $700 million and cash on hand. This brings our total available liquidity to $1.3 billion.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

As part of our overall liquidity strategy, we also decided to draw down $700 million from our credit lines.
We have no immediate need for this cash. The drawdown is entirely a function of our risk management
plan, given the uncertain macroeconomic environment. In addition to committed lines of credit, our
investment-grade rating gives us the ability to tap into the capital markets for long-term funding, if we so
choose.

With respect to business trends for the remainder of the year, I'd like to make a few comments. First, let
me start with current volume trends. While we see positive signs of reactivation in the dental space in
certain regions, sales trends in the second quarter remain substantially lower when compared to last year
and precrisis levels. In the U.S. and Europe, with some minor exceptions, dental practices limited their
activity to emergency procedures.

Consistent with all our data published in the category, at least initially in the North America and EMEA
regions, we are seeing volume of 60% to 80% for the month, depending on the region. In the U.S.,
COVID-19 really began to impact dental offices in mid- to late March. As a result of the implementation of
several social distancing guidelines, we saw a sharp drop-off in patient traffic, which persisted through the
end of the quarter and into April. In the last week or so, states have begun to allow offices to open and
conduct nonemergency procedures. However, there are still many gating factors, including the availability
of personal protection equipment, overlapping regulations and association recommendations and patients'
willingness to go back to the dentist.

In Europe, each market behaved slightly differently through the course of the pandemic. For example,
Italy and Spain were impacted earlier and more severely than others. In Germany, dental offices generally
remained open. However, we did see a fall-off in patient traffic and associated revenues across all Europe
in April.

With regards to other geographies, we are beginning to see some signs of recovery. On our last earnings
call, we said that we had an exposure of approximately $60 million to $70 million in sales in China, Japan,
Korea and Taiwan stemming from coronavirus. Since then, the dental market in China has played out
pretty much as we anticipated. It is a slow road back, but China is now tracking a lot better than what we
saw in January and February.

Japan did a little bit better than expected. Most dental offices in Japan remained open, but patient traffic is
low. My sense is that Rest of the World generally appears to be further along in the process than the U.S.
and Europe. But let's remember that this region represents approximately 20% of our revenue base.

Last point I want to highlight regarding trends is that in light of the economic and business uncertainties
caused by COVID-19, we're not in a position to produce reliable updates to guidance at this time. In
closing, we believe that the financial strength of Dentsply Sirona at the onset of this crisis, combined with
the operational, financial and strategic actions we have taken so far, position us well to remain the partner
of choice that our customers need in this difficult economic environment.

With that, I will now turn the call back to Don.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Thank you, Jorge. And now moving to Slide 17. Earlier, I mentioned our 5 priorities in the current
slowdown. These are our employees, our customers, our financial strength, the cost-containment actions
we have taken and continued moving on our strategic priorities.

On Slide 18, our first priority was to ensure the safety of our employees. We have a comprehensive
program around safety in our sites. We have eliminated travel and meetings and have looked to many
of our employees working from home. We have taken precautions at sites that are still operating and
have adjusted policies that allow us to identify risks and help manage through them. To date, we have
been fortunate that the number of employees infected has remained low, due principally to the rapid and
comprehensive measures we have implemented to ensure effective infection prevention processes in every
workplace. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank the entire Dentsply Sirona organization for

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

their superb work during this pandemic. They have remained customer-focused, resilient and positive the
entire time.

Our second priority is maintaining our strong relationship with our customers. During these challenging
times, dentists are looking for organizations that are able to partner with them and assist in riding out the
storm. We have responded by remaining open for business and ensure that our systems and infrastructure
have been able to meet customer demand, despite the fact that we significantly reduced our supply chain
activity. Our technical service function has remained open throughout the pandemic in order to address
customer needs around the world.

We have also worked hard to stay close to our customers. We have focused aggressively on the virtual
world and to date have been remarkably successful in doing so. During the month of April, in the U.S., the
Dentsply Sirona Academy website offered 81 courses with over 33,000 attendees. We saw similar success
in Europe, and in particular in China, where we were able to host 66 live webinars that generated over
650,000 views. All these efforts created an important touch point and serve to reinforce Dentsply Sirona's
leadership in clinical education.

Jorge also described the actions we quickly took around liquidity and cost containment. During this period,
we also focused on making progress on the strategic initiatives that will best position Dentsply Sirona
for the long term. These include delivering on our new product portfolio, pushing hard to advance digital
dentistry and building relationship with our customers.

Looking to the future, while it's hard to predict the exact shape of the recovery, we believe that the
long-term fundamentals of the dental market remain positive. Short term, we are thinking about the
recovery in stages. Those stages include emergency procedures only. Resumption of elective procedures.
Addressing the backlog of postponed elective procedures. And then ultimately the resumption of normal
services. The speed of that recovery will be based on both the opening of dental practices and how quickly
patients can regain their confidence.

We are optimistic that dental practices will be able to adapt to the new environment. Dentists have always
put patient safety first. For decades, dentists have been intensely focused on infection control, and we
are confident they will adjust to the new circumstances quickly. We are already seeing the ADA and other
dental associations around the world or protocols and guidelines that will facilitate a safe reopening.
Initiatives like waiting-room management, conspicuous cleaning, all staff wearing PPE at all times and
using questionnaires to highlight risk will help engender patient confidence. Dentsply Sirona is working
with dentists everywhere to assist them with their individual infection control needs and requirements as
well as communicating to their patients.

I mentioned earlier that we are starting to see signs of a recovery in countries that first saw the pandemic.
So those signs show us a few things that offices will reopen but takes a little bit longer for patient traffic
to recover. In fact, we believe that the recovery in patient confidence will be the key to the speed of
the overall recovery. Our expectations are that the more functional procedures return faster. Things like
restorations and endodontic procedures will lead. We expect implants and ortho, which tend to be more
elective, to come back a bit more slowly.

On equipment, the logical expectation is that capital spending would be reduced. But our digital products
are really transformative from a workflow and practice economic perspective. So we expect to have an
opportunity to continue driving our equipment business. From a regional perspective, Asia Pacific is further
along in the recovery process. And as states and countries open, we expect that both North America and
Europe will see a measured return.

As Jorge indicated at this point, it is difficult to reliably predict the next few quarters. In conclusion, these
are unprecedented times for all of us. Dentsply Sirona has taken rapid action around our employee safety,
enhancing our relationships with our customers, improving our liquidity while executing a broad program
around cost containment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

During this period, the company will continue driving against our major strategic priorities. While we are
starting to see improvement in some countries that have begun to reopen, the recovery is expected to be
a slow process.

Long term, the fundamentals of the dental market are sound, and Dentsply Sirona has the financial
strength, product portfolio and the global reach to allow us to succeed and win in the future. We hope you
remain safe and healthy.
And with that, we will turn it over to questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John Block with Stifel.

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Jorge, I'll start with you. I guess the last call, you gave some really helpful color on decremental margins
specific to the 1Q loss revenue on APAC, and I get it, things are moving around very quickly. But as you sit
here today, after some of the initiatives you put in place, is there any color that you're able to give on the
decremental margins as we start thinking about things for 2Q, 3Q?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks for the question. As both Don and I indicated, at this point, it's very, very difficult to provide any
sort of guidance for the next few quarters. What I can tell you is if you look at the numbers for Q1, we
came in very much as we were expecting, and we were able to take up some actions to try to protect our
margins despite the rapid decline in revenue.

But as you can imagine, it's really hard to match those two, revenue decline and cost, at the same time to
match them in the short term. We will continue to do as much work as we can. We are -- as Don indicated
and I indicated some of the actions we are taking and we'll try to balance our margins into the future as
much as we can. But at this point, given all the uncertainty, it's hard for me to tell you where we think
we're going to be in Q2 or Q3.

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. Fair enough. And then, Don, for you, a lot of helpful color on what you think is coming back quicker,
what procedures you think are coming back quicker than others, but can I push in any granularity from a
geographic standpoint? In other words, any data on what China looked like in the month of April versus
January or what Germany looks like versus Italy? Anything that you might be able to pass along as we try
to think about some of the leading indicators coming out of this.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. John, thanks for the question. I hope you're safe and healthy. I think Jorge kind of gave you a bracket
on what we think the globe looks like. And obviously, there's countries that are higher in that and lower. I
mean if you look at Italy and Spain, they've been shut down and they're shut down hard. Obviously, Asia
Pacific is opening up. We're starting to see stuff in the U.S. open up. But there's 2 things, John, maybe
that will give you a little help. I suspect we're going to get questions about why did Consumables seem to
come down faster in the Q than what we saw in Technology & Equipment. And I would tell you some of the
stuff that we see is, there's a difference between retail and wholesale. Well, interestingly, when you begin
to see start up, you might see a reverse of that trend where the things that they stop buying very, very
quickly are the things they're short on. So that's the first thing that we see.

The second point that we were trying to make is, I think, a lot of the discussion has been about what
dental offices are open, check one. And then check two is, where are they in terms of emergency
procedures versus moving into more elective procedures. And I actually think there's a variable that -- and
this is the one we're having the toughest time with is how fast do patients come back? Because what we
are seeing in Asia Pacific that the offices open faster than patient traffic returns. So the conversation, in
our mind, has to be -- and it's numbers we're starting to really work and track is, okay, the office is open,
how are they operating as a percent of normal? Are they operating at 20%, 50%, 100%? And for us, it's

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

really been a -- become a function of by country tracking actually utilization versus offices open. So in our
mind, that's something that we're all going to have to track and get a little bit more sophisticated around.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steven Valiquette with Barclays.

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Let's go to --

John Sweeney
Vice President of Investor Relations

Let's go to the next question, please, Kevin. We'll get...

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

We'll get Steve back in the queue.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Don, how are you thinking about CapEx once practices resume? Obviously, a lot of dentists are individual
practitioners with high fixed costs, they're feeling the economic pain. So I'm curious if you can touch
on their appetite for CapEx. We also did have one of your competitors talk about increased interest in
intraoral scanners as a way to reduce the risk of infections versus impressions. So I'm curious if you're
seeing any evidence of that? And then ultimately, what does this do to your relationship with DSOs? How
involved have they been in the middle of the pandemic?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Tycho. It is interesting as it's almost counterintuitive where you'd sit there and say, okay,
challenging economic times, the dentists are going to cut their capital spending back, not what we've
actually seen in terms of interest. And we can track a couple of things by region. What are people looking
at in our online things, where have we been successful creating one-on-one sales pitches, if you will, that
are done virtually. And it's all been around Technology & Equipment. And it's -- I'm not going to come out
and say I think Technology & Equipment is going to lead, but I -- what we've been encouraged with so far
right now is that the interest in digital production, if you will, and intraoral scanners is a great example.
It's just a real game changer from an economic perspective.

And I think -- I don't know if we want to refer to this as a pause, a time off or whatnot, what we have
seen is dentists have really been thoughtful about, okay, I've had 4 weeks, 6 weeks to work with my
staff to think about what should my practice be when we return. And I'll tell you, Tycho, the interest in
digitizing the office has become a topic that after infection control it's actually the second most popular
topic that we're seeing by country. And the -- if you really go through it, if you're going to do impression
material and then you're going to send that to a lab, you're potentially looking at a procedure that has 2
or 3 interactions with the patient versus chairside, which is basically one. You come in, you get scanned
and you leave with a crown, and the economics and the workflow productivity are really important. So I'm
not trying to be deliberately dense, but I do think it's counterintuitive, but we're pretty optimistic about
how our Technology & Equipment group will perform versus what I think expectation is.

Tycho W. Peterson
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

And maybe a follow up on the productivity. We have heard the guidelines, the CDC guidelines and
otherwise, have really impacted practice efficiency. I think in some areas down 20%, 30% in terms of the
number of patients that can be seen. How much of an issue is that from your customers? And then you
mentioned the volumes of 60% to 90% in April. Can you just give some geographic color? Is that a U.S.
comment?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

I'll answer the first question -- the second question first. I actually think -- I think we said 60% to 80%,
and that's a global comment, as part one. And then the CDC guidelines, Tycho, you almost have to look
at there's -- at least in North America, there's 3 sets of guidelines. There's the OSHA guidelines, the CDC,
and then there's ADA recommendations. And right now, I don't think we reliably know what the ultimate
impact on productivity is going to be just because I think people are getting used to it. We've been talking
to dentists. And literally, we talk to -- I was with a group of about 1,300, yesterday. I think they're getting
used to it. I don't view the change in what workflow will look like as a permanent decrease in the amount
of patients. What the dentists are telling us is -- and most of them have only been open for a week or 2,
they've got to do a couple of things I mean first is, how do you do waiting room management, whether it's
having people wait in cars and they get text when they come in. How do they perform the questionnaires,
the questionnaire done in the office or not? And then there's a whole discussion about cleaning, and what
is conspicuous cleaning and infection protocols look like. I think ultimately dentists have been -- if you
go all the way back to, like, HIV, AIDS, and if you look at when hepatitis became an issue, dentists have
gotten pretty good infection protocol. They'll adapt. I don't look at the current changes as permanent
decrements in the capacity, if you will, of the dental offices.

And then on the DSOs, it's really interesting. The DSOs, I think, have been taking a very measured
response. We're going to open -- if you look at the big 3 and even if you kind of go to the kind of the
second size, kind of, the 50 to 100, they've been pretty cautious. We're going to do emergency procedures
only, and then we're going to open it up right now. They really haven't opened up like hygiene, if you will.
There's been a lot of discussion about ultrasonic root planing and production of aerosols. And then as a
result I think they're going to gradually bring the hygienist back, and they'll focus on mechanical scaling
and root planing. But our conversations with all of them have been, hey, look, it's going to be a gradual
return, it'll start with emergencies. We'll get into critical elective procedures, root canals and things like
that. They'll bring hygienist back. They're optimistic that they'll be able to bring hygienist back in the
summer, and they'll just do it step-wise.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Cherny with Bank of America.

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Don, I wanted to pick on the equipment question a little bit. In terms of the goodwill impairment, you said
it was tied to readjusting, reassessing for the level of demand. What was the process you went through in
terms of looking through and risk weighting the order book in terms of the decision to take that approach?
Now clearly, in another words, all your comments seem to think that there is some level of temporary
nature to this. Who knows how long the temporary nature will be, but in terms of that impairment, can
you just walk us through a little bit more what the thought process was behind what you saw across your
book of business to get there?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Michael, this is Jorge. Let me take that question. So every quarter, companies have to go through an
analysis of their entire balance sheets. And so this quarter, we follow the normal process. And when you
look at the asset value or the value of all of your reporting units, some units have more headroom than
others with respect to goodwill and intangibles and so forth. And when we did our normal process in this
quarter, one of the reporting units that historically had a smaller headroom as we did some sensitivity
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

analysis and look at probabilities of outcomes for the foreseeable future, we concluded that one specific
reporting unit, Equipment & Instruments, this is not the digital aspect of our business, there's not CAD/
CAM is on the Equipment & Instruments piece, we concluded that based on our sensitivity analysis, a
potential range of outcomes for the future, it was prudent, and we had to adjust our carrying value for
that specific unit. And that's how we came to this conclusion.

I don't think it's a result of any significant change to our views of equipment in general for the future. It's
very specific to one reporting unit and is a result of many scenario analysis and sensitivity analysis that we
did.

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just one quick additional question. How do you think about the value of something like One DS and the
rollout you have of that program against the backdrop of this current demand pause? And how does it look
coming out on the other side?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. Mike, it's been very interesting that -- originally, we thought, okay, our sales guys aren't going to be
able to talk to dentists and dentists are going to forget about things like One DS. And it's been the exact
opposite. Our average call per day in Europe and average calls per day in North America have actually
increased because there's not a lot of windshield time. And then the number one thing out of the bag
right now and talking to them, "Hey doc, have you signed up for One DS.?"And if they had, this is where
you are. And hey, as we think about reopening in May or June or July, this is the easiest way for you to
maximize One DS.

So I was lucky enough to have a conversation with most of our U.S. sales leaders last week. And they
feel that there's an excellent level of awareness of One DS and the idea of starting up, restarting is an
opportunity for them to -- again, we take advantage of what's a terrific program. And again, Michael,
just -- I think there was a -- I remember, we were Midwinter having a lot of conversations about One DS.
Again, we're not asking people to purchase incremental to what they normally purchase. We're just asking
them to switch what they purchase to Dentsply Sirona. And that's going to give them a real opportunity
for meaningful discounts on the equipment side of the business. And we've been -- again, we've been
having a lot of what we think are pretty positive conversations around equipment. So we -- again, we
think our strategy is right. We're obviously adopting the message to be a little bit more focused on like the
restart. But we think we've got some pretty good tools in place around office productivity and things like
One DS to let people start-up.

Operator

Our next question comes from Erin Wright with Crédit Suisse.

Erin Elizabeth Wilson Wright
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So two-part questions. So one, can you remind us your experience during the most recent recessionary
environment and how this may or may not play out differently in your view? And then in states, for
instance, like Texas and others that have started to open up at limited capacity, I guess, are you actually
seeing the processes open? Are they waiting to feel more comfortable? Are they waiting for sufficient
PPE supply? What percent of dental practices are actually still closed in the U.S.? And looking at the
employment numbers this morning, I mean, dental practices were obviously an area of under pressure,
how realistic is it that things can really recover this year?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Erin, it's interesting. If you go back to 2008, and we've done it, our business is a little bit different. You
kind of had Sirona at the time, which is very early. So they were growing very rapidly. We've looked at

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

the total equipment market. And basically, what our experience was that as long as we stayed focused on
productivity, we didn't see a real drop-off in technology and equipment.

On the Consumable side, Erin, and again, I'm not the greatest historian, but we've been doing a lot of
work going back and looking at that. And actually, the nice thing about part of the Dentsply's history is
we can go back to 2001 as well. Typically, what we see is that with the unemployment numbers, you're
obviously heading to a recession, people actually use their health benefits, whether it's COBRA that keeps
people around for 12 to 18 months. People recognize that they may be entering a time period where
there's not benefits, and they tend to use their benefits up. So our experience says that dental actually
lags the economic news in terms of it doesn't -- we don't see an immediate decrement. But on the same
side, on the backside of a recovery, we recover a little bit slower because you've got to get people back in
jobs to get their benefits.

In terms of Texas, and obviously, we're tracking stuff by state. And without giving you too much
specificity, the offices are opening. I mean the dentist will tell you that they're opening. We don't have
exact numbers by the exact state. That's a representative sample. But what we see is that the dentists --
they open, the offices haven't been opened in 4 to 6 weeks, so there's almost a cleaning out. They have
to retool their -- what the dentists have been telling us, they have to retool their waiting room because
there's got to be social distancing, stuff like magazines and all the stuff in waiting rooms have to be taken
out. They have to put, where you go out and you pay, they've got to be installing shields and whatnot. So
they're opening and they're actually doing a lot of adjusting, if you will.

But then, Erin, what we've seen in Asia Pacific, which is starting to be echoed and what we're hearing
from the U.S. dentists, the offices will open faster than patient traffic returns to normal. Everybody we've
talked to said they don't have as much PPE as they would like, but it's getting better every day. And our
discussions with our distributors say that as we get into the summer, they should be able to manage that.
So adding that all up, you sit there and you say, the offices will open, the PPE situation is, we think, a
short-term issue that's not going to really result in slowing of traffic. And it's going to be much more a
variable of when patients return to the full norm. And then, look, we saw the jobs report and obviously
it should be concerning to all of us. Our sense of it is that, again, history would tell us that we're a lag in
terms of people who tend to use their health care benefits. And then, obviously, when we come out of it,
we come out a little bit slower. So I hope that's helpful.

Operator

Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson, Evercore.

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I was just wondering if you guys are seeing anything in terms of, like, changes in payment terms or
discounts from customers, either requesting or you guys are offering that?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Elizabeth, I'll take that one and if Jorge needs to answer any color. Look, we're working with our dealer
partners all around the world to help the dentists. We're putting programs together, and we will put
programs together as things open up. But in terms of a lot of changes in payment terms that we're seeing
or impact on our AR, to date, we haven't seen it, and it's an area of focus for us. Over time, will that
change? It may. But ultimately, right now, we feel pretty good about it. We are putting programs in place.
It would be, if we do offer extended terms or whatnot, that would be self-paying because we would take
that out of -- if that's a marketing charge, we would just cut another marketing program. I don't know
what you want to add, Jorge.

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

No. I would say, in this type of circumstances, it's not unreasonable to expect that there will be some
[ aging ] of receivables. We are working very, very closely with all of our customers and having good
conversations. And as Don indicated, so far, we haven't seen a big impact. But some of that will happen
over time. And -- but I think the trends are good so far.

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. And just, sort of, a bigger picture question. I mean you guys are obviously one of the dominant
player in the manufacturing industry, which is generally very fragmented. How do you see over the longer
term the possible change in competitive situation shaping out?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

It's interesting. We've been asked a lot about, like, is this going to accelerate consolidation, whether it's
the DSO side or manufacturing side. Ultimately, we think the trends that had been going on, Elizabeth, are
going to continue. I think this dislocation is really going to probably accelerate things. Again, I think some
of the smaller companies without as big a balance sheet may be pressed a lot harder than we're being.
But we look it as an opportunity. We think the consolidation is going to accelerate, and we think we should
be a net winner in that situation.

John Sweeney
Vice President of Investor Relations

I'd just ask everybody to mute, if you're not talking at this time.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Thanks, Liz. Liz, it might be the last fun thing, Midwinter, when we got to see a bunch of you guys, last big
dental show before everything shut down.

Operator

Next question comes from Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Don, sorry to go back to the April comments, but I'd been curious to know how Consumables versus
Technology kind of trended in April relative to that 60% to 80%? Did you kind of see similar trends in both
segments or was one hold up better than the other?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Nate, hope you're doing well. In April, they performed about the same. There's 2 things I would point out,
though, and we tried to give you a little bit of color. If you look at how the quarter finished and if you look
at there's a change in how Consumables perform versus Technology & Equipment, actually, the quarter
numbers on T&E were actually pretty good. Basically, there's a lag effect between what goes on at retail
and how wholesale manages that. So we think you saw Consumables get pulled down because that's the
lever that the dentists pull the fastest. And obviously, our dealer partners could react to that. But what
we're seeing is as countries start up, and we've seen this in Asia Pacific and other stuff, you see a reverse
of that. So you would see things they didn't order as they were shutting down or things they need to open
up. So over a longer period of time, we don't think there's a change in trend. We think there may be a
change in timing around Consumables decrement and how fast Consumables will come back up. And then,
again, in April, on a global basis, they performed pretty similarly. There was not a big change, which we
actually are a little bit optimistic about because we're seeing capital expenditures in places that were not
disrupted.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Okay. Great. And then looking at those stages of recovery that you outlined, I appreciate there's a lot of
uncertainty, but do you have a sense of how long it could take to kind of progress through those stages?
And is that something that we could see be a bit more gradual and potentially extend into next year?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

It's a hard question to answer. I mean could it extend into next year? Yes. It could extend into next year.

I think the only thing we were trying to do with the stages, and we -- as we sit inside, what are we trying
to do? And look, we said, let's take care of our patients. Let's make sure we're talking to our customers.
Jorge said a couple of times, we're trying to sync manufacturing to demand. And as such, you don't just
call up on a Monday and turn a plan on. So we've been trying to be thoughtful about that. So the stages,
we actually have outlined those stages, and we've outlined the regions. And right now where we are is
pretty much everywhere around the world, people are doing emergency procedures. And we tend to think
the emergency procedures is 10% to 20% of all procedures.

We are starting to see move back to elective in all around the world. And that's the important stage for us
to start seeing in North America and EMEA. And as I've said a couple of times today, not to beat a dead
horse, but we think offices will open faster than patient traffic returns. And whether this is a 3-month
return to normal from consumers or a 6-month or a 9-month, it's really, really difficult to say, and which is
why we've kind of declined on providing specificity around quarter-to-quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird.

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Don or Jorge, either one, I guess, I would like to ask a cash flow question to start. Just how should we
think about buybacks and M&A in this environment? I know the M&A topic was broached earlier in the call
here. But just as you think about conservation of capital versus going on the offensive in some areas or
even using cash on buybacks and that, just how should we think about the next couple of quarters?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks for the question. Again, I'm going to refrain from talking about the next 2 quarters, P&L, cash
flow or capital deployment. But I would tell you, from a philosophy perspective, our capital allocation has
-- thinking has not changed from a long-term perspective. At this point, we're not changing that.

In the short term, given the market dislocations that we are all facing, there are priorities that are higher
right now and cash conservation is a very important priority. Now we want to preserve cash so that we
can actually invest in things that really matter for us to be competitive as or even more competitive as
we come out of -- at the end of this cycle. So reinvesting in our business, we're not stopping that. We
-- as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we are -- we have kept our investment priorities very much in
touch. We -- there are important projects for us that will yield significant value in the future, and we're
still investing on those. And as we have more data points over the next several months and quarters, we
will readjust the priorities, and we'll try to go back to a more normalized, balanced approach to our capital
deployment.

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

And Don, maybe one last question, just kind of broader market thoughts, you do sell some sterilization
equipment, I'm assuming there's going to be increased focus at these offices on a lot of products like that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

Are there any other products in your portfolio or in the R&D pipeline that you could tack towards and think
about kind of an emerging secular trend in the offices, number one. And number two, as these offices
spend more on PPE and it looks questionable on whether or not reimbursement will incorporate that higher
PPE cost, does that squeeze out focus on premium consumables in your portfolio? How do you respond
kind of in an environment where costs in other areas you don't compete might be going up for these kind
of?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Jeff. There's a couple of things in there. Let's pull apart. We do sell some infection control
stuff. It's not huge, just in terms of the size of the overall portfolio. But I would tell you, there's going
to be some stuff that we're starting to see. We've got high-volume evacuation equipment, pure VAC and
some other stuff that we think is going to do pretty well. We've had a lot of interest. Again, we're kind of
judging interest in stuff by what the dentists are actually attending webinars. And aerosol management is
a topic that's gotten a fair amount of interest.

The second thing I would tell you is, one of the things that we made a big deal about with Primescan was
that it's a seal system and disinfecting that is relatively easy versus things that we had done in the past.
And as a matter of fact, we've now have come up, and it's -- we think it's going to result in something
that's very important to us. We have a temporary shield that makes -- it goes right over the probe and it's
disposable. So we think that's very good.

We've also moved very quickly into single-use packaging, which we think allows you to sterilize something.
So that will aid the dentist. So when you look at our endo and a lot of our implant products moving to
single-use packaging, is we think is something that is -- we've been able to do because we have the
manufacturing expertise and everything we're hearing is that's very important.

In terms of does the incremental PPE cost create downward price pressure on premium consumables?
Yes. It could. Hey look, I think the dentist office is going to be taking a hard look at their economics from
top to bottom. One of the things that we will stress and something we've always stressed is now the time
when you're really going through a challenging time, to change your reliable brands that you've been
using in important procedures. And look, we've been competing in -- against a private label or white label
set of competitors for a long period of time, and we feel that we can kind of hold our own. And a lot of that
is going to be innovation. And then the last kind of question you asked in there, I think I tried to unpack
all of it, is do we think infection control should be an area of future R&D development? It's always been
an area we've looked at. I mean we have a lot of infection, our DUC unit and other things and is part of
our innovation package that we're looking at, will it take on a higher priority? Too early to say, Jeff. But
I would tell you, right now, and I said this in my prepared remarks and Jorge mentioned it around cash
flow, we're going full out right now. And one of the reasons we were trying to protect liquidity is because
we believe that ultimately the digitization of dentistry is going to be as important as any trend. Short
term, everyone is going to have to get used to PPE and infection control at different levels. But if that
puts pressure, say, there is a decrement in overall time that the dentist can spend with patients because
of incremental PPE requirements, well, they're going to -- on the other side, they're going to be looking
for ways at how do we use improve throughput. And we think things like CEREC, things like the software
we've developed around implants and other things will become increasingly important.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.

Brandon Couillard
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Two more question for Jorge. First, just on the P&L, can you help us understand the flexibility of the P&L?
How much of the cost structure is variable and then what are the -- what exactly are the prerequisites that
you'd want to see before restoring guidance, because I could envision visibility remaining low for some
period of time?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you for the question. Yes. On the first part, with respect to fixed versus variable, I think in the short
term, typically, I would say, for our business, you could have between 25% to 1/3 of our costs, being, I
would say, very variable in nature. And -- but as you go through a cycle, a lot of the fixed costs that you
have can become variable. And that is part of what we are trying to figure out now. And as part of that
analysis, we actually have already made some decisions that essentially change some of our fixed cost
into variable in the short term, and we'll do more of that. And I think most companies are trying to figure
that out.

And the idea, as I indicated before, is trying to match as close as possible; our revenue with our cost
structure. And that is why we have been, as a company, always very much focused on margins. And so
we have to balance net margins. We need to balance that with investment for the future. And so there's
a number of scenarios that we are looking at to ensure that what are the decisions we make end up
resulting in the best interest of the company for both the short term and the long term.

With respect to guidance, I think, I don't know exactly when we are going to be in a position to do,
that, but let me tell you a few elements that I think would be important for us. I think as we have more
conversations with our customers, with our dealer partners and with just overall -- all the stakeholders
in this industry, we'll understand better the cadence of a potential recovery, we'll start having a better
understanding for future orders and how dentists are going to manage their capacity and how they're
going to reopen. That's going to be a very important element in this analysis, of course.

Then we have to look at overall macroeconomic conditions, what is happening with overall economies and
unemployment levels, and there is a series of elements that I think we all are going to be looking at. And
at some point, we'll know, okay, now the range of potential outcomes for the next 6 to 12 months is within
a reasonable range. And at that point, we will be in a position to share that range with all of you. Clearly,
we are not at that point right now.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Don, two quick ones. You mentioned, I think, that you tend to think that emergency procedures are
maybe 10% to 20% of a typical practice. How is the -- how's your endo business holding up, I would think
that's mostly emergency related?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. The endo business is mostly emergency related. And by the way, some of the Resto procedures, I
mean, if you've got a crack tooth, you kind of have to get that taken care of. Endo has been okay. And by
the way, John, when we say okay, there's okay in normal times and then there's post-COVID-19 normal
times. But if you were to look at the business that's been the most consistent through this, the endo
business has been the most consistent this process.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Great. And then maybe if you go back, as you mentioned, seemingly normal times, back in Chicago,
Midwinter, was your early experience, like, around the Primemill launch? Just curious if you were seeing
uptake mainly from people that had some of your older mills, and so those were upgrade sales? Or were
you actually seeing maybe a bit of a resurgence in convincing practices to go full chairside?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

Yes. I would tell you, the Primemill -- the response to Primemill was really good. We were very excited.
And look, Midwinter was a great example of that. And our emphasis on Primemill was how do we sell full
chairside systems. I mean that's our first lever that we always go to, how do you sell full chairside. And
we were pretty successful. I mean if you look at the pricing and if you look at how we package that, it was
designed for us to be pretty aggressive around fulling -- selling full chairside, and we're pretty successful
about that.

Coming out of it, John, coming out of the COVID challenge, I -- we're going to be banging very hard on
the idea that full chairside, where you have an opportunity to take care of a patient in one visit, is going
to be pretty important. And if you look at the speed advantages of Primemill, we think it's going to be a
pretty important part of our overall story. But we were very excited about the initial reception to Primemill.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo with UBS.

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I guess this is for Jorge. Can you talk a little bit about the sales and accounting cycle for equipment, sort
of how you record the revenues? And any chance that changes going forward? Meaning, like, is it possible?
You make it -- I know you already have payment terms and extended payment terms and the like, but is
there anything that could change with that going forward post-COVID? And then the second question I had
was, just getting back to the first quarter, I think you said January and February were tracking in line with
expectations. Can you tell us what you thought consumables and equipment would have done ex COVID?

Jorge M. Gomez
Executive VP & CFO

Kevin, the way we report our equipment sales is similar to the way we record every other sale within the
company, including Consumables. So it's -- there is no there's no deferral revenue. We -- it's straight-up
sales. So there's nothing we do different in that case. Can it change -- can that change in the future? At
this point, we're not thinking about that. There are some companies that provide financing for equipment.
We don't do that today. So that's not in our plans right now. The January, February, overall, as Don
indicated, I indicated, based on our internal planning, based on internal forecast, we came out of a strong
Q4 '19 and we were seeing trends in Q1 or we were expecting Q1 to perform very much in line. The
technology business doing extremely well with Primescan, the launch of our Primemill doing very well in
both January and February and Consumables trending also very much in line with our expectations for
the first 2 months of the quarter. And then towards mid-March is when we started to see a rapid decline
in the Consumables business, the technology business, CAD/CAM, in particular, continues to perform well
throughout the first quarter. And as Don indicated, now going into April, May, both segments are trending
in a similar way.

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. And the only thing I would add, Kevin, is Consumables, if you look at the difference, and we've said
this in our prepared remarks, in the quarter, it looks like T&E kind of kept going and Consumables came
down faster. We think that was a function of timing, not a function of demand. If you think about what
goes on at retail versus wholesale, obviously, as our dealer partners began to see challenges in the dentist
office and the dentists would stop ordering, the thing you stop ordering are the things you use most
frequently, so we think Consumables was impacted fastest there. What we're seeing as places like Asia
Pacific open up, you see a reversal of that. You see actually people come back in on the Consumables
first, and it's -- so we look at the disparity and the performance as much more of a function of timing than
underlying demand stuff. And I will tell you, we were very happy, I think Jorge said extremely well. Very
happy with how the quarter was going on both the Technology& Equipment side and the Consumables
side. We'd started to see some good trends in the fourth quarter around Consumables, which are carrying
over into the first quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from Glen Santangelo, Guggenheim.

Glen Joseph Santangelo
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Don, I just want to follow up on some of the comments you actually just made with respect to Asia Pac,
for example. It sounds like, globally, the volumes are trending down 60% to 80%, but is it intuitive, as
you would think, that maybe APAC is doing a little bit better since they closed earlier and opened first and
then EMEA and then maybe North America sort of last. And assuming that's the case, I'm kind of curious,
specifically, about the reboot in Asia Pac. And you talked about maybe certain areas of digital that you'd
expect to come back faster, maybe not being as economically sensitive as we think with maybe implant
and ortho maybe coming back a little bit slower, could you talk about the reboot on the equipment side
in Asia Pac and what you're seeing? And I don't know if there's any numbers you feel comfortable putting
around that?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. Glen, thanks for the question. Here's what -- Asia Pac, first, you've got to kind of think about Asia
Pac as not Asia Pac. In our mind, there's almost 3 chunks to it. There's what went on in China, how do
you think about kind of things that have reopened, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Korea. And then Japan is a
big business for us. And by the way, I think Jorge said in the prepared remarks, on an aggregate basis,
that's less than 20% of our total portfolio. But what has gone on in China? Again, it exactly is what our
prepared remarks were that we're seeing Consumables comes back. We -- again, you're going to see
kind of functional procedures come back pretty quickly. At least on our side, we're not seeing ortho and
implants as the first things back. And we've been pleasantly surprised at how technology and equipment
has performed kind of in line with everything.

In terms of, like, kind of that next group, when you think about Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, they seem to
be a little bit further in front. Again, the business is performing kind of in line with each other. And again,
that -- in our mind, that's kind of a little bit counterintuitive because the expectation would have been that
Technology & Equipment would have come up slower. We're seeing good, solid demand. Now again, we
have worked very, very hard to talk about the economic benefits of the workflow efficiencies and other
things. And that's been very -- it's resonated well with the patients -- excuse me, with the doctors in that
area.

Japan was kind of a third circumstance where they never really shut down the dental offices, you saw a
slowing in patient demand. And what we saw was Technology & Equipment and Consumables performed
similarly. Implants kind of slowed. So -- and that -- in our mind, you almost -- Japan is almost a little bit
of an outlier. So we've been watching how China mimics, kind of, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan. And if those
are a harbinger of the future, you see dentist office open, you see patient recovery a little slower than
what -- how fast the dental -- dentist office open. You see functional comeback the fastest.

Operator

Our next question comes from Yi Chen with H.C. Wainwright.

Yi Chen
H.C. Wainwright & Co, LLC, Research Division

Do you expect the recovery trajectory for dentists' practice to be similar between different regions,
although in different time frames?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

Yes. Yi Chen, I think the answer is probably yes. Again, we're trying -- I wish that we could see Q2, Q3
more clearly. What we have seen is that the -- on the way down, things looked very similar all around the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

world. As things shut down, how it impacted businesses, it looked very similar. What we're starting to see,
at least, in Asia Pacific, which is a wide variety of circumstances, it seems to be coming up in a similar
way. The thing that we can't predict, though, is how fast does this all come back.

Yi Chen
H.C. Wainwright & Co, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Does Dentsply plan to provide any service to help dentists' practice return to normal operations
sooner such as facilitating the COVID-19 testing, particularly saliva-based testing in dentist office?

Donald M. Casey
CEO & Director

No. I think it's essential that doctors get access to PPE. And if they feel appropriate, if they want to test
their staffs that they're going to need access to point of care, but it's not an area of expertise for us. It's
just not something we do.

Operator

And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to John Sweeney.

John Sweeney
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you very much for joining us today. We look forward to updating you on our next earnings
conference call. Have a good day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a
wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

DENTSPLY SIRONA INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 08, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

