Digital Realty Trust, Inc. NYSE:DLR
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 29, 2021 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS (GAAP) 

0.24

0.45

Revenue  (mm)

1071.28

1093.19

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-29-2021 9:59 PM GMT

87.50

2.05

0.25

2.08

1.69

1091.87

4358.66

4656.40

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

CONSENSUS

0.16

0.20

0.26

0.24

- EPS (GAAP)  -

ACTUAL

(0.14)

0.16

1.32

0.45

SURPRISE

NM

(20.00 %)

407.69 %

87.50 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew P. Power
Chief Financial Officer

Arthur William Stein
CEO & Director

Christopher Sharp
Chief Technology Officer

Corey Dyer
Chief Revenue Officer

Gregory S. Wright
Chief Investment Officer

John J. Stewart
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Brendan James Lynch
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Erik Peter Rasmussen
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Frank Garrett Louthan
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Michael J. Funk
BofA Securities, Research Division

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Digital Realty Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Please note, this
event is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the call over to John Stewart, Digital Realty's Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations. John, please go ahead.

John J. Stewart
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Andrea. The speakers on today's call are CEO, Bill Stein; and CFO, Andy Power. Chief
Investment Officer, Greg Wright; Chief Technology Officer, Chris Sharp; and Chief Revenue Officer, Corey
Dyer are also on the call and will be available for Q&A.

Management may make forward-looking statements, including guidance and underlying assumptions.
Forward-looking statements are based on expectations that involve risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ materially. For a further discussion of risks related to our business, see our
10-K and subsequent filings with the SEC.

This call will contain non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to net income are included in the
supplemental package furnished to the SEC and available on our website.

Before I turn the call over to Bill, I'd like to hit the tops of the waves on our second quarter results.
We continue to enhance our product mix with a record contribution from our sub-1 megawatt plus
interconnection category. We extended our sustainability leadership with the publication of our third
annual ESG report. We raised revenue and EBITDA guidance for the second quarter in a row, setting the
stage for accelerating growth in cash flow. Last but not least, we further strengthened the balance sheet
with the redemption of high coupon preferred stock and the issuance of low-cost, long-term fixed rate
debt.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.

Arthur William Stein
CEO & Director

Thanks, John. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us. Our formula for long-term value creation
is a global, connected, sustainable framework. We continue to advance along these lines during the second
quarter. Our business continues to globalize. And once again, we generated solid performance and strong
bookings across all regions. Our full spectrum product offering continues to blossom with record sub-1
megawatt bookings in the second quarter and regional highs in both EMEA and APAC. Together with
interconnection, the sub-1 megawatt category comprised nearly half of our total bookings, demonstrating
customers' enthusiastic adoption of PlatformDIGITAL to help accomplish their digital transformation
initiatives.

I'll discuss our sustainable growth initiatives on Page 3. In June, we were awarded the Green Lease Leader
Gold award from the Institute for Market Transformation and the U.S. Department of Energy for the third
year. We remain the only data center provider to receive this award, which recognizes Digital Realty as
a leader in the real estate industry that incorporates green leasing provisions to better align our interest
with our customers and drive high performance and healthy buildings.

During the second quarter, we published our third annual ESG report, detailing our 2020 sustainability
initiatives, including the utilization of renewable energy for 100% of our energy needs across our entire
portfolio in Europe as well as our U.S. colocation portfolio and reaching 50% of our global needs.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

We also reported progress towards our science-based target, ensuring a deep focus on our renewable
energy, energy efficiency and supply chain sustainability initiatives. Our ESG report highlights many of
our ongoing initiatives, including our diversity, equity and inclusion efforts along with our community
involvement.

Digital Realty is committed to being an active member of and giving back to the communities where
we operate globally. We encourage and celebrate community involvement and employee engagement
activities through our Do Better Together initiative.

We also recently underscored our commitment to transparency and accountability on our diversity, equity
and inclusion journey with the publication of our EEO-1 report. Events over the past 1.5 years have
demonstrated that now more than ever, ESG belongs at the forefront of our business. I'm proud of our
leadership in this area as we advance our broader goal of delivering sustainable growth for all of our
stakeholders, investors, customers, employees, and the communities we serve around the world.

Let's turn to our investment activity on Page 4. We are continuing to invest in our global platform with 39
projects underway around the world as of June 30, totaling nearly 300 megawatts of incremental capacity,
most of which is scheduled for delivery over the next 12 months.

We are investing most heavily in EMEA with 19 projects totaling over 150 megawatts of capacity under
construction. Most of this capacity is highly connected, including projects in Frankfurt, Marseille, Paris
and Zurich. Demand remains strong across these metros and each continues to attract service providers
as well as enterprise customers from around the world, many of which contributed to a truly standout
performance by the region during the second quarter in the up-to-1 megawatt category.

In North America, over half of our capacity under construction is concentrated in 2 hot markets, Portland
and Toronto that can sometimes be overlooked in favor of more traditional North American data center
metros. We've had tremendous recent success in these 2 metros. We have 30 megawatts under
construction in Portland, or more specifically, Hillsboro, that are now fully pre-leased, while our Toronto
connected campus continues to gain momentum as the premier Canadian hub for global cloud service
providers and enterprise customers.

Finally, in Asia Pacific, we are accelerating our organic growth in this underserved region. We opened our
third data center in Singapore, a 50-megawatt facility that received permitting prior to the moratorium
on new data center construction. Demand for this scarce capacity is robust, and we have another 18
megawatts largely presold and scheduled to open this quarter. Also coming soon in this region are a pair of
MC Digital Realty data centers in Japan.

With the world's eyes currently on Tokyo for the Olympics, we are opening a new Tokyo facility that's
poised to win the gold medal. We are also opening another data center in Osaka this quarter, along with
our first data center and the first carrier-neutral offering in Seoul, Korea, during the fourth quarter. We are
very excited about the opportunity in Seoul. And earlier this morning, we announced that we've acquired
another land parcel to expand our connected campus, enabling us to accommodate the hyperscale
demand that has been clamoring for capacity in our first highly connected facility.

Finally, earlier this month, we announced our intention to enter India in partnership with Brookfield
Infrastructure. Given the success of our existing partnership on the Ascenty platform in Latin America, the
complementary skills and expertise that we both bring to this partnership and with the significant growth
opportunity available in India, we are excited to expand our footprint in this robust and dynamic market.

Let's turn to the macro environment on Page 5. We are fortunate to be operating in a business levered
to secular demand drivers. Our leadership position provides us with a unique vantage point to detect
secular trends as they emerge globally on PlatformDIGITAL. The first of these trends is the growing
importance of data gravity for Global 2000 enterprises. Last year, we introduced the Data Gravity Index,
our market intelligence tool, which forecasts the growing intensity of enterprise data creation life cycle and
its gravitational impact on global IT infrastructure between key global markets.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Earlier this year, we took the next step and published an industry manifesto, enabling connected data
communities to guide cross-industry collaboration, tackle data gravity head-on and unlock a new era of
growth opportunity for all companies.

Earlier this week, we announced a collaboration with Zayo to further interconnection business through
the creation of an open fabric-of-fabrics. With data sets exploding and data gravity challenges expanding,
this initiative will enable multinational enterprises to connect these data oceans through fabric and
orchestration.

Third-party research continues to support data gravity's growing importance. Market Intelligence firm,
Gartner, recently conducted its 6th annual survey of Chief Data Officers and less than 35% of these
executives reported their business have achieved their data sharing objectives, including data exchange
with external data sources that drive revenue-generating business outcomes.

Issues often arise due to multiple data hosting and processing meeting places together with the need
for appropriate security controls and the inability to overcome latency challenges with direct private
interconnection between many counterparties. PlatformDIGITAL was designed to solve these problems.
Digital transformation is compounding this enterprise data and connectivity problem.

Recent research indicates that enterprise workflows utilize an average of 400 unique data sources,
while exchanging data with 27 external cloud products. Digital Realty's enterprise and service provider
customers are turning to PlatformDIGITAL to overcome these issues by deploying their own data hubs and
using interconnection to securely exchange data in and across multiple metros.

Our leadership position is resonating with industry experts and influencers. For the second consecutive
year, Digital Realty was named a global leader by IDC MarketScape for data center colocation and
interconnection services, further acknowledgment of our consistently improving customer capabilities. This
recognition reflects our execution against the PlatformDIGITAL road map, providing unique differentiated
value for customers with our fit-for-purpose, full-spectrum global capabilities.

Earlier this month, Cloudscene again ranked Digital Realty as the strongest provider of data center
ecosystems in EMEA for the second consecutive year. Digital Realty was ranked second in both North
America as well as Latin America and jumped up 3 spots to #7 in Asia. Also in July, GigaOm published
their analysis of edge infrastructure capabilities. Digital Realty ranked as an industry leader on multiple
criteria across 3 broad categories. Our capabilities were ranked highest in vendor positioning and
evaluation metrics comparison and second among the key criteria comparison.

Given the resiliency of the demand drivers underpinning our business, and the relevance of our platform to
meeting customers' needs, we believe we are well positioned to continue to deliver sustainable growth for
customers, shareholders and employees, whatever the macro environment may hold in store.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Andy to take you through our financial results.

Andrew P. Power
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Bill. Let's turn to our leasing activity on Page 7. We signed total bookings of $113 million in
the second quarter, including a $13 million contribution from interconnection. Network and enterprise-
oriented deals of 1 megawatt or less reached an all-time high of $41 million, demonstrating our consistent
momentum and the growing success of PlatformDIGITAL as we continue to capture a greater share of
enterprise demand. The weighted average lease term was over 8 years. We landed 109 new logos during
the second quarter, with a strong showings across all regions, again, demonstrating the power of our
global platform.

The geographic and product mix of our new activity was quite healthy, with APAC and EMEA, each
contributing approximately 20%; the Americas representing nearly 50%; and interconnection responsible
for a little over 10%. The megawatt or less plus interconnection category accounted for almost half of our
total bookings with particular strength in the cloud, content and financial services verticals.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

In terms of specific wins during the quarter and around the world, we landed a top 5 cloud service
provider to anchor our new Tokyo campus. Close on the heels of this magnetic customer deployment,
Japan's most popular social media applications selected PlatformDIGITAL on the same campus. NAVER,
the leading Korea-based cloud provider serving the greater APAC region, selected our new carrier-neutral
facility in Singapore to support data-intensive workloads for their high-performance computing and AI-
intensive technology-based platform.

A European broadcaster is leveraging PlatformDIGITAL in Vienna and Frankfurt to rewire their network
in favor of data-intensive interconnection with benefits in performance, scalability and cost savings. A
Global 2000 enterprise data platform is adopting PlatformDIGITAL in Amsterdam, Dublin and Frankfurt
to orchestrate workloads across hundreds of ecosystem applications, delivering improved performance,
security, cost savings, and simplicity.

In London, PlatformDIGITAL is supporting a top 3 global money center banks fortification of their business
continuity capabilities without compromising their data-intensive interconnection requirements.

On the continent, our connectivity and operational capabilities are helping 2 independent fintech
customers improve performance and enhance access to their connected data communities.

Finally, in North America, a life sciences digital marketing firm chose PlatformDIGITAL to improve their
network architecture and enable future growth.

Turning to our backlog on Page 9. The current backlog of leases signed but not yet commenced ticked
down from $307 million to $303 million as commencement slightly eclipsed space and power leases signed
during the quarter. The lag between signings and commencements was a bit longer than our long-term
historical average at just over 7 months.

Moving on to renewal leasing activity on Page 10. We signed $178 million of renewals during the second
quarter in addition to new leases signed. The weighted average lease term on renewals signed during the
second quarter was just under 3 years, again, reflecting a greater mix of enterprise deals smaller than 1
megawatt. We retained 77% of expiring leases, while cash re-leasing spreads on renewals were slightly
positive, also reflective of the greater mix of sub-1 megawatt renewals in the total.

In terms of second quarter operating performance, overall portfolio occupancy ticked down by 60 basis
points as we brought additional capacity online across 6 metros during the quarter. Same capital cash NOI
growth was negative 1.5% in the second quarter, largely driven by the churn in Ashburn at the beginning
of the year.

As a reminder, the Westin Building in Seattle, the Interxion platform in EMEA, Lamda Helix in Greece and
Altus IT in Croatia are not yet included in the same-store pool. So these same capital comparisons are less
representative of our underlying business today than usual.

Let's turn to our economic risk mitigation strategies on Page 11. The U.S. dollar fluctuated during
the second quarter but remained below the prior year average, providing a bit of an FX tailwind. As a
reminder, we manage currency risk by issuing locally denominated debt to act as a natural hedge so only
our net assets within a given region are exposed to currency risk from an economic perspective.

In addition to managing credit risk and foreign currency exposure, we also mitigate interest rate risk by
proactively terming out short-term variable rate debt with longer-term fixed rate financing. Given our
strategy of matching the duration of our long-lived assets with long-term fixed-rate debt, a 100 basis point
move in benchmark rates would have roughly a 75 basis point impact on full year FFO per share.

In terms of earnings growth, second quarter core FFO per share was flat year-over-year but down 8%
from last quarter driven by $0.12 noncash deferred tax charge related to the higher corporate tax rate
in the U.K., which came into effect during the second quarter. Excluding the tax charge, which was not
previously contemplated in our guidance, we outperformed our internal forecast due to a beat on the
top line with a slight assist from FX tailwinds as well as operating expense savings, partially due to lower
property-level spending in the COVID-19 environment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

For the second time this year, we are raising our full year outlook for total revenue and adjusted EBITDA
to reflect the underlying momentum in our business. The deferred tax charge does run through core FFO
per share. But as you can see from the press release, we are lowering the midpoint by just $0.05, which
all else equal, would imply a $0.07 raise excluding the deferred tax charge.

Since it is noncash, the deferred tax charge does not hit AFFO. Most of the drivers of our guidance table
are unchanged, but I would like to point out that we are lowering our expected recurring CapEx spend for
the remainder of the year, setting a stage for accelerating growth in cash flow.

As you could see from the bridge chart on Page 12, we expect our bottom line results to improve
sequentially over the balance of the year as the deferred tax charge comes out of the quarterly run rate
and the momentum in our underlying business continues to accelerate. We do still expect to see some
normalization in our cost structure with an increase in property-level operating expenses that have been
deferred due to COVID, along with an uptick in G&A expense as we return to the office and resume a more
normal travel schedule. So your model should reflect these higher costs.

Last, but certainly not least, let's turn to the balance sheet on Page 13. As you may recall, we closed
on the sale of a portfolio of noncore assets in Europe for $680 million late in the first quarter, which
impacted second quarter adjusted EBITDA to the tune of approximately $10 million. As a result, net debt
to adjusted EBITDA was slightly elevated 6x as of the end of the second quarter but is expected to come
back down in line with our long-term range over the course of the year through a combination of proceeds
from asset sales and growth in cash flows as signed leases commence.

Fixed charge coverage ticked down slightly, also reflecting the near-term impact from asset sales, but
remains well above our target and close to an all-time high at 5.4x, reflecting the results of our proactive
liability management.

We continue to execute our financial strategy of maximizing the menu of available capital options while
minimizing the related costs and extending the duration of our liabilities to match our long-lived assets.

In mid-May, we redeemed $200 million of preferred stock at 6.625%, which brought total preferred equity
redemptions over the prior 12 months to $700 million at a weighted average coupon of just over 6.25%,
effectively lowering leverage by 0.3 turns.

In mid-June, we issued 0.5 million shares under our ATM program, raising approximately $77 million. In
early July, we raised another $26 million with the sale of the balance of our Megaport stock. We also took
our first trip to the Swiss bond market in early July, raising approximately $595 million in a dual tranche
offering of Swiss green bonds with a weighted average maturity of a little over 6.5 years and a weighted
average coupon of approximately 0.37%.

This successful execution against our financial strategy reflects the strength of our global platform, which
provides access to the full menu of public as well as private capital, sets us apart from our peers, enables
us to prudently fund our growth.

As you can see from the chart on Page 13, our weighted average debt maturity is nearly 6.5 years, and
our weighted average coupon is down to 2.2%. Over 70% of our debt is non-U.S. dollar-denominated,
reflecting the growth of our global platform and serving as a natural FX hedge for our investments outside
the U.S. 90% of our debt is fixed rate to guard against a rising rate environment, and 98% of our debt is
unsecured, providing the greatest flexibility for capital recycling.

Finally, as you can see from the left side of Page 13, we have a clear runway with nominal near-term debt
maturities and no bar too tall in the out years. Our balance sheet is poised to weather a storm, but also
positioned to fuel growth opportunities for our customers around the globe, consistent with our long-term
financing strategy.
This concludes our prepared remarks, and now we will be pleased to take your questions. Andrew, would
you please begin the Q&A session?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jon Atkin of RBC.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I got 1 question and then a follow-up. First, on M&A, Interxion is now more than a year under your belt
and then you announced kind of the JV expansion into India. Wondered if you could maybe summarize
your strategy for inorganic growth as it pertains to the potential purchase of existing platforms or assets?
Sometimes there can be assets out there with dislocated valuations. So I thought it would be worth asking
about that topic and getting a refresh.

Arthur William Stein
CEO & Director

Sure, John. Happy to provide a refresh. First of all, we don't comment on M&A speculation, particularly
as it relates to specific opportunities in the marketplace. But to refresh everyone's memory, we try to do
only strategic deals. And by that, I mean we're looking for investments that enhance either our geographic
footprint of our product offering. We're thinking about specific deals. When you look back on Interxion,
I think we were fortunate, there we were able to do both. We were able to enhance our geographic
penetration and add significantly to the colocation mix in Europe.

We -- as it relates to the CyrusOne situation, which I think is what you probably were alluding to, we think
that's a good platform. We have all this respect in the world for both Bruce Duncan and Steve -- and Dave
Ferdman. But it gives us more of what we already have. And so I just don't think that's something that
would be of interest to us.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

And then on asset recycling that Andy mentioned towards the end, there was a press item from June
about the potential formation of a Singapore REIT. And I wondered if you could give us an update as to
what's happening and kind of the rationale.

Andrew P. Power
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, John. So I think there's 2 concepts kind of interlinked in your question. So noncore capital
recycling. We've been doing a fair bit of that. Most recently executed our portfolio in EMEA close to $700
million that was not core or strategic to digital, and it's kind of similar to a transaction we did back in, I
think, 2019. So call it, focusing our portfolio where we see the most robust and diverse customer growth.
So that's 1 leg of the stool that you can see will continue on. We activated this year again in terms of
funding our business plan by recycling that capital into more strategic projects.

We've also done what I'd call, private capital partnerships. So similarly with that same transaction back
in 2019 with Mapletree, we raised 80% stake in $1 billion of core assets, assets that we would never
really want to part with, and we maintain operational control of as a minority partner. So I think you'll see
us continue to do both, but there is a big difference in our minds. Noncore are things that we're willing
to part with 100%. We wish the new owners well. And core, really keeping those assets as part of our
collective platform and just trying to recycle capital on the slower growth assets, both of which I think
at the end of the day, hopefully accelerates our growth and allows us to redeploy that capital into higher
return opportunities.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Anything specifically about the press item from, I think, Bloomberg and Data Center Knowledge about
forming a REIT in Singapore?

Andrew P. Power
Chief Financial Officer

I can say that it kind of ties to both the questions. Coincidentally, Singapore REITs have been the buyers
of our 2 biggest portfolio sales. They have not been the only buyers. We've also done other one-off assets
sales to other private buyers that were noncore.

As it relates to any vehicle that we would do like that, we would only think about that in a core context if
we're going to extend our brand and sponsorship to it. So I think I can't comment on what that specific
rumor was kind of pointing to, but it kind of is interwoven with both concepts a little bit.

Operator

The next question comes from Jordan Sadler of KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

So I wanted to follow up a little bit in terms of sort of investment opportunity. Bill, you've talked about
strategic, accretive and I think enhancing -- growth enhancing for some of the strategic objectives or
criteria for acquisitions. If you can check those boxes, it would seem that an acquisition, even something
domestic could make sense. The piece that I'm struggling with a little bit, maybe like the growth
enhancing. Strategic makes some sense that even though there's some overlap accretive, I get, we can
figure that out. Growth enhancing, the piece I wanted to ask you about was, does market share help in
terms of sort of the growth outlook? In other words, if you're controlling certain -- a greater extent as
the marketplace is, certainly, these large hyperscale Tier 1 markets in the U.S., do you think that would
mitigate some of the downside rent pressure we've seen in that vertical?

Arthur William Stein
CEO & Director

Yes. Jordan, I guess when I think about, so what we're trying to accomplish here and certainly in recent
history, I mean, you saw the press release today, right, where we bought a piece of land in Seoul, Korea,
and we already own a carrier-neutral data center in downtown Seoul, and now we're going to build a
campus out in the suburbs. And what we're trying to do is replicate in Seoul what we've created in other
markets around the world, the connected campus with a carrier-neutral dense network that you can tether
the campus back into.

And I think that when you look around the world today, there just aren't that many platforms. I mean,
there's not an Interxion in Asia. And I think that what you're going to more likely see from us is what
you're seeing in Seoul. We are, in fact, pursuing similar models in other parts of Asia and in other parts
of the world, where we're going into new markets and planting the flag with both network-dense facilities
and campuses.

So just to repeat what our criteria is, yes, it has to be strategically important to us in terms of either
geography or product added to both. It needs to be -- we'd like it to be accretive to our near-term
earnings and certainly accretive to growth, which is what Interxion was and Ascenty, and importantly,
prudently financed. So a capitalization that is consistent with how we finance the rest of the business here
at Digital. Andy, anything you want to add or...

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

I got 2 out of 3 right.

Arthur William Stein
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

You did. And we -- we're not that levered up in other words. Making...

Gregory S. Wright
Chief Investment Officer

That's better than your high school grades, Jordan.

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

I hope this wasn't the interview.

Arthur William Stein
CEO & Director

But to put a finer point on it, we're not going to lever up these assets to make the number works -- the
numbers work.

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Okay. Andy, if you have anything else? I have a follow-up.

Andrew P. Power
Chief Financial Officer

I think the second or the third part of your question was, can you drive pricing power through market
share, which I think episodically, there's opportunities to do that. I think if you look back to our DuPont
Fabros transaction, that was a market share moving transaction where we up-tiered our relationships
with many customers kind of to control near-term supply. And I think that concept maybe works in more
overall supply-constrained markets, predominantly outside the U.S. or even like a Santa Clara for that
example. I do not -- I'm not confident I think your line of thinking would be other domestically focused
larger footprint players, does that M&A create better pricing power? In today's backdrop, I don't see that
same events playing out again like such in America.

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

That's helpful. And then coming back, Bill, to sort of being around the world, India. Can you guys
potentially just size the India JV opportunity for us, just sort of initial sizing? I mean is this -- do we see
a platform purchase like Ascenty? Like is it with Brookfield been there? Or is this going to be a de novo
opportunity?

Arthur William Stein
CEO & Director

I'm going to hand that one over to Greg.

Gregory S. Wright
Chief Investment Officer

Okay. Thanks, Jordan. Look, I think to describe the India joint venture, Jordan, it's actually a hybrid. Look,
as you know, we've had a strong relationship with Brookfield. We've had a great experience with Ascenty.
But when we purchased Ascenty, we bought -- we came into that platform together and purchased an
existing platform that had 14 assets, 8 of which were under construction, 6 of which were operational
assets and a team in place.

This is going to be different from that. But we are, again, going in 50-50 joint partners, joint branding
and the like, which you've seen in some of our press materials. But here, we're going to be -- and we
have some folks that are already residing in the JV, but we're actually going into India here to build a
platform. And ultimately, we expect it to be like Ascenty, I mean being a stand-alone platform with a
strong management team that drives the business. And I think when we look at India, we're not looking
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

to go into India and just do like-for-like product. We're looking to do differentiated product. And we think
Brookfield is a partner here and given their presence in the tower space and given what's happening in
India in the mobile market and the like, we think we have a great opportunity to do that. And so -- but the
general governance and construct, if you will, is very similar to Ascenty, but the basic premise of going in,
we're going in to build a platform, we're not buying a platform. So I'd say that's how I describe it.

Operator

The next question comes from Sami Badri of Crédit Suisse.

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

First question, I just wanted to just run by you guys is maybe you could give us a little bit more color on
what's going on in re-leasing spreads because in the greater than 1 megawatt re-leasing spread slide,
which is Slide 10, there was meaningful improvement in spreads. And I think we were going from down
11% to just down 1% on -- And I was hoping you can just walk us through this. So that's part 1 of the
question. Part 2 is, are we essentially done with a lot of those high negative renewal spread type leases
that we've kind of been discussing on the last couple of quarters. Are you guys in the clear? Is this -- are
we going to see some lumpiness?

Andrew P. Power
Chief Financial Officer

Sami, let me tackle that. So like-for-like megawatt -- north of 1 megawatt quarter-over-quarter,
certainly saw an improvement from down just close to 11% on the prior quarter's 30-ish megs. The
23.5 megs came -- renewed this quarter, came to this quarter basically flat, negative 90 bps. Overall,
also improvement basically at 0.1% positive and over 2% positive gap. So definitely moving in the right
direction.

At the same time, I wouldn't call it to be standing on the aircraft carrier with a victory flag yet. We're still
working through some still -- certain contracts that are above market. Hence, we've maintained our, call
it, language around our full year guidance of slightly negative. I did some parsing through both categories
in the -- in that category, literally 82% of the megawatts that renewed were positive, so close to 2%
positive. So it really was like 1 or 2 negative that drove down the category to be flat. And in the -- and the
over to left of that is greater than [indiscernible] percent positive cash mark-to-markets in terms of the
megawatts renewed.

So I would call it still episodic, moving in a better direction. And that's a thematic thing that I don't think
this 1 quarter was a massive inflection point. We've been gradually getting to better territory this year
versus last year, and also feel that same trend kind of continuing based on the mix we see in the future.
Sami, can you remind me your second question, though?

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I think you kind of already hit it, but the second part of the question was just kind of have you guys
essentially gone into the clear regarding a lot of the high negative renewal spread leases that came with
the DFT portfolio? You kind of answered it, but that was the second question.

Andrew P. Power
Chief Financial Officer

Because I don't think -- I wouldn't kind of go to my victories piece here. I don't think we're fully out of
the woods, but we're -- the trend is moving in our direction and we benefit from an incredibly diverse
platform. And as you look at our expirations going into this years, rest of this year or 2022 and beyond,
the mix is just improving, right? The bars have gotten shorter. The concentration in the greater than
megawatt has become more international, a place where we've had greater pricing power. So not fully in
the clear, but I feel like we're inching our way into better territory every day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Operator

The next question comes from Brendan Lynch of Barclays.

Brendan James Lynch
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe, Andy, I'll just follow up on that renewal issue. It does seem like things are going better now. Is it
possible that a few years out, renewals could actually be a tailwind or the escalators structured so that it's
generally neutral at best?

Andrew P. Power
Chief Financial Officer

I think there's definitely potential for fewer out cash mark-to-market to be a positive tailwind here. I
mean, we -- if you look at the diversity of our product here, we are -- it's a very sticky product. We're
typically doing renewals in many markets better than new rates on new deals given the propensity
of inertia for our customer to stay. Our interconnection capabilities kind of furthers that stickiness.
These markets where we're even bringing on new capacity are running up to physical barriers, whether
it's supply of power, access to land, connectivity, government moratoriums are popping up in certain
countries. And then the whole concept inflation and its impact to newer incumbents and overall cost
structures, all those things point to a world of higher pricing power in this asset and certainly more so for
Digital relative to a newer entrant.

Brendan James Lynch
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. That's helpful. And maybe a question for Chris as well. Chris, maybe you can give us just a little bit
of insight on the fabric-of-fabrics platform and kind of simplify that for us, if you can?

Christopher Sharp
Chief Technology Officer

No, absolutely. I appreciate it. Yes. So it's a continuation. We've been investing in PlatformDIGITAL to
make it more robust, where we have over 4,000 customers today. And as Andy alluded to earlier and Bill's
comments earlier that we're adding 100 new customers every quarter. So what we've talked about with
the fabric-of-fabrics and the partnership that we pulled together with Zayo is that these capabilities are
proven to be very successful with our enterprise customers.

And I think what we're talking about here today is about expanding those capabilities and those
connectivity capabilities to a broader set of customers. And so I think that's one of the core things that
we're really starting to drive and it's resonating well with our customers and that a lot of enterprises are
out there looking for an open platform to really achieve their goals and remove complexity out of their
deployments. And so that's what the PlatformDIGITAL is. And what fabric-of-fabrics means as we pull
together a carrier-grade partner with Zayo and they're the first partner that we've executed this with, and
you'll see other partners coming online to expand that value focused on our customers' success.

Operator

The next question comes from Mike Funk of Bank of America.

Michael J. Funk
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. First one is a basic just math question to check my facts. So I think in the first quarter, you did core
FFO of $1.67 a share. I think you guided saying kind of down $0.10 sequentially due to a number of
factors. But the $0.12 noncash charge wasn't in that guide, right? So if you strip that out, you actually
were really only down about $0.01 quarter-over-quarter, right, for the core FFO. And if you think about
rolling that forward to the second half of the year saying you really had an $0.08 core FFO beat, why

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

wouldn't that core FFO per share beat excluding the $0.12, why wouldn't that recur in 3Q and 4Q? What's
going to change in those 2 quarters stripping out that onetime charge?

Andrew P. Power
Chief Financial Officer

So 2 data points. One, we are increasing the guidance net of the $12 million, right? So the $12 million is
a noncash deferred tax hit essentially revaluing the liability that due to the U.K. changing its corporate tax
rates by 600 basis points, that $35 million to $0.12 flows through onetime and it's noncash, it does not
hit at AFFO, which you can see is that I think it's the lowest payout ratio we've had in 5 quarters now. So
by the fact that we've increased the guidance, notwithstanding that $0.12, it essentially would have been
a raise. And if you backed out the $0.12 to the midpoint of our new guidance, you're close to what would
be 6% year-over-year growth on the core FFO. The reason it doesn't all beat in this quarter, to heart of
your question, Mike, doesn't all flow through. And some of the beat I would say is OpEx timing. So timing
relative to some of our OpEx spend, which got pushed out from 2Q into the back half of the year.

Michael J. Funk
BofA Securities, Research Division

And that was related to some of the deferred OpEx in 2020. Is that still what you're talking about?

Andrew P. Power
Chief Financial Officer

Correct. Correct. COVID-related catch up a little bit.

Michael J. Funk
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. Understood. And then maybe a little bit of commentary on the leasing environment. I know there
was a little bit of concern about leasing this quarter for the industry, but came in very strong. Given the
visibility you have into the back half of the year, whatever it might be, what are you seeing in terms of
demand from hyperscalers and/or demand picking back up from enterprise customers?

Andrew P. Power
Chief Financial Officer

I think, Corey, why don't you pick this up there?

Corey Dyer
Chief Revenue Officer

Yes, sure. Thanks a lot. Thanks, Mike, for the question. With regard to enterprise demand, and then Andy,
I'll let you handle the hyperscale, I think, was part of his question as well. But in our opening remarks, we
mentioned that over $50 million of our business was from the sub-1 megawatt plus interconnection, which
is really approaching about 50% of our bookings. That's really a proxy for our enterprise business. On top
of that, our best channel quarter ever. We also saw an increase in multisite, multi-region customers, which
are all indicative of kind of the strength of the enterprise demand and where we're going.

So I would tell you that for the second half, we see strong and sufficient demand across all the regions
as they take care of and address the needs for data gravity and hybrid IT architectures, all of which have
been driven by enterprise customers across all the regions, We Mentioned the strength in each of the
regions, both AP and EMEA as well as North America. So we're seeing that kind of flow through. And
looking at our funnel, we see strength across all those regions, multiple industries and verticals, financial
services to cloud and others. So we're pretty excited about where we are and confident in demand from
the enterprise side. And I feel like that's going to continue. I don't know, Andy, you want to talk to the
hyperscale part of it?

Andrew P. Power
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Yes, I'll just add on real quick on the larger hyperscale customers. Strong Americas quarter, which is
really largely -- we did have a top 5 CSP land with us in Sao Paulo, but the lion's share was Hillsboro
and Toronto. So some great wins from hyperscalers in that market. Top 5 hyperscalers landed, both in
Paris and Frankfurt or grew with us in Paris and Frankfurt. And then over in APAC. As I mentioned in the
prepared remarks, I had the leading Japanese social media platform, land with us in Tokyo in addition to a
top 5 CSP that I think we announced that as the anchor to our Tokyo campus on the prior call.

So I think thematically, 2 things are playing out here. One, the hard work in terms of creating this global
platform for these hyperscalers across approaching 50 metropolitan areas on 6 continents, and really
trying to be their trusted partner of choice around the globe is certainly benefiting our leasing or signing
activity.

And I would also say, we're making some great inroads to what you call it, next tier or next-gen
hyperscalers. I think a couple of quarters ago, we had a hyperscale win with a Singapore-based
technology company. I mentioned the Japanese social media company. We mentioned Korean company
NAVER. So definitely penetrating a broader cast of customers than just top 5 CSPs at the same time.

Operator

The next question comes from Michael Rollins of Citi.

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Just a couple of questions. First, if you look at the bookings trajectory and just some of the commentary
we just heard as well as just the backlog position, should 2022 be a better year for organic revenue
growth and core FFO per share growth relative to 2021? And then secondly, on a separate topic, just
curious, as you have a range of assets in your portfolio, some very young, some older, what are you
seeing in terms of the maintenance capital and the pricing on facilities that are a bit more tenured relative
to maybe some facilities that are a bit newer in vintage?

Andrew P. Power
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Sure. Michael, why don't I try to tackle those in reverse order. So in terms of maintenance capital,
obviously, the older the facility the more you approach end of life on various components. But that's no
different than any piece of infrastructure or real estate. So replacing a roof, placing a chiller, you kind of
get to these 20-, 30-year end of life and 1 by one. Now the good thing is we've built this portfolio over
many years and essentially keep adding newer product to the mix at the same time. So we've been able
to keep our recurring CapEx at a pretty modest hit to our AFFO. We actually dialed it back slightly just this
for the year, our guidance table.

So I wouldn't say any material uptick. And we do a lot of maintenance throughout the year in terms of
fixed repair, preventative and to ensure that there's no looming infrastructure headaches, call it, on the
horizon.

From a pricing standpoint, Obviously, there's smaller nuances, whether it's PUE efficiencies or power
densities, which we certainly are innovating and bringing to bear new technologies in terms of legacy
facilities. But net-net, the biggest driver is supply and demand in the market. a data center that becomes
available for us in Santa Clara or Singapore or Frankfurt or markets that are competitively demand
outpacing supply, customers are creating the availability and not looking for the birth date. So I think
that's more of a driver of the pricing activity.

So on your first question, I mean, on, call it, 2022, I mean we're only, call it, half time here. So not ready
to roll out season 2 or whatever. But I would say a couple of things that set us up for accelerating growth
overall. One, I spoke a little bit to the cash mark-to-market position, and it's been improving this year
relative to last year and see it arise and where it could continue to improve. Two, this year, we took a
significant relative to our churn in the Ashburn, we took back a significant amount of capacity that we're
chopping wood on re-leasing. So that we're having downtime from that vacant capacity in our numbers

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

here. You can see in our occupancy as well. And you're going to see that come online as we refill that and
have a greater contribution to revenue in 2022 than it does in 2021.

So I think those elements and the fact that I think we've now put up I should count this, but I think it's
close to 8 pretty darn good quarters of consecutive leasing, right? You obviously have to adjust to our
pre-interaction days relative to our denominator, but the leasing has been pretty darn consistent for some
quarters now. So I think all those things, the picture as well as a pretty attractive development pipeline,
which will obviously have a greater contribution to 2022 than '21.

Operator

The next question comes from Simon Flannery of Morgan Stanley.

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great to see the enterprise coming back this quarter. Do you think we're pretty much back to normal
now in terms of your operations? I know there's been COVID picking up again in certain regions. Any
comments around supply chain inflationary impacts and how that might be affecting you?

Andrew P. Power
Chief Financial Officer

Let me try to divvy up that question because I think there's a couple of great points in here. Maybe Corey,
do you want to pick up on enterprise demand. I was really pleased on that front. I mean, north of $19
million in EMEA, 0 to 1 megawatt, close to 50% of our bookings. But Corey can speak to that. And then
maybe Chris and I can handle the inflation impacts on our customers and our supply chain.

Corey Dyer
Chief Revenue Officer

Yes. Simon. I went through it a little bit with some of the kind of, I'll say, proxy items for enterprise
success and the fact that we've got a strong pipeline. And I'd call it a strong, well-qualified pipeline
with quality as well. So we really feel good about where the enterprise is and the follow-on. All of the
acceleration in the hybrid IT and the move to, I'll call it, work from home, I think, has just accelerated the
enterprise demand and how we're set up with our channel initiatives and what we're doing there are just
going to help us continue to build on that.

So rather than repeat what I think I answered with Mike earlier, I would just tell you that the enterprise
demand is strong, and I think we're in a good place going forward. It's been accelerated a little bit by the
pandemic in the last couple of years, but in a good place going forward.

Arthur William Stein
CEO & Director

Yes. No. Thanks, Corey. I appreciate the question, Simon. I think from a supply chain and what we've
seen in the industry, we haven't seen any material impacts or delays at this point in time. We work
extensively with our customers to understand their needs and their requirements for the infrastructure
in their deployments. And so we align their orders to manufacturing dates. There's been some delays,
but most of the time, we can signal that right in the beginning of the sales cycle to ensure that they can
order them and not miss any kind of delivery dates from that perspective. But again, it's something we
constantly watch with the different types of manufacturers out there. And I think, Andy, referenced this
earlier, our VMI program with the infrastructure that we leverage in delivering our own services, we're way
ahead of that. And I think we've really differentiated ourselves with the weight in the market that we can
execute, I think, beyond most of the other companies out there. So it's something that we watch closely,
but no material impact to date.

Operator

The next question comes from Erik Rasmussen of Stifel.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Erik Peter Rasmussen
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

So Q2 leasing was somewhat steady in the quarter. I know you called out U.S. and hyperscale came back,
and then I think there was strength on the less-than-1 megawatt category. But were there any limitations
with overall capacity in certain markets? Or is there anything else to sort of call out that could have put a
damper on -- or kept a lid on sort of your leasing in the quarter?

Andrew P. Power
Chief Financial Officer

I mean, in any given quarter, there's always certain markets that are, call it, tighter on the inventory
standpoint. I mean we about that, how we run into that in Ashburn. Luckily, it was a good time for us to
run into that in Ashburn because the market has softened. What comes to mind right now, Erik, are a few
markets that are certainly a little bit on the tighter side. We have -- I don't think we've done much activity
in Santa Clara for several quarters now because that market has been so tight, and we're waiting for new
capacity to come online.

In Atlanta, where we're really solely focused on colo connectivity, our 56 Marietta, which is most highly
connected data center in the Southeast is 100% full. We're waiting for an annex building essentially to
bring on to call it, several megawatts of colo capacity. Outside the states, Frankfurt has been a bit of the
TETRAS game in terms of fitting the customers in, in certain markets. And in Singapore, that's a market
where I don't think we're fully sold out, but it's -- we've raised our rates given the supply demand --
tremendous supply-demand imbalance. We do look at any churn we'll have in that market where we look
to re-productize for enterprise colocation and connectivity. Those are the ones -- the name the ones that
come top of mind. But I mean, across metros and developing our new capacity, at least half of them, I'm
sure there's 1 or 2 out that would be similar.

Erik Peter Rasmussen
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Great. And then maybe just staying with the leasing, Europe seemed to -- there was some lower leasing
on the greater-than-1 megawatt category. Has there been any change in sort of the hyperscale side that
would suggest that things might be slowing or that we could be hitting a little bit of an air pocket there?
Or -- I wouldn't say air pocket, but just slowing. Or is it more of just sort of timing in that market and just
the lumpiness nature of overall hyperscale?

Andrew P. Power
Chief Financial Officer

I don't see anything close to an air pocket in Europe. So as a reminder, Europe had a pretty phenomenal
4Q and a pretty strong 1Q. So you're coming off 2 quarters of pretty good leasing and what we're seeing
in the back half of the year. I think that trend is going in the north of a megawatt territory is going to
continue. It's broad based. It's certainly flat oriented where I talked about Paris and Frankfurt as 2
standout markets, but we're also seeing some great demand outside the flat markets. And we now have a
European platform that's across 10, maybe 12 European countries.

So we're servicing the hyperscalers and some larger enterprise requirements in many of them. But the
thing what I hate is Europe didn't have a great -- north of a megawatt quarter because it had a really
fantastic less than a megawatt quarter over $19 million and had numerous markets to major contribution
in that less than a megawatt interconnection category. So net-net, still really pleased with Europe.

Operator

The last question comes from Frank Louthan of Raymond James.

Frank Garrett Louthan
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Great. On Singapore, what goes up comes down. It's been a real nice boost this year with kind of their
-- the way they restricted the supply. But at some point, is that some point that probably resolves itself,
what kind of terms are you getting there with the higher prices, signing leases or customers just taking
shorter duration terms given the price hikes? And are we looking at some of this pulling back a little bit in
12 or 24 months? Or is -- do you think this is going to be a longer-term situation there?

Andrew P. Power
Chief Financial Officer

One, I would say the customers are not seeking shorter contract durations because we price those at
higher rates. And you saw the activity, the Singapore rates are clearly shown through our APAC rates,
which you can see are up again quarter-over-quarter. I don't -- Singapore is 1 part of the world that I
have a high degree of confidence what goes up and may not come back down. I mean, one, it's an island
state. It is incredibly government-controlled. Everyone is operating under long-term ground leases with
the government and they take a very thoughtful and measured approach to supply chain overall, who
gets land, who gets to bring data center capacity online. And they're really trying to curate it so they have
the right providers and do so in a more environmentally friendly way. That's the genesis of this, right? So
that's a market I do not see, in addition to the fact it's an island. So you're going to cut more quickly run
out the natural resources in Singapore.

Operator

This concludes the question-and-answer portion of today's call. I'd now like to turn the call back over to
CEO, Bill Stein, for his closing remarks. Please go ahead.

Arthur William Stein
CEO & Director

Thank you, Andrea. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our highlights for the second quarter,
as outlined here on the last page of our presentation. One, we continue to enhance our product mix with
record bookings within our sub-1 megawatt plus interconnection category, demonstrating the progress
we've made in offering the full product spectrum to our customers globally. We are also committed to
delivering sustainable growth for all stakeholders and we provided additional transparency with the
publication of our third annual ESG report. We've also raised full year revenue and EBITDA guidance in
the second quarter in a row, setting the stage for accelerating growth in cash flow. Last, but not least,
we further strengthened our balance sheet, redeeming high coupon preferred equity and raising very
attractively priced long-term fixed-rate financing to support customer growth around the world.
I'd like to wrap up today by saying thank you to the entire Digital Realty family whose hard work and
dedication is directly responsible for this consistent execution. I hope all of you stay healthy and safe and
enjoy the rest of your summer. We hope to see many of you in person again later this year. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

