Discovery, Inc. NasdaqGS:DISC.A
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, May 06, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.84

-

3.57

0.73

3.04

3.42

Revenue  (mm)

2706.85

2683.00

(0.88 %)

2613.46

10571.28

11323.25

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-04-2020 10:10 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.98

0.82

0.92

0.84

0.98

0.87

0.98

-

0.00 %

6.10 %

6.52 %

3.57 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

Presentation

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew T. Slabin
Executive Vice President of Global
Investor Strategy

David M. Zaslav
President, CEO & Director

Gunnar Wiedenfels
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Douglas David Mitchelson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jessica Jean Reif Ehrlich
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

John Janedis
Wolfe Research, LLC

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Michael Brian Nathanson
MoffettNathanson LLC

Richard Scott Greenfield
LightShed Partners

Zilu Pan
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Discovery Inc. First Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being
recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice
President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may begin.

Andrew T. Slabin
Executive Vice President of Global Investor Strategy

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Discovery's first quarter 2020 earnings call.
Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Gunnar Wiedenfels, our
Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on
our website. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar, and then
we will open the call for question.

Before I start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business
plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the
safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made
based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events and they involve risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing
projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to
update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please
see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission.

And with that, I would like to turn the call over to David.

David M. Zaslav
President, CEO & Director

Good morning, and welcome, everyone, to our Q1 earnings conference call. These are clearly
unprecedented times as we confront the challenge unlike anything in recent history. I want to start by
thanking frontline heroes everywhere for the life-saving work, especially here in New York, which has had
a big battle on its hands, the doctors, nurses, EMTs and all of the first-responders. And on behalf of all of
us at Discovery, we thank you.

I am enormously proud of how our leadership team and employees have stepped up and pulled together
during this time. They have done so with resilience, heart and creativity. Their health and safety is
everything to us at Discovery and to me. With meaningful populations across Asia, Latin America and
Europe, we have been at this for about 3 months starting with office closures across Asia in January.

I'm proud to say that our business has not missed a beat. Our early and continued investment in
technology and automation, and moving our broadcast and global infrastructure into the cloud is serving
us very well at this time. We are extremely pleased with the level of productivity, the morale of our
employee base, and how well we are able to serve viewers, advertisers and our key partners, even as we
work remotely. We continue to have great command and control across our businesses everywhere in the
world.

With so much macro uncertainty, there are obviously a lot of questions at this time about impacts on our
business, the direction of the economy and markets and the broader video ecosystem, all well founded,
and we are left with a number of unknowns ourselves. Yet, these uncertain times highlight the distinct
characteristics of Discovery's business and the strategic advantages that set us apart.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

We have content leadership in core genres that are durable, popular and differentiated. We have an
efficient low-cost content production model with global appeal that offers viewers and partners safe and
positive brand environments. We have short production cycles that provide us with the ability to refresh
our deep library quickly and efficiently. And we have demonstrated this with more than 50 self-shot shows
turned around in weeks, sometimes days, including the extension of our TLC juggernaut 90 Day Fiance:
Self-Quarantined.

We have a deep and broad library that we can reach into to nourish and entertain a wide range of
consumers globally. And we have revenues that are 40% long cycle. They're contracted affiliate fees and
an asset mix largely insulated from some of the most near-term challenge segments, namely, theme
parks, cruise ships, scripted production, film studios, among others. Our core programming genres,
trusted brands and authentic real-life talent offer comfort, familiarity and consistency to families and
viewers around the world, something that is very relevant during this cultural moment.

Our talent is enthusiastically creating new content at a time when most others can't. They are proudly
taking us into their homes, their kitchens, garages, gardens or basement science labs. And this is truly
what we and what our personalities are all about. We're about authentic, real-life storytellers. As I've
always said, we are strongest when we are closest to real and in the moment with our viewers. We've
never been so much so as we are right now.

As an example, look at Ree Drummond, The Pioneer Woman from Food Network. Along with her band
of kids that are filming her in her home, she is producing fresh episodes that audiences love, and she is
having fun and relaxed around her family in her home, and it shows and resonates. She is nourishing
viewers in a truly authentic way.

A few weeks ago, Joanna Gaines took viewers into their home kitchen with a special in The Kitchen
quarantine episode on Food Network, which was mostly filmed by the Gaines kids. Close to 3 million
viewers tuned in, the network's highest-rated in The Kitchen ever. And a little over a week ago, we
leveraged DIY's newly expanded reach for a 4-hour block to preview Magnolia Presents: A Look Back &
Look Ahead. The special drew over 2.5 million viewers, DIY's highest ever.

But more tellingly, the 7 p.m. episode on DIY with Chip and Joanna was second only to CBS's 60 Minutes
in the time slot. It also helped to drive a meaningful uptick on GO for DIY. We believe there is a huge and
special appetite for Chip and Jo, 2 strong and authentic voices, and they are curators across television and
streaming, supported by their combined almost 20 million followers on Instagram alone. Their inspiring
focus on home, family, food, faith and community has never been more resonant than now. We're seeing
that with everything they come in contact with, including Jo's cookbooks, which were #1 and 2 on The
New York Times Best Seller list last week. The audience reaction and viewership we have already seen
for Chip and Jo, as well as their programming, gives us a real sense of confidence that we will be able
to successfully launch Magnolia Network to a very large audience, both on cable and online. Viewers in
general, who are home around the world are indeed finding us.

In April, our portfolio continued to outperform the marketplace with significant ratings growth, led in prime
time in the U.S. by TLC, the #1 cable network among women. And the function and utility of networks like
the Food Network, HGTV, DIY and the Cooking Channel has driven meaningful viewership gains. And we
are proud to have supported the many global distribution partners that have asked to include a number
of our channels in their free previews for broader availability to their viewers around the world during this
time. While this incremental distribution will mostly be temporary, viewership across networks like DIY
are up over 100%, and many of our networks are reaching all-time highs. We believe that some of these
viewers who have reengaged or discovered our networks for the first time will continue to make us a part
of their everyday viewing, even after this moment passes.

Internationally, our portfolio has enjoyed a strong uptick, both in linear and in our DTC next-gen
initiatives. In Q1, we delivered the highest-ever average audience for our total international portfolio,
which was up 4% in overall share. Additionally, we saw best-ever viewership for a number of key brands
in the quarter, including TLC, DMAX, HGTV and Food Network, the latter is driven by impressive growth in
Italy and new network launches in Colombia, Peru and Ireland.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

In terms of our streaming portfolio, Dplay, Motor Trend, TVN's Player, GO and Food Network Kitchen are
all seeing strong upticks. And Food Network Kitchen also took a meaningful step forward last week with a
strong and expanded Amazon partnership, which is offering this first-of-its-kind food and cooking products
to tens of millions of their Fire TV users free for a year courtesy of Amazon, along with marketing by
Amazon on Fire TV. And it's off to a great start.

Gunnar will take you through the quarter and provide some color on the current state of play. So I'd like to
offer some high-level thoughts on the industry and our place within it.

Clearly, these are challenging times. And while there is significant uncertainty from a cyclical perspective, I
don't subscribe to the view that consumption and behavioral patterns being shaped by the coronavirus will
be permanently disruptive. The nearer-term question is, of course, what is the magnitude and duration
of this quarantine moment? And what will an eventual recovery look like? In many countries, operating
trends may worsen before they get better. But given our unique reach and coveted demos, we like our
portfolio, and we really like our hands. Anchored by strong verticals and endemic advertisers, we have a
differentiated offering when the marketplace resumes to more normalized operating conditions. And the
idea that we will emerge will -- with significantly more share and having had for weeks or months people
spending a lot more time with our channels, our characters and our brands, we think, will provide nothing
put value.

As for distribution, we naturally won't be immune from subscriber churn from pay TV, particularly in cases
where it is driven by economic pressures. Though we are as well represented as anyone across the OTT
and skinny bundle landscape in the U.S. and around the world, and we continue to enhance our portfolio
of global AVOD and SVOD content and lifestyle platforms.

We've recently completed distribution renewals with some key partners in the U.S. for carriage of all of our
channels. There was a time when many questioned whether in our renewals, we would be able to include
all of our channels. We have, which underscores the value of our characters, our programming and most
importantly, our brands. We remain confident in both our financial and operational model, which is one
of the most efficient in the industry. We drive an unparalleled conversion of OIBDA to free cash flow. And
though there remain a number of moving pieces, we would expect this to continue. Gunnar and his team
have been opportunistic and have done a great job managing our leverage portfolio and maturities, which
he will touch on shortly.

Lastly, we've adopted and evolved as a leadership team, and I am proud of our performance. And I'm
confident that we will emerge a stronger and more focused company when we resume business as usual.

Before I turn the call over to Gunnar, I'd like to once again thank our hardworking employees for their
dedication and resiliency in this most uncertain time to deliver an outstanding product on a global scale.
And now I'd like to turn the call over to Gunnar.

Gunnar Wiedenfels
Chief Financial Officer

Good morning. Thank you again for joining us this morning. I'd like to echo what David said and thank all
of the frontline workers who have tirelessly provided critical services and a big thank you to Discovery's
dedicated employees working from home to ensure that our business remains on track.

Turning to our Q1 results. We had a solid January and February before we began to feel the impact from
the COVID-19 pandemic. We did note a very modest impact to advertising, specifically in Asia, when we
spoke with you last on February 27. This naturally evolved throughout the region and then to Europe
beginning in early March, with closures in many of our key markets such as Italy and Poland, among
others, followed by closures here in the U.S. for a good portion of March. Though even with that, total
revenues in Q1 were largely flat on a constant currency basis while AOIBDA declined 3% year-over-year,
ex FX, as we've continued with plans to invest and support our next-generation initiatives.

As a reminder, in late March, in conjunction with the move of the Olympic Games from this summer to
next, we recalled our forward-looking financial projections and outlook for both Q1 and the year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Let me review our key revenue drivers, beginning with U.S. advertising, which was flat versus the prior
year. As noted, we did see some impact from the lockdowns in March with an uptick in cancellations and
deferrals. To some extent, the rise in cancellations in March was offset by higher audience deliveries. With
people isolating at home, delivering the people 25 to 54 demo across our portfolio of networks increased
by over 10% in total day versus the pre stay-at-home period. Audience growth has been particularly
strong for our Food and Home Networks, which provide useful ideas, comfort and inspiration for families
who are hunkered down and more engaged with cooking and home projects.

The number of Discovery's largest advertising categories are holding up nicely, such as certain CPG
verticals like food and cleaning products, pharmaceuticals, insurance, financials and e-commerce
companies, while travel, movie studios and some autos and retailers understandably cut back significantly.
We have predictably seen higher cancellations and deferrals in Q2. And based on preliminary results, April
is down around 20% year-over-year. And based on business booked for the remainder of the quarter,
both May and June are looking slightly better than April. But we remind you that this is a very fluid
marketplace at the moment with a lot of cancellations rolling month-to-month. And where appropriate,
we're accommodative as best as we can to our partners' needs.

U.S. distribution in Q1 was up 2% year-over-year as rate increases were partially offset by linear
subscriber declines. We recently completed affiliate deals with some of our key distribution partners,
which we believe helps underscore the value of our content as well as provides visibility on rate increases.
Subscribers to our fully distributed networks, which account for around 80% of total U.S. distribution
revenues, were down 4% year-over-year at the end of March, while total portfolio subscribers were down
6%, in line with our prior commentary of reverting back in line with the broader industry trends.

As a reminder, this is the first full quarter having fully lapped Hulu and Sling. We haven't seen any
distinguishable COVID-related impact on subscriber trends, though we don't necessarily have real-time
color as we receive remits 1 to 2 months in arrears. And we obviously aren't immune from overall trends,
which are naturally dependent on the magnitude and duration of this current moment across the country
and potential long-term macroeconomic implications.

Turning to international. Advertising in Q1 was flat year-over-year, ex FX. For the first 2 months of the
year, international advertising was pacing up 5%, which includes the previously noted deferrals in APAC.
As many of our key advertising markets in Europe began to shut down, we saw a more pronounced
impact, with March down nearly 10% year-over-year. Unlike the U.S., which enjoys the benefit of a
structured upfront marketplace, many international markets are more flexible with advertising volume,
reacting more immediately to changes in economics or viewing shares, both down as well as up. Based on
preliminary results, April is down about 40% in aggregate across all international regions. Depending on
the market, the range is anywhere from down 30% to down 50%.

And though early, and only 1 data point, we are starting to see some signs of stabilization in markets like
China, Taiwan and Korea. So this is a relatively small portion of our mix.

International distribution was up 1% year-over-year ex FX in Q1. As we've mentioned before, we are
accelerating the rollout of our D2C services like Dplay, in some cases, coming at the expense of our
linear business, which is a response to market behaviors in countries like Denmark. Consolidation among
distributors means that we have to push harder to get full value for our content portfolio. As such, we
have continued to play more offense, which infers that we may, and are, facing incremental top line
headwinds. This is even more pronounced at a time when there are no sports as our value proposition in
key markets in Europe is predicated on local sports, for example, in Denmark and Sweden, where Dplay
has near exclusivity on certain football rights.

Naturally, with no sports being played anywhere in the world, both the Eurosport Player and GOLFTV
and even certain premium tiers of Dplay have seen a pullback in activity, which has weighed on segment
performance, though we expect momentum to continue whenever play resumes. Though even without
sports at the moment, we are seeing nice momentum in Dplay subscriber growth, driven by our
compelling entertainment offering.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Similar to the U.S., we have not seen any material change in net subscriber trends. Though where
appropriate, we may work with distributors in an effort to be good partners and helpful as they seek to
absorb near-term churn. Even amidst the uncertainty surrounding our revenue, we feel very confident in
our ability to flex our cost structure to mitigate as much of the top line shortfalls as we can.

As you know, following the Scripps acquisition, we've been disciplined about the management and
transformation of our cost base and rightsizing our operations to reflect the state of the industry. While
the merger provided a great opportunity to open up and examine many of our practices and procedures,
so too, we believe, will this moment. And you should expect us to be appropriately focused here as well.
We are learning valuable lessons during this lockdown period. Case in point, as David mentioned earlier,
content produced by our talent at home has proven to be some of our most successful programming, and
we're not making just an hour here or there. So far, during the lockdown period, we've been able to create
nearly 350 hours of new premier content.

Furthermore, with traditional content production largely shut down or paused, we expect to see content
amortization savings versus our 2020 plan as less originals premier, even as we continue to make certain
content investments in our next-generation initiatives. With sports currently sidelined, we're not expensing
the rights cost, though these costs are only being deferred until a bit later in the year if and when sports
return.

We are also refining all marketing and personnel-related expenses as we've implemented a hiring
freeze, and as you could imagine, T&E spend is minimal currently. At this point, we currently expect
total operating expenses to be around flat with last year on a constant currency basis as we continue to
reallocate investment to our next-generation portfolio. Accordingly, we expect expenses related to the
core traditional business to decline in the mid- to high single-digit range. To the extent that there is either
a faster-than-expected return to normalcy or a far more protractive one beyond the end of the year, we
would expect total expenses to fluctuate a few percentage points above or below our current flat outlook
based on how quickly we can begin to ramp up production and see a recovery in advertising sales.

Turning to free cash flow, which was down year-over-year in Q1. Some of this was timing related like
our cash tax payment, while the rest was related to the increased level of planned investments prior to
the pandemic. While we don't anticipate sustaining the same level of free cash flow generated last year,
we still expect to achieve an industry-leading AOIBDA to free cash flow conversion rate, though there
are a number of moving pieces on the working capital front that could influence free cash flow in either
direction based upon when we begin to ramp production as well as how the cash cycle and the advertising
ecosystem evolves.

We remain comfortable with our balance sheet and our current leverage ratio at 3.2x on an LTM basis.
I am confident in our liquidity position, having finished the quarter with roughly $1.5 billion of cash and
another $2 million of availability under our fully committed revolver. We have $600 million of debt coming
due in June and no additional maturities until June of next year when $640 million of notes mature.

The rating agencies have remained supportive of our business plan and capital structure, an important
signal during this moment. We remain committed to our investment-grade credit ratings as recently
affirmed by the rating agencies and to our longer-term net leverage target of 3 to 3.5x.

We filed a separate 8-K this morning outlining an amendment we signed with our bank group. You can
refer to the 8-K for additional details. This amendment relates to gross leverage covenant in our revolver
to 5.5x beginning in Q3 returning to its original 4.5x threshold by Q3 of 2021. While we do not expect
to approach this level, we requested this change out of an abundance of caution in order to preserve
full access to our revolving credit facility throughout this period of uncertainty. Any increase in leverage,
should it occur, should be viewed as temporary and related only to impacts of COVID-19 rather than a
change in financial policy.

And with respect to this additional cushion, when reflecting on the point that David made, I believe
it's worth reemphasizing that given our asset mix and what I would consider to be very flexible as the
adaptive methods of production, should our traditional production chain be impaired for an overly long

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

period of time, we would fair relatively well from a cash efficiency profile. That is to say, we would be able
to produce impactful and relevant content on very attractive unit cost per hour for as long as needed.

Turning to capital allocation. In Q1, we repurchased $523 million worth of shares, reducing our share
count by over 19 million shares. We have largely been out of the market since we reported our 2019
results, with the exception of a short period in late February, early March, in which we purchased around
$200 million of our equity. We have $1.8 billion left on our authorization. And finally, FX was approximately
a $30 million drag to revenues and a $10 million drag to AOIBDA in Q1. For the year based on current
rates, we expect FX to have a negative $130 million to $140 million impact on revenues and a negative
$30 million impact on AOIBDA.
With that, I'd like to turn the call back to the operator to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America Securities.

Jessica Jean Reif Ehrlich
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I just have a couple of questions, first, on sports. Gunnar, our business clear -- I wasn't clear on -- and
you're not recognizing sports cost, but on a cash basis, are you paying right now? And if you are, what
flexibility will you get kind of in the back end? And are you changing your approach to the Olympics now
that they're moved? Is there anything different? Will the loss be the same a year from now? That's the
sports is one thing.

Direct-to-consumer on Food Network Kitchen, this -- like, every day is like your Super Bowl, unfortunately.
I mean it's good for you, but can you give us an update on how it's doing? I know you moved out Magnolia
timing, but if you can give us an update on direct-to-consumer.

And then finally, sorry for so much, but cancellations were due last week for a third quarter. Can you give
us some color on what you're seeing because your advertising, actually, what you're seeing so far seems
actually pretty good.

David M. Zaslav
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Why don't I get started, and then I'll pass it over to Gunnar. Having no sports is a challenge for all of
us. But 90% of our deals have either forced majeure provisions or provisions that specifically relate to us
not paying for content that we don't get. And so I think we did a particularly good job in our sports deals,
which we expect that they'll come back, and it will just be a move. But to the extent that they don't, we
have a real opportunity with that. On the Olympics, we think it's going to probably be a little bit better for
us because one of the issues with the Olympics is it's separated by such a long period of time.

In terms of building our digital direct-to-consumer platform, the fact that we'll have summer and then
winter only a few months apart, the fact that we can get advertisers in to both of them together where we
could string it together. And we're hoping that when people get to Tokyo, it's going to be a real opportunity
for people to get back together with a lot of excitement. I think when sports does come back, it's going to
come back very big. People are really yearning for it. I'm excited in talking to Jay Monahan, who's doing a
terrific job as Commissioner of PGA, and we're, as you know, partners around the world, hoping to come
back in June and has a great plan for it, and we're rooting for that. I think that we really need -- we need
sports.

Having said that, what we're experiencing is different than what's here in the U.S. As I've said for a
very long time, sports works differently outside the U.S. When people want sports, in most cases, it's on
premium and then making the choice to pay for it. Here, we have an overstuffed bundle where sports
has been stuffed in and leveraged in, which is one of the reasons why we see this, the challenge that the
U.S. marketplace has been seeing, where subs are flat or slightly growing around the world and declining
here. It's because 20, 30 -- between $20 and $30, sometimes more of sports rights are being paid by
consumers, and they're not getting. And so right now, consumers in this difficult time, this really highlights
the idea that there's a huge subsidy that's being paid for sports and now at a time when they're paying
the subsidy, which creates I think, even more of a challenge when people say, "Why am I paying that?"
And that may be one of the reasons why you're seeing some people disconnect.

Having said that, I look at Food and HG and Cooking, we're the new sports. Our channels are the new
sports. The numbers are huge. The engagement with our characters, with our talent is enormous. We're
the real-time player right now on television, whether it's Mike Rowe on his couch or Guy Fieri or Ina
Garten or Ree Drummond, where 350 hours of live content that's really working with our characters.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

And so we've skirted most of the sports issue, but I do think it's an overhang here in the U.S., and we're
leaning into our channels like we are sports. We are real-time in many ways. And as you look at what's
going on in the U.S., you have news networks and then you have TLC and HGTV as the big networks.

So with that, I'll just say that Amazon, it just started a week ago, but whether they have 30 million or
40 million, they have tens of millions of subscribers to Fire. They love Food Network Kitchen. They're
providing the opportunity for people to get that for a year for free, which we think is fantastic. The
partnership is strong, and they're marketing it. And I agree with you that this is a moment where we can
really shine with that. So Gunnar?

Gunnar Wiedenfels
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So maybe just a couple of points to add, I mean, on the cash flow question. Forwards, it's going to be
a mix so far. Most of the events have been postponed rather than canceled. So you should expect not only
the P&L, but also the cash profile, to be adjusting accordingly, and we will keep an eye on this as we go
through the rest of the year.

Regarding the Olympics, we will have 2 events much closer together, which should be a positive. We also
have a little more time to get to prepare the ad market to go to market with bundled packages. So those
would be positives. But bottom line is it's a little early to start about a specific guidance. But right now, I
wouldn't see a material change versus what we had guided for this year.

And then regarding the cancellations, you're right, the upfront option cancellation period has started. It's
way too early to have a view. And as I said a couple of minutes ago, we will make sure that we work in
partnership with our own here and work through this together.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.

Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

David, I just want to pick up on the comments you were making before about the sort of sports subsidy
in the U.S. and what's happening to the ecosystem. And I think everything you're saying makes a lot of
sense. And all of these trends are probably accelerating because of this financial and health situation going
on. As you pointed out, you have been talking about a U.S. OTT offering of your sort of core content now
for maybe a year, maybe a little less. And I'm just wondering if what's happening in the marketplace with
cable operators increasingly just passing on these sports costs to the consumer, pushing people out of the
bundle is accelerating your thought process or changing how you think about it.

And your reach is falling in the U.S. really with no fault to you guys. It's really an industry issue. And
you've got obviously massive consumption through streaming, including on a lot of your products, but you
still haven't laid out to us or thought -- talked publicly more about how you plan to expand kind of the
core IP. So anyway, I don't know if you're ready to talk about that in more detail, but I'd love to just get
an update on that because I think it's a really interesting opportunity for you guys.

David M. Zaslav
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Well, look, I think the advantage to us right now is that people are spending a lot more time with
our channels. Our share is up really significantly everywhere in the world, and it's 2 months here. It's
longer than that in a number of areas in Europe and Asia. And behaviorally, people are spending a lot
more time with our characters and our channels. And we think that, that's a huge benefit to us on this
existing platform. Because there's a real habit here. And as well, we're seeing it in a meaningful way on
GO. We're not able to fully monetize all the share, obviously, domestically and around the world. But it's
-- we view this really as an important moment for us because as a company, our focus is to entertain and
when we're at our best, to inspire. And that's what we have a great, great creative team that's doing all
kinds of content from home. We're learning a ton. And it's resonating with distributors. They've come to
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

us and say, "Could we add DIY, many of them to all of our subscribers? Can we add Cooking to all of our
subscribers? You have a lot of other channels that are very strong, your Hispanic channels. Can we add
them?" This is going on in Latin America, in Europe and the U.S. and they're getting very good feedback,
and the viewership is increasing significantly.

And so I think the viewership we're getting, in the average age on GO of 26, the viewership we're getting
for all of these channels and all of our characters around the world reinforces how valuable what we have
is. And it also, as these distributors take a look in the U.S., there's going to be, I believe, more and more
pressure on them because it's just becoming abundantly clear.

First of all, after 2 months -- people have been enjoying cable for 2 months, so it raises 2 questions. What
am I paying all that money to sports for? But also, this is a great product. I'm spending a lot more time,
and I'm really, really enjoying it. So what we should have in the U.S. is what everyone else has, which
is a bundle of content that doesn't have sports that would be very affordable. And we would likely see a
very quick turnaround in this issue of subscriber loss because we're saying, take it for 80, take it for 100
or don't take it at all. And even services like Philo is seeing -- which we're an investor at, is seeing big,
big uptake in this idea, and then you even have the broadcasters. And so I'm hoping that you follow the
behavior, you follow the need in the marketplace and you follow what's equitable and fair. And ultimately,
it might put pressure on some of these big sports players that are bundling and forcing and leveraging and
jamming to say even in this moment, "All right. Enough. Go ahead, and I'll give you more flexibility to give
America what they want, a chance to buy a multichannel and broadcast package without stuffed sports."

Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Right. That's helpful. I just...

David M. Zaslav
President, CEO & Director

We are -- we have been building. We have a very strong team. We have over 150 people, engineers
working. We slowed down a little bit because we can't hire new, but we're on track with our platforms, all
of the problems we have outside the U.S. are working exceptionally well. They're ours. And the platform
that we're working on here in the U.S. to give us full optionality to go right to the market is doing very
well. And so I think you'll hear more from us, but I think our IP looks stronger. And more and more, a lot
of these other platforms that don't have a lot of content are seeing how much people are spending time
with us. And they're talking to us about whether our content would be available to them. And right now,
we think our aggregate content is most valuable for us and for us to be able to continue to look at going to
noncable subs ourselves.

Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. That's really helpful. Just one quick follow-up on Food Network Kitchen. The Amazon announcement
it was quite interesting. I don't know, you're probably not willing to share the specifics, I'm just curious if
you're getting wholesale revenue or anything you can tell us about sort of the financial impact or even the
kind of marketing push that's going to be associated with that Amazon offer to their Fire subs, Fire users.

David M. Zaslav
President, CEO & Director

I would just recommend that you all go to Fire. We're on the front page. We're getting equal billing with
Hulu and some of the other big, great platforms. And there are some days where they put us on basically,
take over most of the page. And so they're a great partner. They love the product, and we're rolling
together.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Michael Brian Nathanson
MoffettNathanson LLC

David, a couple of questions for you. On the European side, where you have this fortunate -- are there any
minimum number of hours you need to deliver to maintain any type of license fees? So that's one.

And two is given how clean your company is on cash flow and the balance sheet, can you talk about
maybe leaning into M&A and how you would think about M&A given dislocated some of the valuations are
around the world?

David M. Zaslav
President, CEO & Director

Sure. On the sports side, we don't have anything in our existing deals. When you look at our aggregate
package that people are paying for in Europe, what we're delivering to customers is meaningfully higher
than it was before. Ratings are down significantly on Eurosport, and we'll be very excited when the sports
comes back. But no, there's nothing in those existing agreements. But again, the sub fee, for whatever
it's worth, is relatively small. It's very different than here in the U.S. It's not in the dollars or almost $10
range. It's much smaller. And so distributors tend to look at our overall delivery, and they're seeing --
we're one of the -- we're either the top performer or one of the top performers in every market in terms of
what we're delivering on a multichannel basis.

On M&A, all I would say is that we -- took us a very short time to absorb Scripps. Ken Lowe built a great,
great company with a great culture, and we've integrated it fully. We're really -- this is everything the best
of what Ken built and the best of what we built. We have a great leadership team that's fully integrated.
We view it as really the best of both companies, and it's presented that way. We're grateful for the great
comfort channels that we -- that are now part of our portfolio here and around the world. It's been a
huge help to us. We're so proud of those brands and all that great talent that was added. And we -- that
deal worked out really well. As you know, we added over $1 billion in free cash flow, and we did it in 18
months, and we went from 4.8x to 3x levered to below 3.5x levered. And so I think what we show to our
Board and to ourselves is that this is what we do, and we do it well.

Having said that, that was a really good transaction for us, not just because of synergy, but it was -- we
really bought IT. And we bought something that, with great characters, that added to our overall bouquet.
We believe that there's some good stuff out there, and great companies that might not be in the same
kind of free cash flow position with the same kind of balance sheet as us. So we are looking at everything.
We're going to be -- but we have a great hand right now. But I do think, depending on how this goes
over the next several months, there will be some companies that have great IP or great assets that are
facing some difficulty. And many of them, some of them have already come to us and said, "Hey, we look
a lot better with you. You have all that free cash flow. Instead of having to cut all this and try and figure
out if we could survive," And no other company has, "We have 10 to 12 channels in every country in the
world. We have -- so we have synergy in every country. We have an ability to promote those channels of
promotion in every country." And so we're going to be very careful and deliberate. We've got a great Board
that's good at this. We have Bob Miron and the Newhouse family that are focused on quality and spending
money on content and owning content globally. And we have John Malone, who's fully engaged in looking
at our balance sheet and looking at our overall strategic assets around the world and seeing what would
make us stronger. And so I think this is really a unique moment where we could lean into. We've got a
great Board with -- and we have a great leadership team, and we have a great balance sheet. So we'll be
patient. And if you see us do something, it will be because we think it's going to help us grow faster in this
new and changing world.

Michael Brian Nathanson
MoffettNathanson LLC

Okay. And can I ask you one last one on the upfront? Given the strength of your verticals, given that you
can actually have fresh content in the fall, how do you think about going to market in the upfront where
others maybe can't sell anything right now? So what's your strategy there?

David M. Zaslav
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Well, there is a divide in the market. And you'd expect that. It's such an unusual disruptive moment.
But there's a number of the big -- we're talking to all of the big players. And they're going to ultimately
make the decision for their advertising clients. I'd say more than 60% to 70% of them are saying -- or
more than 50% are saying, "Hey, we're going to do a regular upfront." And a number of them are saying,
"Maybe we shouldn't do a regular front. Maybe we should go later and see what happens and move later."
We're open for business. We have fresh content when others don't. And one of the things that we're
seeing is the live and engaged viewership on our channels have never been higher. And when people --
when the advertisers are putting on content that's in the moment that recognizes what's going on in the
world, the viewership of those commercials are up dramatically. People are watching the commercials
when they're talking about this is a tough moment in America, and here's what we're doing. People are
watching it. And so we're open for business.

Those that want to move in the traditional window, we'll move with them. Those that want to move
later, we'll move with them. And it's not for us to decide who's going to do better. It may be that the
ones that moved early do a lot better and maybe the ones that move later do better, but we're open for
business. And in the meantime, we're reducing our -- to the extent that we're not sold, we're reducing the
amount of inventory that we're selling. And we're finding that, that also is helping our ratings. And that's
something we need to do as an industry anyway.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Hodulik from UBS.

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Two questions. First, David, anything you can tell us about the pricing you saw on those recent renewals
you mentioned? And then a follow-up to Michael's question. Obviously, $1.5 billion in cash, a lot of
liquidity. You bought back more stock than we expected before the outbreak. Can you talk about what
you need to see going forward maybe from a stabilization of the ad market? Or what it would take for you
guys to restart the buyback?

David M. Zaslav
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Gunnar will -- I'll have Gunnar answer. Why don't you start off, Gunnar, with answering that, the
second part?

Gunnar Wiedenfels
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So yes, I mean, as you read this morning, we did buy back some stock right after our full year
earnings call. As you would expect us, we've been a little more careful since the beginning of the full
outbreak here. And as you would expect as well, we have taken precautionary measures to make sure that
our capital structure is in good shape. And again, from what we're seeing right now, we continue to have
a lot of confidence in our ability to generate free cash flow. We were free cash flow positive in the first
quarter. From what we're seeing, we're going to be free cash flow positive in April, et cetera. But as you
would expect, we don't have a lot of visibility into the second half of the year. And so from the perspective
of what I would have to see, clearly we'd be looking at a signal of a pickup in ad markets. And again,
we're not giving guidance here. We don't have the visibility. We thought it was helpful to provide you
with what we're seeing today, which was -- which is the April numbers. And from a booking perspective,
slightly better in May and June. But as I also said, I'm just giving that to you guys in full transparency
here. We're seeing a lot of rolling cancellations, et cetera. So take it with a grain of salt, yes? But -- so
that's really the point on capital allocation and buybacks.

And then the pricing on recent renewals, your first question, as you know, we don't disclose any details.
But what I can say is that I'm very happy with those deals. As we said many times before, we do believe

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

that we have amazing content, provide amazing value to our affiliates. And I'm not surprised that, again,
we were able to strike deals that are mutually beneficial, additional value on both sides. And we -- in
terms of the size of the portfolio, no re-tiering, et cetera, et cetera. So top to bottom, deals that are in line
with what we have been seeing in the past. David, anything...

David M. Zaslav
President, CEO & Director

Well, the only other thing I'd say is that there was a lot of talk. We even changed over the last several
years so that more than 80% of our value was against our top A channels. But all of our channels were
renewed right now and in -- and we got additional carriage for some of our channels in the renewals, in
some cases, meaningful additional carriage. And we -- after FOX NEWS launched, the next channel that
launched was OWN, which became the #1 channel for African-American women. That was us launching
new assets with new IP that we can take around the world. Then ID, which became the #1 channel or
#2 channel for women in all-day, which was our second asset hit. And we think, now looking at DIY in
the ratings and the fact that it's in more homes and what Chip and Joanna Gaines have been able to do
and the reception for the great content that they created not even just what they're doing themselves,
but their curation and taste, we have a chance to launch another good asset, really good asset that
advertisers love, both on cable and in digital. So we're very pleased with.

The negative is that, look, we're cheaper than 1 regional sports network. So in some ways, we're providing
all these value with all these characters, and we are the new sports, our key networks. But on the other
hand -- so we're very inexpensive. And I think the power of our channels is much more now as they take
a look, as operators take a look, the distributors, how much time are people spending with Food and HG?
They're watching it all. The length of view is higher than almost any channel in cable. And so I think the
good news is that we were able to do good deals. The issue is that we're not getting paid close to what we
deserve, a fraction of what we deserve for what we're delivering. But we're going to keep working on.

Gunnar Wiedenfels
Chief Financial Officer

David, let me add one more point, reflecting on Michael, on your question, and John, your question as
well, both for M&A and buybacks. You heard me say earlier that we're in a very constructive dialogue with
rating agencies. And you should know that we were continuing to honor our investment-grade rating. It's
a big priority for us. And that's the backdrop against which you should take all these answers regarding
whatever M&A, buybacks, et cetera.

Operator

And our next question comes from John Janedis from Wolfe Research.

John Janedis
Wolfe Research, LLC

David, you guys talked about pushing your OTT solutions more aggressively in Europe. I'm wondering,
does the COVID impact the rollout? And can you give us an update on the Dplay expansion?

And then separately, you talked about your short production cycle in fresh content. Can you give more
detail on how you're thinking about availability of originals across the platform later this year and into '21
relative to normal? And to what extent a nonscripted programming is better positioned relative to script
when production comes back online?

David M. Zaslav
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Look, Kathleen Finch is just a great creative executive. Nancy Daniels. We have creative leaders at
each of our channels, and we have go-to talent that are authentic. They love to cook. They -- Mike Rowe,
I've been on the call with him 3 times in the last week with ideas of what he could do and the excitement
of shooting before the catch from his couch. So we have a fully engaged creative team. And as Gunnar
said, over 50 projects, 350 hours.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

And one of the things that we're -- this idea of we're best when we're closest to real, if you're scripted,
the talent on there, they can come out and people know them. But the idea that we can get Guy Fieri
even close to live and maybe even eventually live from his kitchen, from his barbecue. And we have found
that the audience will go with us. And in some cases, they love it. "Oh, look at that, look at Guy. His son
is shooting it. I wonder what his son looks like. Look at his living room. Look at his kitchen. Guy, what's
that book behind you there? Did you get any recipes from that?" And so we're seeing big social energy
around it. Our talent is getting stronger. So we already had a short cycle, but now we're finding that we
can produce all this content, and it's dramatically cheaper. And in many cases, it feels more authentic and
the audience loves it. And so we're just leaning into it. Kathleen and Nancy and the whole team, Courtney
White and Jane Latman. Jane runs HG and Courtney runs Food. There, we're on the phone with them
every day. They're just super excited and so is the whole creative team that they could do this. And so I
think you're going to see a robust slate of content from us that will continue. And there will be others that
will be idle. We won't be idle.

Our issue is going to be, where is the advertising market. I think there's no question every week, our
ratings go up. Every week, people are spending more time with our portfolio. And they're enjoying it more.
And so the question for us simply is that we're dramatically under monetizing it right now, which is okay,
but we're also learning that with less commercials, we're actually finding that we're doing better. So I
think the slate is going to be a huge advantage for us and our characters, and their engagement is a huge
advantage.

On Dplay, we -- I think we have the right strategy, local sports, local entertainment and large library of
local entertainment that you grew up on. It's compelling. It's -- and it's understandable. So okay, I got
Disney+, great product. I have Netflix, great product. I got Amazon Prime, great product. But almost all
of them are very little amount of local. Whereas we're local, local, and people get it and it's growing, and
we're leaning into it. In some cases, we've decided to lean harder. And that's what you see that we did
in Denmark because it's a market that has been accelerating with direct-to-consumer. They have a huge
penetration of broadband, high speed. And so we're leaning into it. And JB and his team are doing a great
job with it. And we think the strategy is starting to break through. It's going to take more time, but this
moment is putting a lot more attention on all the direct-to-consumer products in a good way.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan.

Zilu Pan
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is Zilu Pan on for Alexia. Can we -- can you talk a little bit more about how your own streaming
services have trended in the Nordics after the discontinuation of your carriage agreements? And then just
on production, are there any countries where you still might be able to pursue normally that that you can
take advantage of?

David M. Zaslav
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Thank you so much. One point that I wanted to just add to the answer to John is, look, on Golf, on
the Eurosport player, on Cycling, where we don't have sports, it's dropped off significantly as you would
expect. And our free funnel is fine where people are coming in and they're reading from Golf Digest, and
they're seeing some short form content. But the fact that we don't have live sports is having a meaningful
impact on those businesses, as you'd expect. And we think when they come back, it will kick in.

In terms of traditional production, there's some that have come back a little bit in Asia, but it's mostly
shut down. We do have -- we have a lot of content that was shot that we're working on. We have content
in our library. We're shooting new, but the ability to actually -- we're not pushing for anyone to get out.
We had this moment after we closed down where we had a number of cases. As you know, we have over
10,000 employees. And it was tough. Those were 14 of maybe the toughest days for me in my life. Is

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

everyone okay that has this? We did had a number of employees that were struggling. And you feel it. You
feel it because they got sick coming to work.

And so we're not in any rush to push any because we're working remotely so effectively. We look good.
We haven't missed a beat. We've learned a ton but we don't want to push anybody into the field. We
don't want to have that feeling again. We had a call every morning on this virus. Who has it? Who's been
tested? What's going on? Who do they come in contact with? Really an extraordinary effort led by Adria
Alpert Romm and David Leavy, but it was every day. And so we're not in any rush to get back to those
calls because we couldn't breathe. And thank God, all of our employees are safe, and they've gotten
through it. Not so for a lot of employees' families, where there have been challenges, which everybody is
facing. But we're in no rush.

I will say this, that it's bringing this company together. When I joined Discovery, for 1 year, we had a call
every morning at 7:00 every morning. And it energized the company. We were all talking on one page.
And we have a call every day, every morning now, every single morning. And we're all together, what are
we doing today? It started out with what's going on with the virus, and now it's where are we winning?
How do we press on that? What -- how do we do this differently? How do we get less people in the office?
And we've learned a lot. We used to have 14 people in the control room. Now we're doing it with 1. So
there's going to be very significant change in business when we come out of this, I think, for the good in
terms of what we've learned, including how we shoot content and how we pay for it.

Gunnar Wiedenfels
Chief Financial Officer

Let me maybe add to the Nordics question. We're seeing dynamic growth on our Dplay platform.

Regarding the traditional affiliate deals, you mentioned sort of having lost deals. We've actually gone
dark on 1 -- with 1 traditional affiliate in Denmark, and we're seeing very dynamic growth on our Dplay
offering in that market, more so than in -- or above the already dynamic growth in other markets. And
beyond that, we're also very excited about sort of new types of partnership deals with the likes of Telia,
Telenor, where we're engaging in broader partnership deals, both on the traditional side as well as in the
wholesale, B2B2C relationship for our direct-to-consumer products, which I think is going to be a very
fruitful partnership mark.

Operator

Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson from Credit Suisse.

Douglas David Mitchelson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

A question for Gunnar, multi-part, and then a question for David as well. Gunnar, OpEx coming in $100
million or so lower year-over-year in 2020 is certainly interesting. When you look at the core decline
of mid- to high single-digits, how much of the costs that are coming out are temporary? How much is
permanent? And then you mentioned cost flex to the extent that there's a change in revenue versus
expectations. Where does that flex come from where the next round of cost mitigation start to impact DTC
efforts? Or is there still a material amount of flex in the traditional business?

And for David, in reference to Ben's question on streaming, before we start to run with the a la carte
narrative for Discovery, do your existing deals with Pay TV distributions -- distributors have any limitations
on Discovery and going direct-to-consumer sort of a la carte? And I'm sure you would like to work with the
cable guys on bundling with broadband, but do you have any concerns about putting satellite distribution
at risk? And I guess, for fun, how much do you think consumers would be willing to pay for a stand-alone
Discovery a la carte streaming service?

David M. Zaslav
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Why don't I start and then I'll pass it to Gunnar? We don't have limitations, but we also have a hell
of a business with our existing distributors. And I've been in this business for 30 years, and a lot of those
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

distributors are my best friends and we've done very well by supporting each other and working together.
That's what we're doing with GO with our authenticated product, and there's 30 million broadband-only
subscribers. And so whether it's Pat Esser at Cox; or whether it's Dave Watson at Comcast; or whether
it's Rutledge, Tom Rutledge at Charter, they're in the broadband business. There's 30 million people that
are broadband-only. And so we are in discussions with all of them about the fact that we have this great
package of content.

If you take a look at the front screen for Disney, you see Pixar and you see Marvel and you see Disney
films. And people look at that and go, "Oh, I love that stuff." And then imagine they open up and they
see HG and Food and Oprah and Discovery and BBC Planet Earth, and then behind each of those circles is
all the great talent that we have. And we've done a lot of research, and people look at that and they go,
"Wow! That's all -- that's 6 -- those are my 6 favorite channels. So that's 5 or 4 of my favorite channels,
and those are my favorite characters." So we all agree in talking to this -- everyone agrees there's a lot of
value there. And so I think you'll see over the next year or so, our goal is going to be to do something with
the distributors because they have direct access to those 30 million. And they have enormously helped
Netflix by promoting Netflix and by billing for Netflix. And the churn for Netflix and any product goes
down when an existing distributor that's billing bills for it, and they have a good relationship with all those
broadband subscribers because they're providing an incredible service.

And so I think it will start with that, and it has started with that. And so I think when you see us move,
you'll probably see us move broadly, but also in tandem in a way that creates value for both of us, which
is what we've been talking about and I think what a number of the distributors that we're talking to feel
good about and encouraged that instead of just doing our own thing, we're in talking to them about doing
some things together.

Gunnar Wiedenfels
Chief Financial Officer

Okay. Doug, on the OpEx side, I want to answer this on a couple of levels. Number one is we're still
enjoying significant impact from the transformation of our company. We had a full -- a toolbox here of
initiatives that were still in full swing as we came into the year, and we continue to deliver those. And
some of the longer-cycle cost improvements, where we had to put systems in place, et cetera, we're also
enjoying the fact that some of those investments are coming down, but we're reaping the benefits now.
So a lot of this is going to be lasting impact. Now obviously, there is timing stuff. If you look at T&E, for
example, you wouldn't expect us to spend a lot here. So obviously, that is going to be fired up again once
the global economy opens again, and that's explaining some of the variability.

There's also variability, obviously, as previously pointed out, in the direct-to-consumer space, where we
have a lot of acquisition costs that are variable, but also the pace at which we're hiring. As you would
imagine, we're going a little slower on hiring right now. So all those expense buckets are going to start to
ramp up.

And then finally, there's content where, obviously, it's a function of the ecosystem's ability to produce
and deliver content and the mix of sort of the in-home content that we talked about versus, let's call it,
traditional production.

So it's going to be a mix, and that's why we gave that range. Some of the expenses are going to come
up when the -- opens again, others are not. But I just want to reiterate the point, we had a large range
of transformation initiatives going into this year. And as you would expect, we're also learning right now,
and there's additional ideas coming through and going through the pipe here right now. Honestly, this
company is functioning very well in this environment. And there are a lot of learnings for us in the future
process setup.

Operator

And we'll take our last question from Rich Greenfield from LightShed Partners.

Richard Scott Greenfield
LightShed Partners

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

I just love -- David, kind of from a high level, when you think about the virtual MVPDs, I think you all did
a great job of getting onto these platforms and sort of using the crowbar of the Scripps acquisition to kind
of push your way into a lot of these packages. We saw Hulu last night on the live side. Their growth has
really slowed dramatically. I think they added like 100,000 subscribers in the first quarter. Is the vMVPD
-- like, what do you think is going on there? Like you would have thought with the click of a button, you
could add TV during the pandemic, while everyone is stuck at home, and you certainly didn't see that in
Hulu Live. What's going on with that part of the business? And is there anything that they can do in your
minds to reaccelerate growth?

David M. Zaslav
President, CEO & Director

I think it's simple. They're charging an awful lot of money. You can get a package of multichannel
television for $10 or $20, sometimes less than $10 everywhere in the world. And if you took sports out,
we could do that very easily. And so I think they're saddled with regional sports networks, saddled with
overstuffed re-trends and sports channels. And that's an issue in general. And I think that it's -- when you
look at that price now and you're not getting any sports, I'm not surprised. We're not seeing that outside
the U.S. The PUT levels are up around the world, so people are spending more time. They're obviously
spending a lot more time with our content. I think there should be a rationalization of the market. And
some of this stuff should just get puked out and up. And I think particularly in a moment where we're in a
recession and people are really watching every dollar, if you put up a TV set, people are waiting in lines to
get things, and yet -- add up what they're paying for sports that they're not getting. And then you wonder
why aren't more people waiting in line for that. It makes no sense. You got to puke out that stuff, and you
got to go to the players in the marketplace that are stuffing that in and saying, "Not now. Back off. Not
now."

But the thing that's good for us is we're in every single packages, all of them. And one of the things that
I think will help us is these things are going to fluctuate. Everyone hasn't reported yet. We'll see how
Charlie does. I think in the long run, we don't know how long this is going to last. There are some -- we're
seeing real growth with some of the smaller package players, as I mentioned. So we'll see how...

Richard Scott Greenfield
LightShed Partners

I've just been surprised how much they're pushed -- I'm just surprised how much they've been pushing
price rather than rethinking packaging.

David M. Zaslav
President, CEO & Director

Well, look, ultimately, the distributors are very, very smart, and their job is to serve their existing
customers and to keep the customers happy. So I've always said, eventually, this will get rationalized. But
ultimately, it's way too soon to draw a conclusion. There have been quarters where it looks like, "Oh, we're
not losing subs anymore in the U.S." Then there's quarters where it looks like, "Oh, no, we're losing a lot
of subs." And in the end, we'll see where it ends up.

I believe that if we could offer some cheaper packages, we'll do extremely well. But I don't see anything in
the marketplace that makes me feel like whoa. So we'll see what happens.

Okay. Thanks, everyone.

Operator
Thank you. And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today's conference. Ladies and
gentlemen, this now concludes the conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.
Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

DISCOVERY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

