Dominion Energy, Inc. NYSE:D
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 05, 2020 4:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.99

1.08

9.09

0.79

3.59

3.87

Revenue  (mm)

3694.28

3607.00

(2.36 %)

3772.09

15431.14

16152.90

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-04-2020 10:34 AM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.15

1.10

0.77

0.99

1.18

1.09

0.82

1.08

2.61 %

(0.91 %)

6.49 %

9.09 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
DOMINION ENERGY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James R. Chapman
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Robert M. Blue
President, CEO & Director

Steven D. Ridge
Director of Investor Relations

Thomas F. Farrell
Executive Chairman

ANALYSTS

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Weinstein
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DOMINION ENERGY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Dominion Energy third quarter earnings conference call. [Operator
Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Steven Ridge, Vice President, Investor
Relations. Please go ahead.

Steven D. Ridge
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Casey. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining on a very busy earnings day.
Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks, may contain forward-looking statements and
estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including
our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of
factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations.

This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those
recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP
financial measures, which we can calculate are contained in the Earnings Release Kit. I encourage you to
visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slides as well as the Earnings Release Kit.

Joining today's call are Tom Farrell, Executive Chairman; Bob Blue, President and Chief Executive Officer;
Jim Chapman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and other members of the
executive management team.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.

Thomas F. Farrell
Executive Chairman

Thanks, Steve, and good morning. Earlier this week, we completed the sale of the majority of our Gas
Transmission & Storage assets to Berkshire Hathaway. We expect the remaining around 20% of the
transaction to close early next year.

This is a major milestone in the strategic repositioning of our company, and I wish to thank the nearly
1,900 employees who served our company with great distinction in the safe and reliable operation of
these best-in-class assets. I have no doubt that these men and women will continue to serve their
customers, which includes Dominion Energy, and their communities with the same level of dedication and
professionalism.

I also wish to thank the team at Berkshire Hathaway who have been excellent partners throughout the
process and have demonstrated a strong commitment to their newly acquired employees and customers.
Jim will touch on the financial details of the transaction in his prepared remarks.

We believe that the investment proposition created through Dominion Energy's strategic repositioning is
compelling. We are a pure-play, state-regulated utility company, operating in some of the nation's most
attractive states. We offer an industry-leading clean energy profile. In presentations in our IP filings, we
have highlighted regulated and long-term contracted capital investment of up to $55 billion over the next
15 years in projects that directly reduce our emissions footprint, including offshore wind, solar, energy
storage, nuclear life extension, renewable natural gas and gas delivery system modernization.

That is in addition to many billions of dollars we will also invest over the next decade in complementary
programs such as electric transmission, electric grid modernization, strategic undergrounding and
renewable enabling quick start generation.

Our earnings and dividend growth rates, 6.5% and 6%, respectively, are competitive with the highest
valued companies in our sector. We have a strong balance sheet and a significantly improved business risk

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DOMINION ENERGY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

profile. And we are focused on transparency and consistency, and believe that our shareholders will benefit
greatly from the continued execution of our business strategy.

Turning to Virginia. Pending gubernatorial review this week, the Virginia General Assembly special session
incorporated financial relief for our customers that have fallen behind on our utility service payments.

In addition to extending the service disconnection moratorium and strengthening flexible repayment
plan options, the budget calls for the forgiveness of customer balances that are more than 30 days in
arrears as of September 30. That forgiveness, which represents around $125 million, will be appropriately
accounted for during the 2021 triennial review process.

Bob will provide additional commentary on the impact of COVID in our service territories in a few minutes.
But suffice to say, electric demand levels continue to prove resilient, reflecting the economic strength of
our premier regulated jurisdictions.

Turning to the election for a moment. We, like everyone else, continue to monitor results. We want to see
exactly how future policy reflects the final result. But in any case, we are on an unwavering and industry-
leading path to net zero emissions, consistent with state level policy priorities. A more sustainable energy
future is what our shareholders, customers, communities and employees want, and we intend to deliver.

Finally, we're announcing today several important changes to our Board of Directors. First, following
more than 20 years of distinguished service on our Board, including 6 years as lead director, John Harris
has chosen to retire from the Board effective today. John has been a critical element of our company's
success over the years, sharing his diverse experiences as a business community and board leader to our
organization and to me personally as a trusted adviser.

I thank him for the outstanding leadership and strategic perspective he has provided during his service
and also for his commitment as he delayed his expected retirement date through much of this year as we
navigated some transformational events, including the sale of our Gas Transmission & Storage business
and also the transition to our new CEO. He will absolutely be missed.

The Board has chosen as its new lead director, Rob Spilman, who will succeed John effective today. Rob,
who served as Chairman, President and CEO of Bassett Furniture Industries, joined the Board in 2009 and
has served as Chair of our Audit Committee since 2014. Like John Harris, Rob is a proven and experienced
business leader, community leader and valued and trusted member of our Board. We look forward to
working with him in his new capacity.

I'm also pleased to announce that Bob Blue, who recently succeeded me in the role of President and CEO,
obviously, will be joining our Board also effective today, taking the seat vacated by John as a part of our
transition plan. We look forward to having his perspective in the boardroom as both CEO and fellow Board
member.

I will now turn the call over to Jim.

James R. Chapman
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thank you, Tom. Our third quarter 2020 operating earnings, shown on Slide 4, were $1.08 per share,
which included a $0.04 help from better-than-normal weather in our utility service territories. Weather-
normalized results of $1.04 per share were at the top of our guidance range. And for the 19th consecutive
quarter, we're at or above the quarterly guidance midpoint.

Note that our third quarter and year-to-date GAAP and operating earnings, together with comparative
periods, are adjusted to account for discontinued operations associated with the sale of assets to Berkshire
Hathaway Energy.

GAAP earnings for the quarter were $0.41 per share, which includes the impact of a customer credit
reinvestment offset for the benefit of customers in Virginia as well as charges associated with our long-
term contracted renewable portfolio outside of our core service territories. We also had a positive impact
attributable to net gains on our Nuclear Decommissioning Trust Fund.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DOMINION ENERGY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

As a reminder, we consistently report such gains and losses on those funds as nonoperating. A summary
of adjustments between operating and reporting -- reported results is included in Schedule 2 of the
Earnings Release Kit.

Turning to our earnings outlook on Slide 5. As usual, our guidance ranges assume normal weather,
variations from which could cause results to be toward the top or the bottom of these ranges. We are
initiating fourth quarter 2020 operating earnings guidance with a range of $0.73 to $0.87 per share.
As mentioned, this range reflects the impact of recasting operating earnings to exclude discontinued
operations.

Consistent with our press release in late September, we now expect our annual weather-normal operating
EPS to be above the midpoint, so in the top half of our annual guidance range. This strong anticipated
result is partly a function of lower-than-assumed COVID-related headwinds and partly a function of
continued focus on managing controllable costs carefully.

We estimate that through the end of September, lower-than-budgeted sales associated with the impacts of
COVID-19 across our electric utility operations have reduced operating income by approximately $0.05 per
share, which is lower than our original expectations and thus far, has been largely offset with corporate
initiatives.

Turning now to Slide 6. We will, as usual, provide 2021 guidance on our fourth quarter call early in
the new year, but we continue to expect the midpoint of our 2021 guidance range to be between 10%
and 11% higher than the midpoint of our 2020 guidance range. We are affirming our long-term annual
earnings growth guidance of 6.5% off a 2021 base as well as annual dividend growth guidance of 6% post
2021.

Our focus is on executing our financial plan and extending our track record of meeting or exceeding the
midpoint of our guidance.

Turning to Slide 7. Let me briefly touch on the status of the Gas Transmission & Storage sale. As Tom
mentioned, we closed on the first phase, representing over 80% of the transaction value earlier this week.
We also took receipt of approximately $1.3 billion of cash in anticipation of the sale of the Questar pipeline
assets, which we expect to complete early next year following HSR clearance. At that time, we will transfer
control and the remaining $430 million of Questar pipeline-related indebtedness to Berkshire, bringing the
total amount of debt reduction for the transaction to nearly $6 billion.

We've now completed almost $900 million of direct share repurchases in addition to the previously
communicated $1.5 billion accelerated share repurchase agreements that will support ongoing stock
repurchases into December. With phase 2 equity proceeds now in hand, we expect to augment our
repurchase activity between now and the end of the year, bringing our total share repurchases to around
$3.1 billion, an increase from prior guidance of about $100 million. There are no changes to our existing
equity or fixed income issuance guidance, which are replicated from previous materials in the appendix.

Finally, just a reminder that we plan to use our fourth quarter earnings call to provide something of a
mini-Investor Day style refresh, with supplementary appendix disclosures aimed at providing projected
CapEx, rate base and other inputs, which we hope will assist investors in their financial evaluation of our
company.

So to summarize my remarks, we remain focused on extending our track record of delivering financial
results that meet or exceed our public commitment. We aim to complete share repurchases of
approximately $3.1 billion by year-end. We expect our weather-normal operating earnings per share to
be above the midpoint of the range for 2020. And we affirm our long-term earnings and dividend growth
guidance. And we look forward to engaging with many of you at next week's EEI Financial Conference.

I'll now turn the call over to Bob.

Robert M. Blue
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DOMINION ENERGY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Let me begin with an update on the company's safety performance. As
shown on Slide 8, the record-setting performance from the first half of the year continued during the third
quarter, and we remain on track to deliver the safest year of operations in the company's history. At the
current pace, our annual OSHA recordable rate would be around 40% lower than last year and represent a
79% improvement since 2006.

Turning to the pandemic. I'd like to express our gratitude to the frontline workers who continue to help
people affected by COVID-19 as well as all those who are engaged in developing vaccines and new
therapies. I'm also grateful for our employees who perform a vital public service by keeping homes,
hospitals and businesses energized. We continue to reflect the latest public health guidance in our
COVID-19 policies to keep our employees, customers and communities as safe as possible.

The graphs on Slide 9 depict weather-normalized electric demand since the emergence of COVID-19
relative to the 2-year historic weather normal average. On the left side, demand in the PJM DOM zone
continues to be very resilient despite the pandemic, largely due to robust residential and data center
demand. As shown on the right side, electric demand in South Carolina has not been quite as resilient,
though we saw significant improvement from April lows through the high-volume third quarter summer
months. As a reminder, impacts from COVID on our Gas Distribution operations are much more muted,
partly as a result of decoupling and other regulatory mechanisms.

Turning to Slide 10. We also benefit from operating in states that have proven economically resilient.
During the third quarter, we saw continued improvement of utility fundamentals across our largest states.
In Virginia, we continue to see strong growth in new customer connections and very strong data center
demand growth. Customer growth is up 1.4% year-over-year, and year-to-date data center sales were up
19%.

In South Carolina, year-over-year customer growth is 2.1% for electric operations and gas customer
growth is 3.8%. Gas Distribution utilities recorded customer growth of between 1.5% and 3.8% across
Ohio, Utah and North Carolina. Unemployment levels in several of our primary states are well below the
national average and have all shown dramatic improvement. That said, we're mindful of our customers
and the difficult time this has been for many of them. As Tom discussed, we have worked to assist our
customers in addressing the financial challenges they may be facing.

COVID impacts remain difficult to predict. So we're reiterating the demand-related earnings sensitivities
that we provided on the first quarter call, and which can be found in the appendix of today's presentation.

Beyond our day-to-day performance, we're engaged in an enterprise-wide effort consistent with state
policies to increase the sustainability of our products and services. Highlights include an updated
Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Report published last month; the submission of our first
Renewable Portfolio Standard filing, which describes our plans to comply with the objectives of the
Virginia Clean Economy Act; our most recent solar generation filing in Virginia, representing 9 solar
facilities totaling nearly 500 megawatts; and the beginning of renewable natural gas production, which is
significantly carbon negative from our first Smithfield Foods partnership facility.

Perhaps our most notable efforts are around offshore wind. In 2013, we acquired a 112,000-acre lease 26
miles off the coast of Virginia. We were the first company to successfully complete the federal permitting
process coordinated by BOEM for a wind project in federal waters. That permit covered our 12-megawatt
test project, which was successfully energized just weeks ago and is depicted on the cover of today's
presentation materials.

We continue to be on track to submit our permit application for our 2.6 gigawatt, $8 billion full-scale
deployment at year-end. And just as a reminder, our existing leasehold acreage will fully support that
project. We expect BOEM permitting to take around 2 years, with capital investment to start to ramp-up
in 2023 and full-scale construction commencing in 2024. We do not expect that recent pronouncements
regarding the future federal offshore leasing will have any impact on our plans.

Lastly, let me address the Dominion Energy South Carolina electric rate case. We've been participating
in discovery and initial testimony processes. Hearings are scheduled to begin early next year with the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DOMINION ENERGY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

decision in February. We believe our proposal, which equates to less than 1% per year bill increase since
the last general rate case, fairly reflects the substantial investments we've made in the last 8 years or so
to connect over 80,000 new customers and achieve the reliable and responsive service that our customers
deserve. We look forward to a constructive outcome for all stakeholders.

As you heard Tom describe, we've positioned our company strategically in a way that we believe will
provide the greatest long-term value to shareholders, employees and communities. Our focus now is on
execution. We are well positioned across our pure-play electric and gas utilities to make investments that
grow our company and deliver value for customers and investors.

With that, I'll summarize today's call as shown on Slide 12. Our safety performance is on track to set a
new company record. We achieved weather-normalized operating earnings that exceeded the midpoint
of our guidance range for the 19th consecutive quarter. We affirmed our current and long-term earnings
and dividend per share growth guidance. We believe we offer a compelling investment opportunity. And
we're focused on executing our robust organic growth plan, and we are aggressively pursuing our vision to
become the most sustainable energy company in the country.
With that, we're ready to take your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DOMINION ENERGY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just a couple of quick questions here. On just the offshore wind, I think you guys plan to file the COP for
the 2.6 gigawatts of offshore wind that you highlight with BOEM later this year, and we've seen some other
developers kind of in the northeast have some delays in the time between filing the COP and receiving the
review schedule from BOEM. Wondering what's given you a sense that you're going to receive a review
schedule from BOEM in '22? Just get a little bit of a sense there. I mean, obviously, you guys have some
cushion in your construction schedule on how you guide investors. But just curious how we should think
about what we're seeing on the Eastern side with you guys.

Robert M. Blue
President, CEO & Director

Thanks a lot, Shar. This is Bob. We're keeping an eye on those northeast projects, obviously, and we're
learning from them as they move through permitting. And we also intend to take advantage of our
experience with permitting, as we described in our opening remarks, the only project currently in federal
waters. We're comfortable with our schedule. We'll file, as you noted, at the end of this year. We expect
about 2 years for BOEM review. And that will, we think, be a comfortable time frame for us to get our
construction and our project in service in '26. So we're very bullish on that commercial project. Look
forward to the process with BOEM and getting that project under construction.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then, obviously, potentially higher corporate tax rates with the new administration or maybe a
new administration. Have you guys done sort of any preliminary work assuming like, let's say, an increase
to 28% tax rate, for instance, on the holdco or the opco and potential impacts to maybe your ongoing
equity needs? I mean you obviously -- you're obviously a consolidated taxpayer. And then just any sense
on what the potential bill impact could be as we think about the higher corporate tax rate? Maybe a
question for Jim, but.

James R. Chapman
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes, Shar. It's Jim. Let me address that. Obviously, as Tom mentioned, we're all watching developments,
and it's pretty hypothetical at this stage, the election and any follow-on tax reform result. But yes, we're
watching and we're doing some math. Really, it's pretty early. It's too early to tell. So if that happens,
tax reform, we, first of all, we expect that to be addressed across our utility properties in every state in
different ways like it did last time. Some of it just through rider true-ups like in Virginia and some of our
larger LDCs, some of it through regulatory proceedings on that topic.

But we are a cash taxpayer currently. It's heavily shielded from -- based on our tax credit position. So
we currently pay, on a cash basis, 5% or so on cash taxes. So if the rate went from 21% to 28%, as is
proposed, that cash tax rate would go from around 5% to around 7%. So not a quantum leap. So there
would be, we assume, some credit metric help there for the forecast period. We don't know enough yet to
understand the quantum of that help. So it's a positive. Now is it enough to impact equity financing plan,
which is part of your question, we're not there yet to say that. I would say that in light of our spending
program, our investment capital program, our equity financing plan is already pretty modest. And all of it's
anticipated through our existing program.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DOMINION ENERGY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

So we're not quite there. We think the tax reform, if it happens, will be a positive. But we don't have the
exact math yet to see how positive it would be.

On the customer bill, the other part of your question, also hypothetical, just some rough math, the devil is
in the detail. But we're seeing -- there are some differences state to state, but it probably would be kind of
in the range of a 1% to 2% kind of customer bill increase. And it currently did not happen, but it's in that
kind of modest range.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. Got it. So very manageable. And very clear-cut quarter, guys. That's all the questions I have.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

I just wanted to follow-up, I guess, on the first question regarding the offshore wind. And it seems like in
New England, the -- there's this -- they agree to this 1 by 1 mile configuration and that everyone, for the
most part, agrees with that, except for the fishing community. So could you maybe just give color on kind
of -- is that the configuration you're planning to use? And do you have any of the same opposition of the
kind of fishing community that you've had up in New England?

Robert M. Blue
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Steve. The fishing issues are different off our coast than in New England. So on turbine
spacing, we're going to work with the Coast Guard and other stakeholders. Shipping lanes -- in addition to
fishing, shipping lanes are going to be different for us than they might be in other projects and particularly
ones that are -- several projects that may be strung together, whereas ours does not have that at the
moment.

So we'll make sure we work with Coast Guard, other interested parties. But we're confident that we can
get spacing that makes sense for our project and is going to work for regulators and other interested
parties.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Maybe continuing with offshore wind, if that's okay here, and just thinking about the construction side a
bit. Can you talk about what you've learned with the trial project so far and how that might help with your
future development such as navigating the supply chain?

Robert M. Blue
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Jeremy, that's a great question. And I think you hit on one of the things that we've learned a great
deal about is the supply chain, the importance of the supply chain. We've selected our preferred turbine
vendor already. And we have a very good understanding, I think, in ways that maybe we didn't before of
how to sequence this project. So you need to make sure that when step 2 is ready to go, that step 1 has
been completed. It's -- that's much more crucial maybe on this kind of project than even on some others.
Things have to be done sequentially.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DOMINION ENERGY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

So we've learned a great deal about that, and we've learned a great deal about the other parties in the
industry. It's not an enormous industry. And so we've had an opportunity to get to know a lot of folks
that way. Those kind of relationships are going to be really valuable to us as we move forward with
construction of this project.

So and then finally, back to the permitting side, we've certainly learned about working with BOEM. So all
of those things together, I think, have helped us out as we move forward with the bigger project.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. That's very helpful. And maybe just pivoting to South Carolina here. And as you -- just any
thoughts you have as how the first rate case in South Carolina could progress. Your first 1 after acquiring
SCANA here. And could you just give a sense for how you think the relationships have developed there
over time?

Robert M. Blue
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We have worked very hard and succeeded in meeting the commitments that we made when we
announced this transaction. And I think that credibility is important for us. And then we filed a case that
was very much down the fairway, a solid, well-supported case. And we're moving through the process the
way you would expect.

So I think the credibility that we seek to establish, that we're going to continue to maintain will help us
out. And also, thinking very carefully about what we were looking for when we filed that case will pay off, I
believe.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.

Michael Weinstein
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Do you think -- if Biden is elected President, do you think there would be a possibility that the 2-year
time frame at BOEM could be shortened or accelerated in some way? And if that happened, would that
accelerate the construction process at all? Or is that just on its own time line, no matter what?

Robert M. Blue
President, CEO & Director

Well, obviously, with all the caveats about, we don't know who's going to be the next president, I think our
focus really is we've got a time frame that we think makes sense both for permitting and construction. And
that's what we're going to stick to. And again, sort of back to where we started, we feel very confident in
that schedule.

I don't think we're sort of thinking about shifting that around. We have plenty to say grace over with the
permitting and construction process for that project.

Michael Weinstein
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got you. And is there anything that investors should be aware about as you prepare your first triennial
review filing? I think you said last time that you're going to be filing it next year, midyear?

Robert M. Blue
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DOMINION ENERGY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Yes. So we've talked about this. We're going to file in March, expect an order in November. It will review
the period 2017 to 2020. And we'll know -- we'll have an order at the end of the year next year, pretty
straightforward.

Michael Weinstein
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. Is -- do you see growing data center demand in Virginia as -- I don't know, as potentially helping
with the filing at this point? Or is that something that can help offset any other increase in costs or
anything else?

Robert M. Blue
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean the strength of our customer base is always helpful. And we're not seeing a letup in data
center demand. It's continuing.

Operator
Thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines, and enjoy
your day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DOMINION ENERGY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

