Domino's Pizza, Inc. NYSE:DPZ
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 08, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.77

2.49

(10.11 %)

4.23

12.87

13.09

Revenue  (mm)

954.92

967.72

1.34

1329.83

4063.10

4280.21

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-08-2020 1:34 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.97

2.35

2.25

2.77

3.13

3.07

2.99

2.49

5.39 %

30.64 %

32.89 %

(10.11 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Chris Brandon
Director of Investor Relations

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Stuart A. Levy
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Gregory Ryan Francfort
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

James Paul Rutherford
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Jared Garber
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Brett Saul Levy
MKM Partners LLC, Research
Division

Brian John Bittner
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

John William Ivankoe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Christopher Emilio Carril
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Christopher Thomas O'Cull
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Dennis Geiger
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Eric Andrew Gonzalez
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Sara Harkavy Senatore
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Todd Morrison Brooks
CL King & Associates, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 Domino's Pizza
Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And now I will hand the conference over to
your speaker today, Chris Brandon, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Chris Brandon
Director of Investor Relations

Appreciate it, Carmen, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our conversation today
regarding the results of our third quarter 2020. I am also joined today by our Vice President of Finance,
Michelle Hook, who recently took on an expanded role within our finance organization that includes
oversight of our Investor Relations function in addition to her other responsibilities.

Today's call will feature commentary from Chief Executive Officer, Ritch Allison; and Chief Financial Officer,
Stu levy. As this call is primarily for our investor audience, I ask all members of the media and others to
be in a listen-only mode.

I want to remind everyone that the forward-looking statements in this morning's earnings release and 10-
Q also apply to our comments on the call today. Both of those documents are available on our website.
Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecasts. For more information, please refer to
the risk factors discussed in our filings with the SEC.

In addition, please refer to the 8-K earnings release to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP
financial measures that may be referenced on today's call.

A request to our coverage analysts. We, as always, want to do our best to accommodate all of you today.
[Operator Instructions]

Today's conference call is being webcast and is also being recorded for replay via our website.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Ritch Allison.

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. First, this morning, I'd like to welcome Stu Levy to the
call. This will be Stu's first earnings call as our new CFO.

As all of you know, Jeff Lawrence announced his retirement from Domino's on our Q2 call. And while we
will miss Jeff and we wish him well, we're excited to welcome Stu as our new CFO.

Stu brings a very successful operational track record and a strong connection to the Domino's culture,
having led our supply chain division since January of 2019. Under Stu's leadership, we have significantly
improved the operational and financial performance of our supply chain business.

Stu also has deep experience in strategy and planning from his work at Republic Services and at Bain
& Company. Stu is supported here at Domino's by a very talented and experienced group of finance
professionals. I know all of you will enjoy working with Stu and his team in the months and years ahead.

Now before I turn the call over to Stu, I do want to take a moment this morning to express a very well
deserved thank you, and that's first to our customers, for continuing to give us and our franchisees the
privilege to serve you around the world.

To our franchisees and operators, I want to thank you for your continued energy, hustle and for the
passion you have for this brand, for your teams and for your customers.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

And finally, to our corporate teams, for your incredible efforts in support of the brand, our customers, our
franchisees and our many operators around the world. In the face of this unprecedented pandemic, you
have all continued to lead with our values first, and I am extremely proud to serve you as your CEO.

So with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Stu for his remarks on the third quarter, and then I'll come
back to share my thoughts on the quarter and more broadly on the Domino's business around the world.
Stu, over to you.

Stuart A. Levy
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Ritch, and good morning, everyone. I'm really excited to step into this role, and I'm looking
forward to working with all of you in the coming months and years.

In the third quarter, we continued to lead the broader restaurant industry with 38 straight quarters of
positive U.S. comparable sales and 107 consecutive quarters of positive international comps, a truly
outstanding accomplishment and a testament to the overall strength of the Domino's brand and the
incredible hard work of our franchisees and team members around the world.

We also continued to increase our global store count, opening 209 gross new stores and 83 net new stores
in Q3.

Our diluted EPS in Q3 was $2.49, an increase of 21.5% over Q3 2019, primarily resulting from strong
operational results and partially offset by COVID-related expenses.

Let me provide a bit more detail regarding our financial results for Q3.

Global retail sales grew 14.4% as compared to Q3 2019, pressured by a stronger dollar. When excluding
the negative impact of foreign currency, global retail sales grew by 14.8%.

Same-store sales in the U.S. grew 17.5% in the quarter, lapping a prior year increase of 2.4%.

And same-store sales for our international business grew 6.2%, rolling over a prior year increase of 1.7%.

Breaking down the U.S. comp, our franchise business increased 17.5%, while our company-owned stores
were up 16.6%. The U.S. comp this quarter was driven by a healthy mix of both ticket and order growth.

During the quarter, we continued to see a benefit from remaining relentlessly focused on providing good
value for our customers and doing so in a safe and convenient way, both through our delivery and carryout
channels. This has resulted not only in overall order growth, but also in an increase in items per order,
which drove our overall ticket growth in the quarter.

In our international business, we were pleased to see a sequential improvement over Q2 in retail sales,
reflecting fewer temporary store closures and, in some markets, fewer service method and other operating
hour restrictions relative to those seen earlier during the pandemic.

The 6.2% international comp was driven by ticket growth, which was largely a result of a shift to more
delivery orders, which tend to include more items and a delivery fee, thus yielding a higher ticket.

Shifting to unit count. We added 44 net stores in the U.S. during the third quarter, consisting of 47 store
openings and 3 closures.

Our international business added 39 net new stores during Q3, comprised of 162 store openings and 123
closures, with those closures primarily occurring in India.

We believe the pandemic has had a net negative impact on store openings globally, in part due to
government restrictions as well as general permitting and construction delays.

Overall, our unit economics remain strong, particularly in the U.S., and we continue to work with our
franchisees to sustainably grow their businesses.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

Turning to revenues and operating margins. Total revenues for the third quarter were up 17.9% from the
prior year quarter, driven primarily by higher retail sales in the U.S., which in turn drove higher revenue in
our supply chain and U.S. store businesses.

Our consolidated operating margin as a percent of revenues decreased to 37.4% from 38.5% in Q3 2019
due primarily to investments made related to the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by higher revenues
from our U.S. franchise business.

Company-owned store margin as a percent of revenue was down year-over-year and was negatively
impacted by higher COVID-related labor and supplies costs.

Sequentially, operating margins saw additional pressures from higher food costs, as we've continued to
see significant fluctuations in commodity prices throughout the pandemic.

Supply chain operating margin as a percent of revenue was also down year-over-year and was negatively
impacted by higher food costs as well as similar COVID-related expenses.

G&A expenses increased approximately $8 million as compared to Q3 2019, primarily due to higher
variable performance-based compensation expense.

Net interest expense increased approximately $6 million in the third quarter, driven primarily by a higher
weighted average debt balance resulting from our 2019 recapitalization transaction and, to a lesser extent,
borrowings under our variable funding notes during the quarter.

Our reported effective tax rate was 19.9% for the quarter, down 1.8 percentage points from the prior year
quarter. The reported effective tax rate included a 2.8 percentage point positive impact from tax benefits
on equity-based compensation. We expect to see continued volatility in our effective tax rate related to
these equity-based compensation tax benefits.

When we combine all of those positive elements, our third quarter net income was up $12.8 million or
14.8% over Q3 2019.

Our diluted EPS in Q3 was $2.49 versus $2.05 in the prior year, an increase of 21.5%.

Let me break down the $0.44 increase a bit. Most notably, our improved operating results benefited
us by $0.35. Our lower effective tax rate, resulting primarily from higher tax benefits on equity-based
compensation as I mentioned previously, positively impacted us by $0.06. A lower diluted share count
driven by share repurchases prior to the pandemic benefited us by $0.13. And finally, higher net interest
expense, resulting primarily from higher average debt balances, negatively impacted us by $0.10.

Shifting to cash. Our financial standing remains strong. We continue to generate positive cash from
operations during the third quarter and, as of the end of the quarter, we had more than $330 million in
available cash and an additional $160 million of available borrowing capacity under our variable funding
notes.

During the third quarter, we generated net cash provided by operating activities of approximately $158
million.

After deducting for CapEx, we generated free cash flow of approximately $141 million.

During Q3, we also returned $31 million to our shareholders in the form of a $0.78 per share quarterly
dividend.

Finally, while we have not repurchased any shares under our Board-authorized share repurchase program
since the first week of January, we have $327 million remaining under the program for future repurchases.

Before wrapping up the financial update, I'd like to walk you through the impact of the COVID-19
pandemic on our Q3 results. As we've mentioned previously, we are steadfast in our commitment to do
the right thing for our team members, our franchisees, our customers and our communities.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

During Q3, the total impact from safety and cleaning equipment, enhanced sick pay and other
compensation for our team members and support for our franchisees and our communities was $11
million.

Separately, the estimated Q3 impact on international royalty revenues from partial store closures was $2
million.

And while we withdrew our original annual guidance measures earlier this year due to the uncertainty
surrounding the business in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, given the growth in our overall business
and the corresponding increase in G&A expense from Q2 to Q3, I wanted to provide some visibility on the
anticipated full year G&A number.

We currently expect our full year G&A expense to be in the range of $405 million to $410 million for
the 53-week fiscal year. Keep in mind that G&A expense can vary in either direction depending on,
among other things, our performance versus our plan, as that impacts our variable performance-based
compensation expense.

In addition to the G&A guidance, we currently estimate that FX for the 2020 full fiscal year could have
a $5 million negative impact on royalty revenues, which is lower than previous estimates, driven by the
strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar.

In closing, our business continued its strong performance in the third quarter, and we remain in very good
shape financially. Obviously, we will continue to closely monitor all aspects of our business operations
given these uncertain times.

And finally, I'd be remiss if I didn't take a minute to thank our incredible team members and franchisees
around the world. It's their dedication and commitment to our customers and our communities that allows
us to generate these results.

Thank you again for joining the call today. And now I'll turn it over to Ritch.

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Stu. And once again, congratulations on the new role. I'm certain our analysts and investors
are going to enjoy getting to know you better in the days ahead.

Now moving on to our results. I'll briefly discuss our U.S. and international businesses before we take
some questions.

So let's get started with a discussion about the U.S. business. During the third quarter, the pandemic
continued to drive a favorable tailwind for food delivery, coupled with a challenging operating environment.
Our focus as a brand across our corporate and franchise stores remained squarely on serving our
customers and our communities with a convenient, affordable and safe food and service experience. We
continue to put our people first, making investments in our teams across our corporate stores, our supply
chain centers and our support resources. Around the country, we were also pleased to see our franchisees
stepping up to support their teams.

The third quarter marked our 38th consecutive quarter of positive same-store sales growth, and 17.5% is
the strongest same-store sales number we've posted in our U.S. business over the course of that almost
decade-long run. We achieved this remarkable level of growth without running any aggressive promotions
during the quarter. During Q3 of last year, we ran 2 50% off boost week promotions.

Now while we expect these boost weeks will continue to be an important part of our customer acquisition
strategy in the future, the underlying demand and our strong everyday value messages allowed us to
focus on store level profitability and on service during the quarter.

Now we still have work to do on service levels, but I am very pleased with our execution in absorbing the
unprecedented volume in both our stores and our supply chain centers.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

During the quarter, we launched some terrific new products. Our new chicken wings, with improved
sauces, launched on July 7. And we launched 2 new specialty pizzas, our cheeseburger pizza and our
chicken taco pizza on August 24. Customer feedback thus far has been very positive on these new
products.

And I have to tell you, as one of our most frequent customers, my new personal favorite pizza is our
chicken taco pizza with jalapenos added to it.

We continue to roll out technology to enable contactless service methods and to improve the operations
of our stores. Our Domino's Carside Delivery has been overwhelmingly embraced by our franchisees and
is available today in over 95% of our U.S. stores, providing a convenient, contactless carryout experience
across the U.S. We are working to continue to drive customer awareness of contactless delivery.

Our GPS technology is now in place in approximately 90% of our U.S. stores, giving customers a better
experience and allowing our operators to better optimize the routing and dispatching of our deliveries.

Our enhanced make line tools are rolling out across the country and are now present in nearly 80% of our
U.S. stores, allowing us to get pizzas in the oven faster and improving our service levels.

These are just a few of the many innovations our team is driving to improve the customer and the team
member experience.

Now we've talked a lot about the opportunity to create frequency and loyalty with customers that have
discovered or reengaged with the Domino's brand during this time. We believe value, convenience, quality
and our new product news are bringing customers to us and hope it will continue to bring them back.
Digital and loyalty adoption give us a good proven opportunity to drive additional customer frequency. And
we continue to see strong growth and performance in both areas during the third quarter.

And we have to continue to focus on service as our category remains fragmented and customers often
switch brands. Executing the blocking and tackling of service is as critical for us as anything else.

Unit growth remains a challenge, given the many obstacles that the pandemic has placed on construction
and permitting across the country.

But given those circumstances, I'm very pleased with the efforts of our franchisees and our corporate
teams. Collectively, we still managed to open 44 net new stores in the U.S. consisting of 47 openings and
only 3 closures during the quarter. This is a terrific result when you consider what is happening across the
category and more broadly across the U.S. restaurant industry.

Our development team and our franchisees continue to work closely on data-driven assessments around
fortressing, which continues to prove out strong results tied to carryout, to delivery service, delivery cost
runs per hour for drivers, and most importantly, a great economic return for our franchisees who are
making an investment in the brand.

Now while obstacles presented by the pandemic will create uncertainty in the short term for unit growth
for the foreseeable future, I remain highly optimistic around our U.S. unit growth potential for the medium
and the long term.

So to close out our discussion on the U.S. business, and while we don't have all the answers on the future,
we're going to continue to execute on our fundamental strengths. And as a-work-in-progress brand, we
will work diligently on the areas where we can and need to improve.

All in all, I'm proud of our third quarter U.S. performance and very optimistic about our ability to continue
driving profitable retail sales growth for our franchisees and for Domino's over the long term.

Now let's move on to international, where I was pleased to see the momentum build across the business
during the quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

Thanks to the great work of our international master franchisees, we have now achieved 107, 107
consecutive quarters of positive same-store sales, and at 6.2%, the highest international same-store sales
result since the third quarter of 2016.

As the pandemic continues to evolve around the world, we continue to see wide variations in performance
across the international business and forward visibility continues to be quite challenged compared to
normal.

We had a number of markets that continue to generate strong retail and same-store sales growth,
including China, Japan and Germany, among others. In these markets, our ability to remain open and
operating throughout the pandemic has allowed us to benefit from the delivery tailwind in these markets.

In several other markets, we are still fighting our way back from significant temporary unit closures and
service restrictions to regain our sales momentum. India and Spain are 2 large markets where our master
franchisees and operators have worked diligently to reopen stores and continue to build order counts
during the quarter.

In markets where we have been disproportionately impacted, we've stepped in to support our master
franchisees in true alliance for the long-term success of the brand.

Now turning our attention to stores. Coming off a peak of approximately 2,400 temporary closures in late
March, we have reopened the vast majority of those stores and now have fewer than 300 that are still
temporarily closed. We regained some momentum in new store openings during the quarter with 162
gross store openings. However, those were offset with a higher-than-usual number of closures resulting
in 39 net new stores. Those closures were concentrated in India, where our master franchisee took the
necessary steps to close some underperforming units that were also negatively impacted by the pandemic.

In the near term, our retail sales growth will continue to be pressured by the slower pace of store growth
that we've seen thus far and anticipate for the foreseeable future. Visibility will continue to be difficult,
and the unit growth environment could remain choppy. While I am highly optimistic regarding the growth
potential for our brand, given these delays and the choppiness in international store openings that we've
seen as the pandemic has continued to persist over the past months, we are currently reassessing
whether we will be able to achieve the timing of our previously articulated goal of having at least 25,000
stores opened by 2025.

Now I want to be very clear. I see this as a timing as opposed to a capacity matter, and I have a great deal
of confidence in our international business and in our master franchisees. They are eager to ramp the pace
of store growth back up to our pre-pandemic pace as we continue to pursue our long-term goals.

All things considered, I'm very pleased with the resiliency and performance of our international business,
and I applaud our best-in-class master franchisees. It is their incredible commitment to invest in the brand
that has allowed us to serve our customers and our communities across the globe at a high level, even in
the face of so many challenges.

The global fundamentals around delivery adoption and market share upside, coupled with our strong value
positioning, service delivery and unit economics all position us well for long-term growth and success in
our international business.

And to sum it up, the third quarter was a true testament to the unquestioned strength of our international
business model. And I remain very optimistic about the future of this business.

Stepping back to look across the global Domino's enterprise. The global backdrop around food delivery,
digital ordering and the pizza category specifically continues to be favorable. Now we don't know how
long the pandemic will continue. And we don't know how long we'll continue to feel the related demand
tailwinds and operational challenges. However, make no mistake, we will continue to build on our
strengths and we will continue to invest to position ourselves to win in the long game. We'll be leading
with our values; delivering high-quality menu offerings to our customers; delivering a strong, consistent
and reliable value proposition; driving sustainable order and transaction growth; investing in technology
to support the consumer and our store operators; relentless focus on unit economics and franchisee

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

health; and continuing to fortress our market positions in the U.S. and around the world. These are the
areas, regardless of the external economic and competitive landscape, where I believe we will continue to
differentiate ourselves from the competition and drive shareholder value over the long term.

In closing, our global franchisees and operators continue to rise to the challenge every day, and it
continues to motivate me and my team. I am proud to serve them each and every day.
And with that, we'll be happy to open up the line and take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Brian Bittner with Oppenheimer.

Brian John Bittner
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Ritch, and Stu, congratulations on your new role as CFO. Your domestic comps continue to be very
impressive, but I want to focus my question on the profit flow-through constraints this quarter that
caused EBITDA growth to trend below revenue growth. We haven't seen that in many, many quarters, the
financial model. Can you talk a little bit more about the nature of these COVID expenses? How much is
potential structural changes to cost versus transitory? And separately, on the G&A outlook Steve gave -- or
Stu gave for fourth quarter, it looks to be stepping up in a material way, about $20 million year-over-year
on the G&A line. Can you also just flush out the inflection in net expense in the fourth quarter?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Brian, I'll start with your question around the U.S. store side and the flow-through. As Stu outlined in his
discussion earlier, we did see some significant costs in the quarter related to operating in the pandemic.
And that relates to front line hourly compensation, team member enhanced sick pay benefits, protective
equipment, cleaning supplies, et cetera, that are just a reality of operating in a pandemic environment.

And the position that we've taken there is that we are going to focus on serving our customers, taking
care of this demand that's been presented to us in the face of COVID and also very much on supporting
our team members and taking care of our team members in the store.

If we do those 2 things, then we believe that we position ourselves for the long-term to continue to
accelerate growth in the business on the back of this unprecedented short-term boost in demand.

As long as we're operating in a pandemic environment, I do expect to see an elevated level of operating
costs in the stores. But we don't see structural changes in the business over the long term. It's simply the
reality of operating in a pandemic environment.

And the second part of your question around G&A, I'll let Stu comment on that.

Stuart A. Levy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And actually, before I do that, let me add just a little bit more color on the margin, and this is detailed
a little bit more in the Q. But relative to Q2, the food basket for us was up significantly in Q3. And that's
been an effect that we've seen, just volatility in the commodity markets during the pandemic. So in Q2,
we -- the basket decreased year-over-year 1.2%. Q3, it was up 3.8%. And if you break that down a little
bit, cheese, which is obviously a huge input for us, was at an all-time low in Q2 and it's been at all-time
highs in Q3. And we've seen similar volatility across a lot of other commodities. So that obviously puts a
headwind on the business, both in terms of store operations and our supply chain business.

On the G&A side, the largest driver there is higher variable performance-based compensation. But the
other driving force here is a 53rd week, which obviously drives increased G&A year-over-year. So that
it's something we get once every handful of years, but we happen to have it this year in the middle of a
pandemic, so it adds a little bit of additional complexity there.

Operator

Our next question comes from Eric Gonzalez with KeyBanc.

Eric Andrew Gonzalez

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Just a quick question on the international store closures. I think given the number of closures in the
segment to date, should we expect to see an elevated number of closures in the next few quarters? Or do
you think those master franchisees in those volatile markets like India have already made the necessary
adjustments?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Great question. And yes, we've been very pleased to see the resiliency in that international business.
And as you know, we had about 2,400 temporary closures back about 6 months ago. And as the teams
have worked very hard to get those stores reopened, they've also taken a look and assessed, are there
stores in the portfolio that are structurally challenged in the near term and the long term? And I applaud
the team in India for taking the necessary steps to go ahead and take some of those closures and we were
supportive of that.

As I look broadly across the business, we still had a great deal of optimism around the medium- and long-
term growth potential in international. But as we look out across the near term, I do expect to see some
continued choppiness as it relates to getting stores open due to construction and permitting delays. And
then also, we expect to see a few more closures as the markets reassess -- reassess their portfolios and
make sure that we're focused on resources going forward on the stores that are going to drive growth.

Operator

Our next question is from Gregory Francfort with Bank of America.

Gregory Ryan Francfort
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I had a question for Stu. I see and I think most companies in the space have kind of paused the share
buyback. And I guess you guys, I don't think, bought back any stock in the quarter. What are you looking
for, I guess, to consider restarting that program? And is it just conservatism for maybe why you haven't
started back up so far?

Stuart A. Levy
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. No problem. I appreciate the question. Yes, for us, we're always going to look at what the right way
to deploy our cash is, whether -- and how to return that to our shareholders where it's appropriate.

I think earlier in COVID, with the uncertainty, as a lot of companies did, we wanted to preserve cash and
figure out until we kind of had a better understanding of how things look like they were going to play out.

And obviously, now we've got better visibility, and we'll continue to evaluate the best ways to deploy that
cash to the business or how to return that to our shareholders.

Operator

Our next question is from Sara Senatore with Bernstein.

Sara Harkavy Senatore
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I was just trying to understand a little bit more on the margin question. Obviously, the investments in
people are absolutely the right thing to do, given they're on the front lines. And I think you said you didn't
see this as a structural change. But just from like a practical standpoint or modeling, how do we think
about the ability to reverse any of these that -- when the pandemic recedes? Just having some kind of
maybe color on whether these are increases in wage rates, which I assume would be really hard to turn
back, or just the kind of the order of magnitude of the different factors that are contributing to that. Just
as a -- really just from a practical or mathematical perspective from next year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Sara, thanks for the question. As Stu outlined in his remarks, we had, during the quarter, about $11
million in costs that were associated with this COVID-related operating environment. And as you think
about how to look at that going forward, as long as we're operating in a pandemic environment, we're
going to continue to see some elevated costs around safety and cleaning equipment, enhanced sick pay.

And then also during the pandemic, we've continued to make sure that we are taking care of our frontline
team members with some enhanced compensation as well. And so as long as we're operating in a
pandemic environment, we expect to see that also.

Now over the long term, certainly, we will continue to take a look at the overall value proposition for
our frontline team members. And that certainly evolve over time, some of it driven by minimum wage
increases across the country and changes such as that, but also with us taking a look at the value
proposition that we offer our team members and making sure that we are employer of choice going
forward.

So you will see -- you'll certainly see, post pandemic, some of these costs pare back. And then what we'll
do, as a management team, is we'll focus then from there on, continuing to make sure that this is a great
place to work for our team members and that our team members are appropriately rewarded for their
efforts.

Operator

Our next question is from Chris O'Cull with Stifel.

Christopher Thomas O'Cull
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

And congratulations, too. Ritch, would you talk about the performance of markets in the U.S. that have
largely lifted restrictions and, in particular, how order size and transaction performance has been impacted
once restrictions are lifted?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Sure, Chris. It's interesting in -- if I look across the U.S. business and where we've had kind of
differential levels of performance, it's interesting. As you know, our brand tends to be less urban-focused
than a lot of other brands. And we've got higher concentrations of our stores in rural and second city type
of markets. And certainly, those markets have performed better than the urban and suburban markets
have over time.

So we saw throughout the third quarter, we saw that in the second quarter as well, that dynamic
continued to persist.

And then some of the other dynamics that we've talked about in the past also continue. We continue to
see a higher ticket in both our delivery and our carryout businesses. And I'm really pleased that, that
higher ticket was not coming from price increases. Price increases around food and delivery charges have
been really moderate and in line with inflation over the course of the third quarter. But really, what we've
seen is that continued increase in -- we continue to see that increase in basket size.

And then the other dynamic around the ticket overall is just a higher mix of delivery orders relative to
carryout orders in the business. And delivery, just by its very nature, comes with a higher ticket. And with
that delivery, albeit modest, that delivery charge still added to the ticket.

So that's a little bit about the dynamics and what we've seen across the course of the quarter.

Operator

Our next question is from Lauren Silberman with Credit Suisse.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Thanks for the question. And Stu, congrats on the new role. How do you expect the recent return of the
NFL in college football will impact trends given ongoing restrictions at bars and restaurants across the
country?

And then are you willing to provide the cadence of comp trend throughout the quarter? And to the extent
you're willing, any color on quarter-to-date trends, given football really started post quarter end?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So Lauren, we won't comment on any quarter-to-date trends this morning. But most certainly, we
are glad to see televised sports back. It certainly creates occasions for people to gather. And when people
have occasions to gather, they love ordering Domino's pizza. And so I'm certainly happy to see that
coming back. And as you know, for us, it's less about fans being able to sit in the seats than it is about the
sports being on TV and folks being able to gather and watch it.

So without the ability really at this point to parse out any results based on that, I can tell you that we
certainly view it as favorable relative to not having those sports on television for us.

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. And are you willing to provide that cadence of comp trend throughout the quarter?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

I'm sorry, Lauren, I could not hear your question.

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

The cadence of comp trends throughout the quarter?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

No. Look, what I can tell you is we had strong growth throughout the quarter, but I won't comment on
period-by-period specifics.

Operator

Our next question is from Peter Saleh with BTIG.

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

And Stu, congrats on your first conference call. I wanted to ask about the loyalty and loyalty
memberships. I know earlier in the year, we're discussing that you guys had about 85 million unique users
in your database but about 23 million or so loyalty members. Can you talk about the cadence maybe of
signing up or attaining more loyalty members throughout the year? Has that accelerated through the
pandemic? And what exactly are you guys seeing from the loyalty guests in terms of their behavior in
terms of spending recently?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Pete, thanks for the question. We certainly saw, as the pandemic hit, we saw a pickup in loyalty
enrollments at the beginning of the pandemic and that leveled off some during the third quarter. But

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

interestingly also, we saw fewer folks who were exiting or becoming inactive in the loyalty program over
time. So the overall number of customers in our piece of the pie rewards program continue to increase.

And then as we took a look at what was happening with our heavy and medium and light users, we're
also pleased to see, over the course of the quarter, that customers in each of those buckets were ordering
from us more often. And the ticket was higher also in each of those buckets. And that occurred in the
third quarter despite the fact that we didn't run any boost weeks in the third quarter of 2020, and that
compares to running 2 of them, of our 50% off promotions, back in the third quarter of 2019.

Operator

Our next question is from John Glass with Morgan Stanley.

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Thanks for the question, and congratulations, Stu. Ritch, you talked a couple of times about service and
service opportunities and, obviously, challenges in the business. I wasn't sure if that was a comment about
you saw some service slipping for some reason or this is just a work-in-progress company. But can you
just talk about it, have there been unique challenges that have created service delays, for example, in the
business?

And can you maybe [ meet ] that into how you think the performance of some of the new products are
doing? Does that create greater complexity? Or maybe how do you grade yourself? Or how do you think
the new wings and new pizza launch have contributed to sales to date?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Sure, John. First, on the service piece, most definitely at the beginning of the pandemic when volumes in
our business jumped up significantly, we definitely slipped a little bit on our estimated average delivery
times. We have since, thanks to the great work of our franchisees and operators, over the second and
third quarter, we've improved our service and gotten back to where we are as good or better than we were
pre pandemic, which is pretty significant when you think about the overall increase in the business that
we've seen and the fact that we deliver our own food. So we're making sure that we've got trained and
uniformed delivery experts, bringing that product to the customer.

I suspect that as long as I'm the CEO of this company, you will always hear me talk about wanting to
improve service at Domino's, because until we're getting to a place where we're delivering pizzas in not 30
minutes, not 25 minutes, but 20 minutes or less, I'll never be satisfied with where we are on service. So
we're always going to be a work in progress there.

Second part of your question around new products. I'm very pleased with the new products we've
launched. Our wings and our 2 new specialty pizzas have been very well received by our customers. You
haven't seen us promote wings because we're selling all the wings that we can get our hands on today. So
very, very positive performance on the wings business.

And then we launched the specialty pizzas, obviously, just within the last couple of weeks of the third
quarter. But those specialty pizzas are already at the top end in terms of mix of our specialty pizza range.

So very pleased with where we are to date. And also really pleased, and I think you asked a great
question, these do not add operational complexity within our stores. In fact, the wings actually reduced
operational complexity in the store given how we package it. And each of the 2 specialty pizzas required
only 1 incremental ingredient that we didn't have on the make line already.

Operator

Our next question is from David Tarantino with Baird.

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

Ritch, I was hoping you could elaborate a bit on your comments about the 25,000-unit target you laid out
a few years ago. And in particular, I understand the issues with delays in terms of international market
openings. But you also mentioned potential for some closings. So I wonder if you could talk about how
much of your, I guess, pullback on the target might be related to the closings you expect to see and
whether you're willing to frame up the magnitude of those closings.

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Sure, David. It really does relate to the pace of openings, much, much more so than concern about
closures going forward.

Hitting the closures first, we've certainly seen a higher number of closures in 2020 relative to normal in
our International Business. But I expect that we will work through those over the short term.

So the real issue around the pace to getting the 25,000 is just the pace of the gross openings, which
slowed during 2020 given some of the similar construction and permitting challenges that we've seen in
markets all over the world. But also for those countries that had temporary closures, the effort has really
been directed in the short term on getting those stores reopened and ramping them back up to their full
run rate.

So I'm optimistic over the medium to long term that we'll get back to the very strong pace of unit growth
that we had in the international business. It's just that the step back that we've had to take in 2020 does
cause us to take a look and reassess the timing of that 25,000 milestone, not the milestone, but just the
timing of reaching it.

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Makes sense. And I guess one follow-up. I guess, a lot of companies have talked about potentially
accelerating the pace of openings, given the opportunities they see on the other side of the pandemic.
So I guess your comments might imply that, that might not be possible or might not be desirable in the
international markets in a sense the catch-up for the lost ground in 2020?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

No. I wouldn't take it that way, David. And if I break it down a little bit, first of all, starting on the U.S.
side of the business, I see a heck of a lot of opportunity to accelerate our unit growth on the U.S. side of
the business, where -- while we've been in a difficult operating environment, if you look at our trailing 4-
quarter net unit openings in the U.S., it's still very strong and consistent with where we were a year ago.

The international business, when you take a look at that, you really have to break it down, because
if you talk about it just in total, you lose some of the nuances of it. And we have multiple markets in
international that, in fact, have maintained pace and are accelerating on unit growth. It's just when you
take into account some of those countries that had to take a step back with respect to temporary closures,
I just expect it to take a bit more time to ramp back up in those markets.

But all around the world, our teams are taking a look at the real estate opportunities that are presented to
us by the fact that there are quite a few other restaurant and retail businesses that are closing out there,
certainly at a much higher rate than we see inside our own business.

Operator

Our next question is from Dennis Geiger with UBS.

Dennis Geiger
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

Great. Ritch, you gave some really good color on the loyalty program. But just wondering if you could talk
a bit more about new customer acquisition in recent months, kind of how that's trended since 2Q and how
you're thinking about the stickiness of those new customers as we look ahead.

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Dennis. Well, we've had -- if you look -- if you break our business down, and I talk about it a lot in
terms of the 2 businesses that we run inside each of our boxes, which is one is the delivery business and
the other is a carryout business.

If we take a look at our delivery business, what we've seen is a nice tailwind in customer acquisition. But
also, just as important, and in a lot of cases, more so, our retention of customers and order frequency has
also increased as well in the delivery business.

And then if we look at the carryout business, the story is a little bit different. We've not seen a tailwind
on customer acquisition and carryout, and that's not surprising as customers stayed in their homes much
more often during the pandemic. But what we've seen is increase in retention and in the frequency of
orders of -- on a carryout side for our customers.

Now one of the reasons that we have rolled out our Domino's Carside Delivery, frankly a lot earlier than
we had originally planned to, was so that we could get out there. And you've seen us on TV talking to
customers about a very safe and convenient way to come and get carryout at Domino's. And the early
results that we've seen in Carside Delivery in the third quarter have been very positive in terms of the
customer receptivity to that service method.

Operator

Our next question is from Chris Carril with RBC Capital Markets.

Christopher Emilio Carril
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Can you provide any further detail around how the value platforms performed over the course of the
quarter? And did you see any change in utilization of the $5.99 and $7.99 platforms?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Chris. The $5.99 platform continued in the quarter to be an incredibly important statement
of value and driver of the business. And in fact, it was more important in Q3 than probably any time,
because we didn't run any boost week promotions during the third quarter. So very important in terms of
customer acquisition.

And we're also -- we're always kind of taking a look at and thinking about how can we enhance that value
platform. And as you've seen with the launch of our 2 new specialty pizzas, we took a look at how those
could integrate into that value platform. And the customer research that we did gave us a high level of
confidence that we could offer those pizzas at a $3 upsell to the $5.99 which gives great value to the
customer and also really a nice margin opportunity for our stores as well.

Those pizzas, you'll also see them on our -- if you go on our homepage at $11.99 for a large, which again
our research tells us is a great value for the -- those high-quality specialty pizzas and also gives our
operators a terrific opportunity for a very profitable offering.

And then if I shift gears, on the carryout value proposition, the $7.99, you saw us bring our wings to that
platform at $7.99 for carryout as well, which you can now get wings along with all of our crust types, 3
topping pizza across all of our crust types, in that $5.99 platform.

When I think about what's happening with the consumer right now and looking forward with this recession
that we are sitting in today and the fact that there has been no incremental stimulus brought to the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

consumer, I look forward and believe that our value platforms and sticking to those platforms will only be
more important as we look out into the months and quarters ahead.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brett Levy with MKM Partners.

Brett Saul Levy
MKM Partners LLC, Research Division

And Stu, best of luck in the new role. You started to discuss a breakdown of where you are in some of
your customer-facing investments. Would you care to give any quantification in terms of how they're doing
in terms of either efficiency savings or driving sales? And also, how should we think about the what's next
in terms of new initiatives that you're investing in?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Sure, Brett. We are very pleased with the rollout and adoption of these technology platforms. And
it's -- actually, it's an interesting kind of pivot for us in how we're thinking about innovation at Domino's.

So much of the innovation -- if you think back to 2010 and forward when we were driving rapid increases
in digital adoption in our business, much of the innovation was around the ordering platforms and what we
put in hands of customers. We're still doing that, but we've also significantly ramped up our efforts around
technology innovation to support the operations of our stores. And that's where you get to GPS, you get to
our enhanced make line tools, you get to our Carside Delivery. Certainly, they have customer benefits, but
they've got, frankly, benefits to our operators that I'm even more excited about than the customer-facing
aspects there.

And as we think about that innovation pipeline going forward, a good bit of what we're going to be focused
on is innovation that does make our stores, at the incredible volumes that we're managing today, that
makes our stores easier to run for our operators and our store managers, resulting in a better quality of
life for them, but also, ultimately, a better service experience for our customers.

Operator

Our next question is from John Ivankoe with JPmorgan.

John William Ivankoe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just a follow-up and a question, the follow-up is quick. You mentioned that delivery fees, I think, basically
increased in line with inflation. That surprises me a little bit considering some of the delivery and service
fees specifically being taken by a third-party. Do you think that's an opportunity as we go forward to kind
of think about your delivery and service charge being put together maybe having a little bit more of a
sliding scale going forward versus the fixed cost it is now? So that's the follow-up.

And the question, could you talk about the competitive intensity, if there's a way for you to measure it
in terms of the customer acquisition by third-party, whether in the U.S. or any particularly important
international markets, whether you think that intensity is getting more intense or perhaps even easing.

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Great. John, on the delivery fees, we look at this as a competitive advantage for us going forward. When
we think about the relatively low and transparent delivery fee that we charge our customers versus what
you're seeing with the aggregators, it is really is a key part of our value proposition for our customers.
And all of us have ordered third-party delivery. And most of the time, it's really hard to figure out what
you're being charged, because you might be getting a free delivery, but then you go in and you see a line
that says taxes and fees. And then if you're industrious enough to click on the little question mark, you
figure out that it's not just taxes to the government, but you're also being charged to service fee. And for

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

those of us that have been in the delivery business forever, we don't know what the service fee is if it's not
paying for having the delivery brought to you. So I think it's an area that we've got to continue to be out
there and educating our customers around the fact that this is -- we're a transparent brand and if we tell
you the delivery is $3.49, we're not going to be lumping on any additional fees there.

Certainly, our delivery fees do vary market-by-market based on labor rates. We operate in places that --
where we've got $7.25 an hour labor and places where we have $15 plus. So we do adjust those fees. Our
franchisees adjust those fees up and down. But transparency is going to continue to be a big part of how
we present ourselves to our customers.

The second part of your question around the competitive intensity, I would say, John, it's every bit as
intense as it was in the second quarter and as it was in the first quarter. The -- in particular, with the third-
party aggregators, continue to be very aggressive in the offers that they have out in the marketplace and
in their advertising.

And when we take a look at our competitive set in pizza delivery, it's a different game than the game that
we were playing 5 years ago. The #1 competitor we look at is not any of the pure-play pizza players, but
it really is competing against delivery from the third-party aggregators.

Operator

Our next question is from Jeffrey Bernstein with Barclays.

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. And congrats, Stu, on your new role. Just a question on the outlook. I mean we hear a lot that
peers of yours that maybe operate their own restaurants are talking about doing more with less on
the heels of, I guess, efficiency learnings through the pandemic, maybe achieving pre-COVID EBITDA
dollars that at sales levels well below the prior 100%. So as I think about your business, you're running
a franchise model obviously, but is that an opportunity there? I mean, and your sales being well above
prior sales levels, I'm just wondering what are the greatest drivers to further enhance your profitability,
obviously after the unique COVID quest ease? Kind of any efficiency opportunities that you see to be more
efficient in terms of learnings through COVID? Or if maybe that's just not realistic when you're running the
franchise business versus the flow-through of a company-operated model?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Jeff, thanks for the question. Most certainly, we're very focused on driving dollar profitability at the store
level. We talk about that all the time, and we've been fairly transparent about it over time as well.

So in our corporate store business and then also as we work with our franchisees, we're absolutely looking
at ways that we can more efficiently operate our businesses coming out of COVID. Some of the store
technology tools that I talked about earlier, a part of that are a part of that. I'll take GPS, for example. By
utilizing the GPS technology inside our stores, our store managers know exactly where the drivers are at
any given time. And that allows us to get more efficient in how we do our routing, how we prebag and get
the orders ready to go once the delivery driver returns.

And then also in cases of our best-run stores today, our drivers aren't even coming at the rush back into
the stores. Our operators, because they know the drivers are coming back or running those pizzas out
to the cars, handing them into the drivers and saving 1 minute, maybe 2 minutes on the turn, which
ultimately results in better service and better labor that you run in the stores.

We're also working on some advanced forecasting and labor scheduling tools in our corporate stores,
where the early results of our pilots and tests there have been very positive, to help us to get better on
service while reducing the labor costs associated with that service.

All of that gets thrown into a little bit of disarray, as we talked about earlier, in a pandemic when you've
got all of these additional costs that are layered on to the business. But as we look forward coming out of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

COVID, our expectation is that we will continue to drive efficiency and therefore higher levels of EBITDA
and operating cash flow in the stores.

Stuart A. Levy
Executive VP & CFO

And just to add to that, the one thing we won't do is reduce the quality of what we're providing as a way
to cut costs. You mentioned thinking about the menu. As we launched new wings, that was to improve the
quality of the product that we were providing, not because we thought we could take a little money out of
the cost of the ingredients.

Operator

Our next question is from Jon Tower with Wells Fargo.

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Awesome, great. Thanks for making the time. Just real quick. A clarification, Ritch. I think earlier in the
conversation, in your prepared remarks, you had mentioned the idea that the company stepped in to
support master franchisees in international markets. So I was hoping, one, you could expand upon that.

And then two, can you discuss in the U.S. side of the business how perhaps the delivery versus the
carryout mix might have impacted store level labor during the quarter, particularly relative to the second
quarter or even last year. And perhaps maybe the curbside business stepping up the cost of labor in the
stores during the period.

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Jon. So first, on support on our -- with our international master franchisees. We have had several
of our international markets that were disproportionately hit by COVID and had to have either a whole or
a substantially partial shutdown. And in those cases, we have a very long-term view on the partnership
that we have with these international master franchisees. And so there have been some instances where
we have leaned in with royalty and fee relief for some of our international franchisees, because it's just the
right thing to do in the short term for our partners that are around with us for decades over the long term.

Second part of your question, delivery and carryout mix. Certainly, we've seen, in terms of order mix,
delivery in the third quarter was certainly a higher percentage by a couple of percentage points of our
order mix versus what we were running pre pandemic. And certainly, delivery orders bring with them on a
per order basis higher dollar labor costs. But those are also associated with higher ticket as well and also
the delivery fee that comes along with it.

And then finally, to your question on curbside. The terrific thing about our Carside Delivery is we've
been able to handle that business really without any significant increase in labor cost at the store level.
Ultimately, somebody, when a customer walks into the store is going back to the rack and grabbing that
pizza and greeting the customer and handing it to them. Well, with this technology, we know when the
customer pulls into the parking lot, a team member can get out and back into the store very quickly, and
we're not using incremental labor to do that.

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. And then just one quick one. On -- can you quantify the amount of royalty or fee relief you
provided for the franchisees in the international markets during the period?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

No.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

Operator

Our next question is from Todd Brooks with CL King & Associates.

Todd Morrison Brooks
CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Ritch, I was wondering, now that we're about 8 months into this pandemic window, what are your
thoughts on the U.S. business as you look out to '21 and beyond about just in general survivor bias in the
pizza industry as far as over half the units out there being independently owned and operated.

And thoughts on market share opportunities due to competitive closures, but also real estate opportunities
and how that supports maybe an enhanced unit growth rate in the medium-term in the U.S. market.

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Sure. We certainly look at 2021 and forward as an opportunity to continue to gain share in the pizza
category. And I'll preface it by saying none of us want to see independent pizza restaurants close due
to the pandemic. We love to compete and fight it out every day, but we also love to go out and eat at
independent restaurants as well. And I feel for the challenges that a lot of these independent restaurants
are going through and they're proprietors that have put their livelihoods into those businesses.

But the reality is, if you were operating an independent pizza restaurant with a significant amount of your
business dine-in and if you were relying on beverage mix and alcohol to bring a good bit of margin to
your business, if that business has now been shifted to where you have to do most of it off-prem and if
most of that has to come by paying very high fees to third-party aggregators, it's just a really difficult
operating environment. And I know all of you see a lot of the same industry analysts and prognosticators
who predict the percentage of independent restaurants that may not reopen or may close permanently.
We don't know where that ultimately lands, but I do believe that the shakeout and the turmoil is going to
create opportunity for us to further take share and continue to grow.

Our teams, both our corporate store team and our franchisees, are out there every day, looking for
real estate opportunities that are opening up as a result of the pandemic. And also, in some cases,
opportunities where we've shifted in some cities and towns from a more sort of landlord-friendly rental
environment to more of a renter-friendly rental environment, an opportunity for us to get potentially some
more favorable terms on leases going forward as well for some of the stores that we continue to operate.

Stuart A. Levy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. The other thing that I would add is our development team is working pretty rigorously with our
franchisees, going through a ton of analysis and pretty detailed modeling in determining where we actually
want to be opening those stores. So -- and that's got to be -- for the long-term value of the business, that
has to be the priority. And if where we want to be, there are real estate opportunities that gets evaluated
the same way we would look at, do we build something freestanding? Do we take existing real estate? Do
we take advantage of a business that may have been less fortunate, et cetera. But it starts with where we
want to be and then shifts to what are the real estate opportunities there.

Operator

Our next question is from Andrew Charles with Cowen and Company.

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Congrats, Stu. And Ritch, I'd echo the jalapeno hack on the chicken taco pizza, it's very good.

Stu, can you help rectify the 12.6% supply chain growth with domestic system sales growth about 21%.
There's about a $6 million gap there. And was curious if there's efficiencies or inefficiencies or additional

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

costs we should be thinking about potentially with the 2 distribution center openings in the back half of
2020. Maybe it's a mix issue, just given, obviously, more wings being sold through that as well.

And then I know you said no 2-part questions, so I'm going to phrase this as an extension of my question.
On the longer term, what is your broad observation, having run supply chain on where you think you could
see margin percentage for the supply chain segment settle out longer term?

Stuart A. Levy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks for the questions. I like the extension part that you did there, that was effective.

The pressure in supply chain, and first of all, let me just comment, you mentioned the center opening. So
we obviously opened a new center in Q2. We have a new center that we intend to open in Texas in Q4. We
also added capacity to our thin crust production in Q3. So -- and that for us is an investment we're more
than happy to make because that means we can -- we're continuing to grow and we need that capacity.

On the margin side, it's an interesting dynamic because what we're -- what we're trying to do is provide
the best value for our franchisees. If they can grow profitably, we, as a company, are going to benefit from
that. So we're not trying to take advantage -- generally speaking, when we drive operating efficiencies or
other improvements in the business, we're trying to share that with our franchisees so that they aren't
negatively impacted.

During the course of COVID, we saw a couple of things, one of which was the high increase in
commodities. And what we were attempting to do with our franchisees, again, was sharing a little bit of
that pain. So we were passing through commodity increase but not taking additional margin on it. So as
the food basket goes up, the margin percentage comes down. So we're generating more margin dollars
but at a lower percentage. So that savings can be passed along to the franchisee base. So that was one
piece of it.

The second thing that we did was all of the additional supplies that were related to COVID, we were
basically passing through to our franchisees at cost. We didn't feel we should be layering on additional
costs for them, again, trying to make sure we can drive profitability to the stores. And then in turn, that
helps the system overall.

So are there other efficiency opportunities? Yes, it's impossible to run a supply chain the size of ours and
not always have other opportunities for efficiency. And that's what our team works at every single day,
is how do we get more efficient, remain safe, be more efficient and more effective in delivering for our
franchisees.

Operator

Our next question is from James Rutherford with Stephens.

James Paul Rutherford
Stephens Inc., Research Division

I just was curious directionally how you think about the demand picture for Domino's and how that will
evolve as the country reopens. I know there was a question about this earlier, but we now have a few
states that have completely removed restrictions on dine-in capacity, more were likely to follow. A vaccine,
of course, is in the work. So just what have you observed about consumer behavior as certain markets
have lifted restrictions? And what directionally does that tell you about the normalized steady-state AUVs
for Domino's post pandemic?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Sure, James. It's still really early on in terms of cities and states reopening. And given the purchase
frequency and cycle in our business, it's still early for us to draw any observations from cities that may
have flipped from 25% capacity to 50% capacity over the course of the last month or 2.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

But so what I'll do is I'll step back a little bit and just kind of give a perspective a little bit more broadly.
And I think some things that have happened here during the pandemic have really been the acceleration
of some trends that were in place already. So when we think about how customers want to order food,
there was a trend toward digital ordering pre pandemic, and that significantly accelerated during the
pandemic. I don't expect customers to go back to calling on the phone. I expect digital ordering to
continue to grow post pandemic. And I feel that we are very well positioned in that space today, with 75%
of our sales in the U.S. digital as we sit here today.

I also think that the trend around off-premise consumption, which was there pre pandemic, has
accelerated during the pandemic, and I don't think we're going to see an immediate snap back. Certainly,
people are going to go -- some people are going to want to go and sit down in a restaurant again. I'm one
of those people, for sure. But I think we're going to continue to see a movement in the QSR space toward
off-prem consumption. And I think our business, with the strength in delivery and in carryout, I believe,
also positions us very well for that trend to continue going forward.

So what we're trying to stay focused on here is taking the opportunity that we've been given through
customer acquisition during COVID and to convert those customers into long-term loyal customers of
Domino's Pizza. So far, the early results in that have been very positive. As I mentioned earlier, our
retention is up. Our frequency is up across medium, heavy and even light users. And really, the challenge
for me and my team ahead and for our franchisees and operators is we got to continue to do a great job
serving those customers, and we believe they'll continue to come back to us going forward.

And honestly, at a -- given the share that we have in the restaurant industry today even as the #1
player, we've got so much room for upside and share growth within a growing category that I'm far less
concerned about the reopening of sitdown restaurants than I am about us doing a great job on execution
every day.

Operator

And our last question comes from Jared Garber with Goldman Sachs.

Jared Garber
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Thanks for all the color on the call today. Really great commentary. Most of our questions have been asked
and answered, but just wanted to get a little bit more color on China maybe. Obviously, we heard the
news last quarter of the strategic investment there. And maybe any color on how the business is trending?
Or how you're seeing the unit opportunity shape up there, especially versus some of the commentary
today on the timing of the 25,000 units by 2025?

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Jared. Well, China is -- really has been a terrific success story in 2020. While we've had some
slowdown in some of our markets around the world, China is definitely not one of them. Sales growth and
unit growth had been very strong in China this year. We've got a terrific management team over there in
place with our master franchisee Dash. And we've got a lot of optimism around the future growth of our
business in China.

China also, back at the beginning of the year when the pandemic obviously hit China first, China really was
-- our leaders over there really were the architects of a lot of the contactless service methods that we're
using in the U.S. and around the world. So not only have they delivered great results, but they've also
stepped up to be thought leaders in our business.

And as I look forward on China, I expect that there will be a point in the future where China will be the
second-largest Domino's Pizza business in the world behind the U.S.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

Thank you. And this concludes our Q&A session for today. I would like to turn the call back to Ritch Allison
for his closing remarks.

Richard E. Allison
President, CEO & Director

Thank you. And thanks, everybody, for joining us on the call this morning. We look forward to speaking
with you again on November 12 when we host our virtual investor Q&A event. So we hope we'll get a
chance to talk to all of you in just a month's time.

And then, of course, in February, we'll get back together to discuss our fourth quarter and our full year
2020 results.

And until then, I hope all of you stay safe and healthy, and we'll talk to you again next month.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for participating in today's program. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

DOMINO'S PIZZA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 08, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

