Dover Corporation NYSE:DOV
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 20, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.47

1.81

Revenue  (mm)

1732.80

1867.90

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-20-2021 12:36 PM GMT

23.13

7.80

1.58

6.49

7.02

1789.81

7277.73

7550.80

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.92

1.32

1.38

1.47

1.13

1.60

1.55

1.81

22.83 %

21.21 %

12.32 %

23.13 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
DOVER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrey Galiuk
Vice President of Corporate
Development & Investor Relations

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Brad M. Cerepak
Senior VP & CFO

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

John George Inch
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DOVER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to Dover's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.

Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer; and Andrey Galiuk, Vice President of Corporate Development and
Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is
being recorded, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do no agree with
these terms, please disconnect at this time.

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrey Galiuk. Please go ahead, sir.

Andrey Galiuk
Vice President of Corporate Development & Investor Relations

Thank you, Laurie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. This call will be available
for playback through May 4, and the audio portion of this call will be archived in our website for 3 months.

Dover provides non-GAAP information and reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are
included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our website.

We want to remind everyone that our comments today may contain forward-looking statements that are
subject to uncertainties and risks, including the impact of COVID-19 on the global economy and in our
customers, suppliers, employees, operations, business, liquidity and cash flow. We caution everyone to
be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for the first quarter
for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking
statement. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements,
except as required by law.

With that, I will turn this call over to Rich.

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Andrey. Good morning, everyone. We simply have a big group this morning so we're going to
have a robust Q&A session.

So let's move to Page 3. The business challenge moving into Q1 was twofold for Dover. First, we exited
2020 with a healthy backlog of business which we needed to operationally deliver against. Second, we had
-- we're closely with our distributors and customers to seize opportunities in the marketplace despite a
complex set of challenges with raw materials, components, logistics and labor availability. We are pleased
with our first quarter performance on both counts, which is reflected in our robust revenue growth and the
increase in our order backlog as we move into Q2.

Let's take a look at the metrics. Total revenue was up 13%, 9% organic to the comparable period. Clearly,
the quarter benefited from a good order backlog position and the willingness of the channels to receive
product deliveries as market demand accelerated, resulting in the highest volume quarter since 2014 and
largest first quarter volume since 2012 for the company. This performance is a clear indication that our
product portfolio is attractive and often underappreciated growth avenues and that the work that we have
done on operational excellence is gaining traction.

Order rates outpaced revenue in the quarter, posting bookings of $2.3 billion, a 27% comparable organic
increase. The growth was broad-based with all 5 segments contributing to the increase. This resulted in
a seasonally high backlog of $2.2 billion, an increase of 39%. Since our earnings are issued among the
first in the industrial sector, I suppose it is upon -- it's on us to explain the drivers of growth and their
impact on seasonality and full year demand. I'm going to try to be careful with my choice of terms and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DOVER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

comments not to cast unwarranted shade on a clearly positive market demand environment. There are
several factors driving healthy customer activity. including pent-up demand from last year as a result
of low-starting channel inventories in certain sectors. As I also mentioned in my opening remarks, this
was further influenced by tight supply chains and materials inflation, positively contributing to seasonal
demand and backlog build as our customers and channels position themselves to meet their forecasted
demand.

Importantly, before we get all wound up trying to quantify the impact of channel inventory stocking
and inflationary prebuy and how it impacts quarterly demand, let's not lose sight of the fact that total
marketplace demand is robust, which is reflected in our backlog and which also leads us to revise our
revenue growth guidance upward for the full year to 10% to 12%.

So put succinctly, it's not prebuy if we don't remove it from the full year revenue estimates. Still early
in the year, we will continue to produce to meet customer demand and watch our backlog and order
patterns carefully. We have more color on the drivers of demand and our revenue performance, including
contribution of market share gains as we progress through the year. For now, we are focused on executing
operationally in demanding conditions to win in the marketplace, but we clearly believe that favorable
demand conditions remain durable through the year.

Let's move to profitability. Q1 was solid with consolidated adjusted segment margin at 19.1%, 320 basis
points higher versus the comparable quarter. This was supported by strong volumes, favorable mix of
products delivered, positive pricing for continued operational discipline and efficiency initiatives, which
more than offset input cost headwinds.

Strong profitability and continued focus on working capital management resulted in seasonally strong free
cash flow, which was up $110 million compared to last year's first quarter or the comparable period.

With a solid Q1 under our belt, we look at the remainder of 2020 with constructive optimism. Strong order
trends and a record backlog portend a robust top line outlook, and we have confidence in our team's
ability to navigate the supply chain challenges.

With that, we are raising our guidance for the year to 10% to 12% all-in revenue growth and adjusted EPS
of $6.75 to $6.85 per share, a substantial step-up compared to our prior guidance.

I will skip Slide 4, which provides a more detailed overview of our results for the first quarter, so let's
move to Slide 5. Engineered Products revenue was up 2% organically as demand conditions improved
modestly during the comparable period. Vehicle services entered the year with a strong order book and
faced solid demand across all geographies and product lines. Industrial automation grew on automotive
recovery and channel restocking, and aerospace and defense shipments were solid. The business remains
booked well into the second half of the year. As expected, waste hauling was down year-over-year given
a lower starting backlog entering Q1, which was further impacted by component availability issues that
constrained shipments in the quarter.

We have forecasted this business to be levered towards H2, and order trends and backlog reflect that.
Same dynamic for industrial winches with revenue down in the quarter, but recovery in order rates, we
expect a continued gradual recovery in this business over the year. Margin performance in the quarter was
flat year-over-year as volume leverage and pricing offset the negative fixed cost absorption in the capital
goods portion of the portfolio.

And Fueling Solutions was up 3% organically in the quarter on the strength of North American retail
fueling, as well as our software and systems business in Europe. Activity in China remains subdued.
Order backlogs are up 13%, and we expect our hanging hardware, vehicle wash and compliance-driven
underground product offerings to contribute positively due to an increase in miles driven and construction
seasonality as we make our way through the year. The segment posted another quarter of strong margin
performance on higher volumes, productivity actions and mix, which is a continuation of the trajectory
that we exited in 2020.

Sales in Imaging & Identification improved 4% organically. The core marking and coding business grew
well on strong printer and services demand in North America and Asia. It was partially offset by a decline

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DOVER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

in consumables against the comparable quarter where customers stocked up on inks at the onset of the
pandemic. We also saw a nice pickup in serialization software sales. Textile printer sales remained soft as
global apparel and retail remains impacted by COVID. Ink consumable volumes were up as we significantly
improved ink attachment rates, and we saw encouraging improvement in the pipeline in new printer sales
as the quarter progressed. Margins improved slightly in the segment on higher volumes, and we were able
to offset material cost inflation with strategic pricing during the quarter.

Pumps & Process Solutions posted 18% organic growth in the quarter on improved volumes across all
businesses, except precision components. Order rates and shipments for biopharma connectors and
pumps continued to be strong. Industrial pumps had a solid quarter driven by improved end market
conditions and distributor demand. And polymer processing shipments grew year-over-year on robust
demand in Asia and the U.S. Precision components was down in the quarter, though demand conditions
stabilized in hydrodynamic bearings and compression parts as well as broadly in China through new OEM
builds remain impacted. Adjusted operating margin in the quarter expanded by 890 basis points on strong
volume, favorable mix and pricing. This team has moved the segment to best-in-class top line and bottom
line metrics through a dedication to operational excellence, robust product development and innovation
management and proactive and purposeful inorganic actions. It's a world-class collection of assets that we
will continue to invest behind.

Refrigeration & Food Equipment continued its solid momentum from the second half of last year, posting
18% organic growth. Revenue and new orders in beverage can making more than doubled year-over-year.
Food retail saw broad-based increases across its product lines as key retailers resumed capital investment
in programs, plus we've seen good demand for some of our new product introductions and customer wins.
Our natural refrigerant systems business, in particular, experienced robust demand in Europe and the U.S.
as customers are adopting more environmentally friendly solutions. The heat exchanger business grew
on robust demand in Asia and Europe across all end markets. Foodservice equipment was down in the
quarter but saw stabilization in chain restaurant demand. Despite operational challenges in food retail due
to availability issues with insulation raw materials, adjusted margin performance improved by 450 basis
points supported by stronger volumes, productivity initiatives and cost actions we took in the middle of
2020, partially offset by input cost inflation.

I'll pass it to Brad from here.

Brad M. Cerepak
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 6. On the top is the revenue bridge. Our top line
benefited from organic growth across all 5 segments with particular strength in Pumps & Process Solutions
and Refrigeration & Food Equipment segments. FX benefited top line by 3% or $51 million. Acquisitions
more than offset dispositions in the quarter by $15 million. We expect this number to grow in subsequent
quarters.

The revenue breakdown by geography reflects strong growth in North America, Europe and Asia, our 3
largest geographic regions. The U.S., our largest market, posted 7% organic growth in the quarter on
solid order rates in retail fueling, marking and coding, biopharma connectors, food retail and can making,
among others, and was partially offset by delayed shipments in waste hauling. Europe grew by 13% in
the quarter on strong shipments in vehicle aftermarket, biopharma industrial pumps and heat exchangers.
All of Asia returned to growth and was up 20% organically driven by China, which was up 60% against a
COVID-impacted comparable quarter in the prior year.

Moving to the bottom of the page. Bookings were up 27% organically, reflecting the continued broad-
based momentum we are seeing across the portfolio. In the quarter, we saw organic bookings growth
across all 5 segments. Overall, our backlog is currently up $626 million or 39% versus this time last year.
positioning us well for the remainder of the year.

Let's go to the earnings bridges on Slide 7. On the top of the chart, adjusted segment EBIT was up nearly
$100 million on margin improvement -- but margin improved several hundred basis points as improved
volumes, continued productivity initiatives and strategic pricing offset input cost inflation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DOVER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Going to the bottom of the chart. Adjusted net earnings improved by $60 million as higher segment EBIT
more than offset higher taxes as well as higher corporate expenses, primarily related to compensation
accruals and deal expenses. The effective tax rate, excluding discrete tax benefits, was approximately
$21.7 million for the quarter compared to 21.5% in the prior year. Discrete tax benefits were $6 million in
the quarter or approximately $3 million lower than in 2020. Rightsizing and other costs were $4 million in
the quarter or $3 million after tax.

Now on Slide 8. We are pleased with the cash flow performance in the first quarter with free cash flow of
$146 million or $110 million increase over last year. Free cash flow conversion stands at 8% of revenue in
the first quarter, which is historically our lowest cash flow quarter due to seasonality of our production.

Let me turn it back to Rich.

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Brad. Let's go to Slide 9. We expect demand in Engineered Products to improve sequentially
through the remainder of the year, which is supported by a robust backlog. We continue to see strong
results -- strong bookings trends in vehicle services and industrial automation. Aerospace and defense has
a significant revenue visibility through its government programs and is booked well into the second half of
the year. Order rates in waste handling improved significantly during the first quarter, though the shipment
schedule will be levered towards the second half, and we are watching the supply chain here closely, which
is -- have stabilized and expect gradual recovery through the second half of the year.

As communicated at our investor meeting in November, we expect Fueling Solutions to post modern
organic growth for the year. There was a known headwind from EMV roll-off in the U.S., but order
trends support a number of positives offsetting it, including growth in systems and software, recovery in
underground businesses and growth in vehicle wash. We also expect that Asia, China, in particular, should
stabilize and become a net positive for us in the second half. The ICS acquisition, which we closed at the
end of last year, is off to a very good start as vehicle wash market is recovering healthily.

Imaging & ID is expected to perform well this year. Our core marking and coding business, our stalwarts
in 2020, is expected to continue to deliver low- to mid-single-digit growth with services and serialization
products positively impacting performance. Digital textile printing remained slow, although we saw a
year-over-year improvement in ink tonnage sales in Q1 as we continue executing our strategy to attach
consumables to machine sales. We expect recovery here in the second half.

Pumps & Process Solutions should have another solid year. Demand for biopharma and hygienic
applications remains robust, and trading conditions in industrial pumps rebounded quickly in the first
quarter, and momentum should continue. Our recent investments in biopharma capacity were prescient,
and we are well positioned to continue capitalizing on the secular growth story. Plastics and polymers
is expected to deliver steady performance as the global shortage of plastic and rubber as well as
petrochemical investments are driving increased investment in processing plants. precision Components
have stabilized, and we expect it to contribute to year-over-year growth beginning in the second half of
the year.

If with large backlog and high order rates, Refrigeration & Food Equipment is expected to have a strong
year. New orders in the core food retail businesses have been healthy in the last few quarters as retailers
that had paused their remodel programs last year amidst the pandemic are restarting these strategic
initiatives.

Additionally, we are capitalizing on our leadership position in natural refrigerant systems, both in Europe
and also in the U.S., where we believe the recent mandate in California will foretell a trend among the
other 49 states to mandate the transition to more environmentally friendly solutions. We also see good
growth in our specialty product line and small-format customer segment. Belvac continues to work
through a record backlog and had another significant bookings quarter in Q1. They are booked for the
year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DOVER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Our heat exchanger business is seeing strong order rates across all verticals and geographies. We are
investing in capacity and new capabilities in these 2 businesses and are well positioned to capture growth.
Demand has stabilized in foodservice equipment at restaurant chains, and we expect the institutional
business to recover in the second half as students return to schools and traffic in brews at stadiums and
hotels.

Our revised annual guidance is on Page 10. We covered the most pertinent of these items in the slides,
and we summarized them here for your reference.

And finally, on Slide 11 puts expected 2021 performance in a multiyear perspective. In our 2019 investor
presentation, we highlighted how the changes to Dover's portfolio over the prior decade shaped a less
cyclical business and provided attractive through-cycle returns. 2020 was proof of lower top line cyclicality
in a demanding environment and our ability to protect profitability. Operational excellence and operating
margin expansion has been our priority over the last couple of years and that we are on track to deliver
more than 100 basis points of average margin expansion over that period, and we have the playbook and
tools for this to continue. Dover is positioned to deliver attractive double-digit EPS growth in line with our
long-term corporate targets communicated in 2019.
Before wrapping up, I'd like to thank everyone at Dover for their hard work delivering these results and
continued perseverance. And that's the end of the presentation. So Andrey, we can open it up for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DOVER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Rich, this is the most excited I've heard you in a while, way to jump out of your shoes there. The kind of
rest of the year guidance, I just wanted to kind of get an idea of -- you mentioned there are these kind of
like -- I think there were bookings tailwinds this quarter but not necessarily revenue tailwinds. But when
I look at kind of the rest of the year, and I just kind of simply divide the rest of the year guide quarterly,
just to get to a quarterly number. And keeping in mind the first quarter is usually like a pretty low number
seasonally, it seems like sequentially through the rest of the year quarterly that you have EPS, EBIT kind
of softening and actually down sequentially and sales basically kind of flattish for the rest of the year, just
on a quarterly kind of simple quarterly divide it by 3 -- rest of the year divide it by 3. So what's -- is there
something like -- a fundamental that will drop off, other than EMV? I mean you mentioned a lot of these
businesses have a second half that actually looks pretty good. And anything we're missing on this front?

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

No. Look, I mean, at the end of the day, Q1 was stronger than we expected. So I think that we're quite
pleased in our ability to pivot operationally to get the product out the door. I think that we're probably
being arguably conservative to get another quarter under our belt to see how much of that backlog and
demand is being influenced by channel restocking and trying to get in front of raw material perceived price
increases in the future. So -- and I'm not entirely clear right now how much of Q1 over performance was
taken from Q2, which is seasonally when we kind of ramp, so it's usually a low Q1, big move in Q2, Q3
and then kind of run for cash in Q4. Whether we were that -- you just can't do the math and say, "Well,
historically, it's been this percentage of revenue and operating profit, and this is what the seasonality is.
And if I take Q1 as a proxy and I run my spreadsheet, it kicks out an extraordinarily high number, both on
the revenue side and the operating margin side."

So from the revenue side, I think, fair enough, we may be a little conservative. We'd like to see our
bookings go through Q2. I'll tell you, sitting here in April that it's not deteriorating, which is a good news.
So that portends a pretty decent Q3 that we've got coming up, but we'd like to see how that develops over
time because, make no mistake, there's a couple of things here.

Operationally, it is getting kind of difficult out there in terms of sourcing raw materials, labor availability,
a variety of different things out there. We had some headwinds in the first quarter, but I'd tell you that,
operationally, we plowed through. We're not out of the woods yet. Right now, we missed shipments in both
ESG and into -- in retail refrigeration because of component availability. I don't really know yet whether
that's going to get better or worse.

My final comment, and I know this is a long answer, but you're at the head of the line, and this is going to
be the question we knew we were going to get, is from a margin point of view, and I think that I discussed
this at the end of '20, the incremental margin expectation for Q2 because the comp is so good has been
overstated on margin because of our ability to use furlough mechanisms that were subsidized by the
government, meaning we could take production people off of our payroll because we had subsidies in
place to account for it. So you actually have a snapback of costs. Now we're in pretty good shape because
our revenue is up so much, so we should be able to absorb it. But I think, by and large, what I've seen
that there's an expectation in industrial world where the incremental in Q2 margin performance is a lot
higher than we'd expect.

The second answer on the margin performance of the balance of the year is we really expect to accelerate
in refrigeration over the balance of the year, so we've got this big backlog. It's up to us to get it out. So

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DOVER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

the -- out of the growth that we expect in the balance of the year, a lot more of that growth is going to --
from refrigeration than it was in Q1. And as you know, that is diluted to margins as we go forward. So I
would caution you not to take Q1 incremental margins and just multiply it by 3.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

All right. One last question. Is Q2 -- are Q2 EPS, will they actually grow sequentially, Q2 EPS?

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

Yes, yes, yes, without question.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz of Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Rich, maybe following up on margin. You've been asked before about achieving a 20% adjusted segment
operating margin many times. You did just record over 19%. Obviously, a strong quarter there, and we
know 1 quarter doesn't dictate a trend. But is 20%, as a long-term target, may be too low at this point
given how well you're operating in the businesses?

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, I didn't expect that one today, Andy. Look, I'll put it this way. We're pleased with the operational
performance, and we're pleased with the mix impact on the operating margin, clearly reaching 19% at the
segment level. In Q1 of '21, the 20%, I guess, is earlier in reach than even we had been modeling it in the
past. Now that is going to be -- I'm not going to do this big mix discussion again. I guess over the balance
of the year -- so number one, the answer is we're going to get to 20% earlier than we thought based on
current trajectory. So what that means, I'm not putting a target out there yet. We'll give you one maybe in
Q3.

What we are going to fight against between now and the end of the year, we've discussed the mix impact
on margins is inflationary input costs between raw materials, labor and price/cost. We -- as we discussed
at the end of 2020, we were on the front foot in terms of getting price out there. So think about it in
terms of inventory change. The inflation on the raw materials was not in our inventory, so you get positive
price/cost early in the transition as long as you stay on the front foot. Now we're going to be really closely
watching price/cost over the balance of the year in terms of net realization, so we would have expected to
get the biggest benefit in Q1. And by and large, that's where we expect it. I mean the way it's looking, we
may have to intervene on price again in certain of the businesses over the balance of the year. So -- and
that's going to -- and that will impact the margin performance.

So yes. I mean, look, 2020 when we put the target out there was 400 basis points improvement, I think,
from the time period we put it out there. Clearly, I think we'll be revisiting those longer-term targets
sometime this year.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Very helpful, Rich. And then just following up on sort of the confidence level in DRFE in the sense that
you've got now a couple of quarters of revenue in backlog. I did notice you talked about increasing
capacity at Belvac and heat exchangers. So you've said before, Rich, that could be a multiyear cycle in this
business. Does the confidence level go up around that sort of comment in the past? Do you see potential
for double-digit growth, mid-teens margins? Is the confidence level around that higher now?

Richard Joseph Tobin

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DOVER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

President, CEO & Director

Well, it's getting higher with every passing month of the backlog build. So if you go back and look at
the comments, refrigeration gets a lot of the color. It's the biggest piece of the segment. Their backlog
continued to build. That's the one that we said that we're relatively confident that we are in kind of a
secular growth period for, we would say, 36 months from where we can see it. I think it's being augmented
now by transition to CO2, which should be somewhat of a tailwind that we didn't really recognize maybe
even 6 months ago. So I think that's helpful.

I mean how long the transition from expanding capacity and can making in the transition from PET to
aluminum, how long that goes remains to be seen. But we -- as Brad mentioned, I think, in his comments,
we're booking well into '22 now.

On the heat exchanger side, I don't -- I think that we are outgrowing the market, quite frankly. I think
that we've got some unique positioning, especially in heat pumps. We are expanding capacity now. So
based on new product launches and expanded capacity, I think that we can outgrow the market. But
generally speaking, that's a low single-digit growing market over time. We'd like to see if we can push
through and kind of outperform.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Rich, thanks for all that great color. On the supply chain stuff, It doesn't sound like it's the stuff that's front
and center in everybody's mind, i.e., semiconductors. It sounds like it might be kind of more basic sort of
stuff. Could you actually elaborate a little bit on the types of pressures you're seeing and how widespread
they are?

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I think most -- look, we have some exposure on electronic components. It's not huge, but it does
impact a few of our businesses. And that is more not chip-base. That is logistic supply chain base. So you
can go take a look at what's going on in the Port of Los Angeles right now, and we're hoping that, that
will unbuckle now that COVID seems to be passing, but a lot of that is just moving the materials that are
sourced out of Asia. But the whole freight logistics chain is kind of -- I guess it's tight right now, and it's
tight. And it's reflected in the cost of those -- the logistics costs that we've had to bear, and it's tight in
terms of getting the deliveries we want.

So -- but then like anything else at Dover becomes very anecdotal because we're not vertically integrated,
industrial, making one product. So we've had issues with hydraulic components in ESG. We had issue with
lighting systems in refrigeration. So I mean, there's a laundry list of things. But for the most part, it's --
let's call it supply chain logistics constraints that are impacting us.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Great. Understood. And then Pumps & Process margins did look -- I guess I could say awesome. I would
assume there's an unusually rich mix in the quarter, but maybe you could just provide a little bit of color
on what you think kind of normalized margin rates are in that business.

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It is a very good mix in the quarter. I mean we made that presentation last year about our biopharma
and single-use pumps business. I talked to kind of tried to give everybody idea of what that business
is capable of delivering at. So that was a business because of its capacity utilization is running -- is

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DOVER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

converting at gross margin level right now, which is very healthy. We're watching it closely. Right now, it is
actually a short-cycle business. We're trying to build our backlog, but we really don't have a lot of visibility.
So I think that we're being prudent in terms of our second half estimates in terms of how long that goes.

On the industrial pump side, it's actually been quite robust also, but that's more channel inventory.
Interestingly, we had a very good performance in China in the pump business in Q1, and it's been some
time since we've seen that. And the margins were quite healthy. And you have to recall that management
had been very proactive in taking costs out in '20, and so we have the roll-forward benefit on the
industrial pump side on the margin moving into '21. So that was quite healthy.

I think on pumps and polymers, this is a business that I think that the management team has effectively
doubled the margin in the last 3 years. So gross margins in that business are healthy again. So overall, it's
-- what's going to impact the margin the most is going to be mix. Even when precision components does
come back in the second half, It's not overtly dilutive to it, slightly so. The bigger issue is going to be, how
does demand hold up on single-use pumps in the second half of the year.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell of Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe just a first question around just the organic sales outlook. So I heard you loud and clear on DRFE
getting better as you go through the year. I just wondered if you could revisit perhaps the organic growth
outlook by segment. You gave numbers on the Q4 call for each one. Just wondered in the context of your
higher organic growth guide, it looks like about 2 points maybe firm-wide, which were the divisions that
really led that organic growth increase for the company overall?

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

Well, it looks like -- let's start at the top. If our capital group businesses return in the second half, as we
expect, that would meet our original forecast. I think it's -- vehicle services group looks to be poised to
get a probably a full point of organic growth that we did not expect at the beginning of the year.

The Printing & ID business is performing, as expected. Clearly, the upside is if textile comes back in a
robust fashion in the second half. Right now, we don't have the backlog that would support that thesis. But
if it turns, we'll probably have a lot more color on that one at the end of the second quarter. DFS looks like
it may have a point, if not 2. One of those points is based on the acquisition that we've made, so you get
a point of growth there. When that rolls into organic or not, I have to look in the calendarization of blah,
blah, blah. But just in terms of total -- that's why we gave out total growth early on here and didn't try to
parse it between organic and inorganic, but we may get a point of growth. We'd like to take a real close
look on OPW or the underground portion of it and see if we can develop some hanging hardware, but we'd
expect that to get better over the year, offsetting what's likely to be the negative EMV headwind that we
have on the aboveground side in the second half.

I think that I just -- I answered Jeff Sprague's question about Pumps & Process Solutions, so I've gone
through that one.

And look, our backlog in DRFE, Belvac adding to its backlog doesn't do anything with the revenue. I mean
they're going to -- it's purely execution now. How much of that backlog they can realize and we just
expanded capacity there to help them do it. I think the outlier is going to be refrigeration. So we've got a
real robust backlog that is a short-cycle business. So we don't have -- I think we may be eating into the
beginning of Q3 right now in terms of orders. So we don't have anything for Q4. I think we probably need
another quarter to kind of get that tightened down.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DOVER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

And then definitely, the operating margin, you sound very confident in that 30%-ish conversion range of a
higher sales number. The free cash flow margin guide is similar to before, higher free cash flow, I suppose,
in dollars because of the revenue guide increase. The CapEx guide is unchanged. So are you just kind of
dialing in maybe, look, it's a very complicated operating environment that may put some extra strain on
working capital over the next 6 months? Maybe just help us understand what impact do we see in the cash
flow from these constraints on components and so forth, not so much the P&L.

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

Okay. A couple of things. We are giving latitude to our businesses to build working capital to compete for
market share at this point, number one. And number two, I think that we mentioned at the end of the
year, we've given some latitude on working capital to prebuy their own raw materials to get in front of
what we expected to be inflationary environment.

The fact of the matter is, in Q1, the performance is based on a couple of things. Number one, we did not
-- Our payables balance exiting '20 was not as high as it had been in previous quarters, so there wasn't
a snapback in terms of making those payables in Q1 that we've seen in the past. And quite frankly, our
conversion or velocity of working capital in Q1, because the revenue was what it was, was a lot higher
than we would normally see.

So look, and -- you hit the nail on the head, in absolute terms, if we're guiding the revenue up and the
margin looks like it's proactive than in absolute dollars, then free cash flow should move at the same.
We're working really hard on it, and I think that it'd be probably like a quarter or 2 when we visit the
metric as a percent of revenue. But for right now, I think that we're confident that absolute dollar cash
flow would be quite healthy.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin of Bank of America.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. Just a follow-up question on sustainability of margin in Pumps & Process Solutions. Do you guys
have a sense on dynamic between -- particularly in biopharma, between the base business, diagnostics
and other COVID-related stuff? Just sort of thinking, if you look at life science companies, right, some
companies are more exposed to tests, so those may turn negative next year. But then other companies
say, "Hey, going into '22, there is enough base here building that it's going to be sort of sustainable
growth into '22." So how should we think about that business?

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

Well, I mean, you basically have the Q&A that we give to the person that runs that business for us, and
we try to unpack that. The only recent data that we do have is that development for follow-on vaccines
looks like it's quite robust, number one, and that there was a view, at some point, that you were going to
move from skid development to much larger incubators over time, and that transition with -- is negative
to single use, and we don't see it right now.

Now does that change between now and the end of the year, our view? I'm sure it will change every
quarter as we work through it. So -- and that's why we're being a bit cautious in terms of the duration of
the demand that we have in that particular sector because if it goes to large incubation, then the volume
or the demand -- this is a business that's been growing in the high teens for 24 months now when that
begins to roll over. Right now, we don't see it. I can tell you that, right now, we're expanding at capacity
again in the case that it's durable, but it's hard to say right now.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

DOVER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Great answer. And just sort of thinking about refrigeration. Just sort of, a, what I'm trying to get at, sort
of thinking about normalized margins for refrigeration. When do you think we will hit normalized volumes?
And how should we think about incrementals in refrigeration? You did say it's going to be negative for the
mix. But given all the restructuring, could these guys have high incrementals than corporate average for
the rest of the year? So 2 questions.

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

I don't know. I'd have to go do the sums for corporate average, but our expectation that they will be a
larger contributor to year-over-year profits, at minimum, Q2 and Q3.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John Inch of Gordon Haskett.

John George Inch
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Rich, I'm wondering if we could just maybe provide a little bit more context around your strategic pricing,
whatever you'd like to offer. So sort of what businesses are you raising prices? What businesses do you
still have to raise prices for? And what's the channel reception? I mean is everybody else doing it, too?
And Just any kind of context you could provide us. Is this also going to get worse as we go throughout the
year? Do you think it's going to be -- kind of hold where things are?

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

Can I say hard to say, John? Look, we're raising prices -- look, this all started with raw materials. So you
can go through our portfolio, clearly, that the capital goods side has got the biggest exposure to the raw
materials, and they were on the front foot at the beginning. And from what we can see, so far, it looks like
the entire complex is following along. Now it takes 90 to 180 days to see what real realization is because
you get pricing out there, then you got inventory turns and blah, blah, blah. So that's where it started.

But the fact of the matter is I get it that the fed doesn't want to recognize inflation, but there is inflation.
And it's not just the raw materials because raw materials are in the subcomponents that we buy from our
vendors who are trying to pass along the same kind of price increases that goes into our bill of materials
and everything else. And clearly, at the assembly level on labor, availability is becoming a problem, and
that is beginning to start to move up labor costs over time.

So it's now gone from -- it's the capital good side that are buying a lot of raw materials. Now it's moving
into the assembled component portions of the business that is going to have to accommodate that over
the balance of the year.

On top of that, as I mentioned before, logistics costs. We ship a lot of product that's FOB, so we're not --
it's more inbound logistics costs than it is outbound logistics costs, but freight costs are going up because
you're going to -- I mean, God forbid, you have to air freight anything right now. It's a bit of a negative.

So we are going to be on it in terms of price/cost, and it's hard for us because of the disparity of the SKUs
that we have in this portfolio. It's not like we're making cars. So we're going to be on it. And it's a trailing
number, and we're going to have to do it as a combination of as the numbers come out and our intuition
going in. But at worst, it's going to have to be a scenario of net neutral.

John George Inch
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

At worst. Okay. Does this -- interestingly enough, does this provide a framework or opportunity for Dover,
if these -- this tentacle of inflation or these tentacles of inflation really kind of proliferate to start to raise
prices perhaps not on so much a surgical basis? So in -- sort of implied in your answer is the channel is
not really resisting. People aren't saying, "Excuse me, you can't raise prices. In this regard, we'll go to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

DOVER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

competitor b or whatever." I mean none of us want to see rampant inflation. But if there's mild inflation
that's across the board, can Dover start to raise pricing in other areas that maybe aren't quite as affected
but still help your profitability, particularly if the channel is kind of more willing to accept because of
general inflation, blah, blah, blah?

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

Well, I guess the answer is yes, but let me give you an example. We have raised prices in refrigeration and
lost volume because of it because we're more interested in that particular business to raising the operating
margin. And as a material component of the market structure, it's up to us to lead the market and stop
complaining about the fact that there's no pricing power in it. So that's an example there.

We've got certain other businesses where our gross margins are significantly higher. And there, we may
waive it off because if we've got an opportunity to grab share, now is the time to do it. So we don't
manage the portfolio and giving a -- here's the 3 bullet points and everybody go execute. I mean we do it
based on market structure, competitive environment and a variety of other things, so it's a combination of
a variety of things. whether it's price that falls to -- whether it's price/cost positive that falls to the bottom
line or market share gains and gross margins that fall to the bottom line, we'll take it either way.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis of Melius Research.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Rich, I don't think you mentioned in your prepared remarks anything about the M&A pipeline. Is there
any light at the end of the tunnel with the higher valuations that you're seeing out there or availability of
assets?

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

Well, the -- I guess the good news, Scott, is that as our margins move up, we can be more expansive in
terms of what the multiple is willing to pay. Because if we wound the clock back a couple of years ago, a
lot of what we looked at was trading at a much higher multiple that we're trading at, and we've gone a
long way of fixing it.

So yes, I mean, we're looking at some interesting things in the pipeline. Look at the cash flow this year
is proactive. So as I mentioned at the end of last year that we're going to make some quicker decisions
probably this year in terms of capital deployment or capital return. So yes, I think that -- look, the
management team here was challenged to deliver margin accretion over time on the base portfolio. And
the trade-off was, if you do so, then we're going to reinvest in your businesses. We've done that on an
organic basis in a meaningful way. I think that we've got certain portions of the portfolio that have earned
the right now to be a little bit more expansive inorganically. So we're more -- we're probably more on the
front foot today than we've been in my tenure here.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Okay. Good. And then you had mentioned I think at one of the conferences a couple of new automation
projects that you guys are doing, I think, in vehicle and waste. But can you give us a little bit of color on
those projects? And any sense of -- how do you cadence stuff like that into an up cycle when you're trying
to manage high demand, but also you might have some downtime and such to implement projects?

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

DOVER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Yes. I mean you got to be careful. I mean I think that we've done a few of them here now, so I think that
we're getting better at them in terms of how much inventory do we have to prebuild to accommodate for
execution risk. I'm confident that I think the 2 bigger ones that we have going on right now, we've got just
like we did in refrigeration, the floor space to accommodate kind of the CapEx portion of the project to run
on the installed base. So you've got a transitory period, but it's not as if you have to shut down to redo
the plant and do it that way. It's kind of you build it on the side, and you just open it up over time.

A lot of what else we're doing now is we're doing a lot of work on the machining centers, and that's
productivity related that we're spending pretty heavily in right now. And that's of some of our lower gross
margin businesses. We're trying to kind of bring those up over time. And we've got some real interesting
ones going on in some of our higher volume throughput businesses on inspection technology that is
allowing us to increase capacity without expanding the physical footprint, and that's the one I referenced
before on the biopharma side.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Rich, so you talked a little bit about inventory levels being low and the demand environment remaining
robust. So clearly, like not a pull forward in demand. I'm just wondering like when you think about raw
material availability in 1Q and some of the supply chain disruption that you saw, was there a certain
amount of like revenues that you couldn't book in 1Q that got pushed out into 2Q? Maybe some color
around that would be helpful.

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

No. I mean, overall, as a corporation, we over delivered what I would have expected that we could have
forced through the funnel. I mean I told you about the meetings we were having around here in early
January about our Q1 forecast. We were yelling at everybody about moving them up. And then we've got
a lot of demand, and I would have expected that we would have had -- we had anecdotal issues that I
referenced. But the fact of the matter is, in total, we over-delivered. So what went on in Pumps & Process
Solutions, as a whole, their ability to get that amount of product out in an intra-quarter period where they
actually didn't even have all those orders, I think it was impressive.

So we did lose some volume in ESG. We lost some volume in refrigeration. But overall, we over delivered
than what I would have expected if I looked at kind of backlog conversion expectation going into the year.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. No. That's helpful. And I guess maybe just kind of following on that conversation with John on
price/cost, like -- so it looks like you've got about 80 basis points of price this quarter, and you made some
comments around not all the costs or inflationary costs really being in your inventory. so I'm just curious
whether it's discussing the price/cost impact in 1Q or how you see that playing out for the rest of the year,
I'm just curious to hear how you're thinking this is going to -- the trajectory is going to look like going
forward.

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

Well, I think that we would have expected to be positive in Q1, just because of the timing of our -- the
action that we took on pricing, which actually started in Q4 of last year. And then between what's stuck
in inventory and then what is preannounced kind of these -- the price increases effective April 1 and how
does that drive backlog and whether you can reprice that backlog, it's -- I think that we're vigilant about
it.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

DOVER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

I think of -- but bottom line is the only way we're really going to know is over time. So I don't know Q2
right now whether we're going to be price/cost, whether it's going to be a credit or debit. I think it's going
to be a credit, right? But between announced price increases and price realization and all of the noise
around the subcomponents because you can't measure inflation and you can do it for raw materials and
castings because it's kind of bulk orders and you only have a few suppliers. But when you talk about
subcomponents, across this portfolio, it's quite difficult to measure. So Brad and I were discussing it this
morning. I mean it's the one thing that we've got to really keep our eyes on. And look, we'll have more
color on it by the time we close Q2.

Operator

Our final question will come from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski of Morgan Stanley.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So just taking a step back on kind of the recovery as a whole here, Rich, you guys are going to be back to
pre-COVID levels pretty soon and certainly before year-end, it looks like. Where are you seeing evidence
that this is maybe a stronger recovery versus line I think you used earlier that you had some pent-up
demand from 2020? Like is this a stronger cycle? Or is this sort of catch-up on stuff that really should
have gotten done last year?

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

All of the above, Josh, I guess. Look, if we go back to '19, we've introduced a lot of new products, believe
it or not, between our '19 base and our '21 trajectory. We've also been, I want to say, overly active in
M&A, but we did some inorganic investments from '19 through '21. So those end up being top line credits.
Forget what the total aggregate demand environment is. Look, the recovery looks like it's broad-based at
the end of the day. I mean there are trade-offs where in '19, certain geographies are stronger, and now
they're weaker, but they have their own reasons why.

I think that the only one that we can really point to where there's an inflection of the demand environment
is refrigeration, but we talked about that leading into '21, where we went through a 3- to 4-year period
where the capital base was under invested by big-box retail. And now we're going into a cycle, we're
calling it a 3-year cycle. Let's hope it's 4. And then you've got some interesting changes in -- structural
changes like that are impacting things like Belvac, where this transition to aluminum cans is kind of
cyclical, where that business hasn't grown in a very long time, and now it's making a pretty sweeping
transition for COVID reasons and environmental reasons. So the '19 base is important, but we would have
expected that if we rebase '19 for new product launches and acquisitions, that base would have been
higher anyway at the end of the day, if that answers your question.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

It does. That's helpful. And then we've sort of beaten some of the backlog discussion to death, but maybe
just one more for good measure. You mentioned that you were able to get a lot of product out the door
in the first quarter. It wasn't really a lot of bottlenecks on your side, but a lot of the commentary about
backlog seems kind of second half focused. Is there a point at which lead times sort of temper the order
intake that folks say, "Hey, I'm not going to get this for a while. So I'm going to hold off and see what
life's like."? Or is it the inverse because it just seems like there's an awful lot of backlog pretty early in the
year?

Richard Joseph Tobin
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It depends on the business at the end of the day and the market structure. I mean we tend to
compete in some pretty concentrated market structures where, unless there's a disparity between us
and an individual competitor, that's who we're competing with. I think it remains to be seen whether

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

DOVER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

the distribution demand begins to -- that rate of increase slows down because if it's not liquidating at a
distribution inventory at the same pace that it's coming in, then obviously it's going to slow down. It's a
bit too early to tell, quite frankly. So the long lead time items where markets are concentrated, I don't
think it's going to have a negative impact on the short-cycle side. What we're trying to do on the short-
cycle side is forcefully build the backlog because, generally speaking, the bigger backlog that we are, the
more efficient we are as producers. But that is going to be tied up on the competitive environment and
product availability and everything else that we'll see.

Operator
That concludes our question-and-answer period and Dover's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

DOVER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

