DuPont de Nemours, Inc. NYSE:DD
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, November 02, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.12

1.15

Revenue  (mm)

4158.05

4271.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-02-2021 11:21 AM GMT

2.68

2.72

1.08

4.23

4.89

4065.86

16229.49

17260.68

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.85

0.77

0.95

1.12

0.95

0.91

1.06

1.15

11.76 %

18.18 %

11.58 %

2.68 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Jon D. Kemp
President of Electronics &
Industrial

Lori D. Koch
Executive VP & CFO

Patrick Fitzgerald

ANALYSTS

Aleksey V. Yefremov
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Arun Shankar Viswanathan
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Christopher S. Parkinson
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

John Patrick McNulty
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Steve Byrne
BofA Securities, Research Division

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and thank you for standing by, and welcome to the DuPont Third Quarter 2021 Earnings and
Strategic Update Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to
your first speaker today, Head of Investor Relations, Pat Fitzgerald. Thank you. Please go ahead.

Patrick Fitzgerald

Good morning, and thank you for joining us for DuPont's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. On
today's call, we will also discuss 2 strategic actions that we announced this morning.

We are making this call available to investors and media via webcast. We will extend today's call to
approximately 90 minutes to allow for Q&A related to both earnings and the strategic announcements.

We have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. These slides are posted
on the Investor Relations section of DuPont's website and through the link to our webcast.

Joining me on the call today are Ed Breen, Chief Executive Officer; and Lori Koch, Chief Financial Officer.
Jon Kemp, President of Electronics & Industrial, will also join for the Q&A session.

Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the slides. During our call, we will
make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because
these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risk and uncertainty, our
actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Our 2020 Form
10-K, as updated by our current and periodic reports, include detailed discussions of principal risks and
uncertainties, which may cause such differences.

Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today exclude significant items.
We will also refer to other non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP
financial measure is included in our press release and posted to the Investor page of our website.

I'll now turn the call over to Ed.

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Thanks, Pat. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us.

In addition to our excellent quarterly results, I am pleased by the opportunity today to talk about 2
significant strategic news we are making to further strengthen our portfolio and deliver long-term value
for our shareholders. I will provide a brief overview of these announcements before Lori walks you through
earnings, and then I'll be back to go into more depth on our announcements today.

Our teams delivered outstanding results in the third quarter, above the high end of our guidance ranges
for sales, operating EBITDA and adjusted EPS, highlighted by the actions we took to implement price
increases to stay ahead of raw material inflation.

In the quarter, we delivered a neutral price/cost impact for the company, which is a proof point in
effectively managing the levers within our control to deliver strong results. Market demand in nearly every
one of our end markets was strong, and our supply chain organization executed well in a challenging
environment to deliver for our customers. Organic growth was up high single to double digits in every
segment in the quarter.

I am pleased by the quick actions our teams took to position us to continue managing the supply chain
challenges and raw material cost pressures effectively as we head into the fourth quarter. As Lori will cover
in a few minutes, we expect to fully offset raw material price headwinds again in the fourth quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

As I mentioned, we also announced 2 strategic transactions this morning, the acquisition of Rogers
Corporation and our intent to divest a substantial portion of our Mobility & Materials segment, will
significantly strengthen DuPont's position in our core high-growth, high-margin markets with a focus on
electronics, water, protection, industrial technologies and next-generation automotive.

In addition to focusing the portfolio, these strategic actions will accelerate our top line growth, operating
EBITDA margins and significantly improve our earnings stability. The combined transactions will allow us
to benchmark extremely well against best-in-class multi-industrial peers, thereby resulting in long-term
value creation.

I will cover the details of the Rogers and M&M transactions in a moment, but, first, let me turn it over to
Lori to discuss the quarter as well as our outlook for the remainder of the year.

Lori D. Koch
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Ed, and good morning, everyone. As Ed mentioned, customer demand across almost all of
our end markets remained strong in the third quarter. We saw continued improvement in many of the
industrial end markets adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic as global economies continue their
recovery.

Organic growth in the quarter was up 16% versus 2020. We delivered net sales, operating EBITDA and
adjusted EPS above the high end of our third quarter guidance. In addition, we had strong cash flow
generation and returned $657 million of capital to shareholders during the quarter through $500 million
in share repurchases and $157 million in dividends. We now have $875 million in share repurchases
remaining under our existing authorization, which expires next June, and we expect to complete the
full year 2021 with about $2 billion in share repurchases, which is at the high end of the range that we
provided earlier this year.

Net sales of $4.3 billion were up 18% versus the third quarter of 2020, up 16% on an organic basis.
Organic sales growth consists of 10% volume improvement and 6% pricing gains, reflecting the continued
actions we are taking to offset inflationary pressure. Excluding the impact of metals, price was up about
5% during the quarter. A 1% portfolio tailwind reflects the net impact of strong top line results related
to our acquisition of Laird Performance Materials and headwinds from the noncore divestitures. Currency
provided a 1% tailwind in the quarter.

Overall sales growth was broad-based and reflects high single to low double-digit volume growth in all 3 of
our reporting segments. Double-digit organic growth within Asia Pacific, Europe and North America reflects
continued strong demand in our key end markets.

From an earnings perspective, we delivered operating EBITDA of $1.09 billion and adjusted EPS of
$1.15 per share, up 20% and about 90%, respectively, versus the year ago period. The earnings
improvement was driven by strong volumes across all 3 reporting segments and earnings uplift from the
Laird Performance Materials acquisition.

The swift pricing actions that we implemented earlier this year in the face of raw material inflation
continued to benefit our operating results. For the total company, our selling price increases during
the quarter again offset raw material inflation. Gross margin was up about 160 basis points versus last
year, reflecting increases in both M&M and E&I. Operating EBITDA margin of 25.5% was in line with our
third quarter guidance expectations and reflects 50 basis points of margin expansion versus the prior
year. Incremental margins were about 28% during the third quarter versus last year. However, if you
exclude the impact of price and cost, our operating EBITDA margin for the quarter would have been nearly
27% and incremental margin would have been over 40%, reflecting very strong underlying operating
performance.

I have also mentioned previously that we track our operating performance for our core results on an
underlying basis versus 2019 given the unique nature of 2020 and certain discrete items that impacted
our operating results in the prior year. In comparing our third quarter results to pre-pandemic levels,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

sales for our core businesses were up 15% versus 2019, with operating EBITDA leverage at 1.4x on an
underlying basis despite the global challenges around supply chain pressures and raw material inflation.

From a segment earnings perspective, E&I delivered 13% operating EBITDA improvement on strong
volume and better-than-expected results from Laird as we continue to integrate this business with
our current electronics offering. The year-over-year comparison includes a headwind resulting from a
technology sale in the prior year. Adjusting for this item, operating EBITDA was up about 20%, with
margins essentially flat between both periods.

In W&P, operating EBITDA increased 12% versus the year ago period on volume growth, primarily
reflecting recovery in industrial end markets for aramid fibers and the absence of charges related to
temporarily idle facilities in the prior year. We were proactive in implementing pricing actions during the
quarter in W&P. However, these actions were more than offset by raw material inflation and logistics costs,
which resulted in headwinds to margins and operating leverage. We expect sequential price improvement
as we continue to implement increases in response to raw material inflation.

M&M delivered 75% improvement in operating EBITDA, or about 2.5x operating leverage compared to the
year ago period. The improvement reflects higher volumes across all end markets, net pricing gains in
response to raw material inflation and the absence of charges related to temporarily idle facilities in the
prior year.

For the quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $842 million and capital expenditures of $208
million resulted in free cash flow of $634 million. Free cash flow conversion of 112% was up significantly
compared to the second quarter.

Turning to Slide 4, which provides more detail on the year-over-year changes in net sales for the quarter.
Strong customer demand across almost all of our end markets, including the continued recovery in many
industrial end markets and the efforts of our supply chain organization drove organic sales growth of 16%
during the third quarter.

In E&I, volume gains delivered 9% organic sales growth for the segment, led by double-digit volume gains
in both Industrial Solutions and Semiconductors Technologies. The sales growth in Industrial Solutions
reflects strong demand across all product lines, but most notably in OLED displays for new phone and
television launches, medical silicones in health care and Kalrez seals within electronics, along with a
continued recovery in aerospace.

Semiconductor Technologies continues to benefit from robust demand driven by the ongoing transition to
more advanced new technology and growth in electronic megatrends, and we expect these strong demand
trends to continue in the fourth quarter.

Within Interconnect Solutions, organic sales decline in the mid-single digits, reflects the anticipated impact
of the shift in demand related to premium, next-generation smartphones to the first half of this year, along
with softness in automotive end markets due to the semi-chip shortage. We expect these headwinds to
continue in the fourth quarter; however, we do expect organic growth of ICS to be up mid-single digits on
a full year basis.

For W&P, 11% organic sales growth during the quarter consisted of 9% volume improvement and 2%
pricing gains. Continued recovery in industrial end markets resulted in significant volume improvement for
Nomex and Kevlar aramid fibers within Safety Solutions, which was up double digits on an organic basis.

For Shelter Solutions, continued recovery in commercial construction led by demand for Corian surfaces
contribute to high single-digit organic growth. In addition, we saw continued strength in North American
residential construction market for products including Styrofoam and Tyvek house wrap and the retail
channel for do-it-yourself applications.

Organic sales for Water Solutions were up low-single digits during the quarter as global demand for clean
water technology remained strong. However, logistics challenges do remain and have impacted our ability
to meet demand. Pricing gains for W&P during the quarter reflect actions taken to mitigate raw material
inflation, mainly within shelter and safety.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

M&M top line results reflect another strong quarter with organic sales growth of 28% on a 16% price
increase and 12% volume improvement and included double-digit organic growth in each of Engineering
Polymers, Performance Resins and Advanced Solutions. Throughout the year, our M&M segment has been
the most significantly impacted by raw material inflation. As such, the 16% price increase reflects the
continued actions we have been taking to offset these higher raw material costs and also reflects higher
metals pricing in our Advanced Solutions business. Excluding the metals impact, price was up about 12%
during the quarter.

Looking ahead, while our global supply constraints of key raw materials have improved in M&M compared
to earlier in the year and auto demand remained strong among consumers, we do expect softness in the
fourth quarter as the global chip shortage continues.

Turning to Slide 5. Adjusted EPS of $1.15 was up about 90% from $0.61 per share in the year ago period.
Higher segment earnings resulted in a net benefit to EPS of about $0.20 per share, driven by higher
volumes and strong results from Laird. As I mentioned, we were price-cost neutral during the quarter
given the pricing actions we have been taking to offset raw material inflation. Our lower share count
continues to provide a benefit to adjusted EPS, specifically a $0.33 benefit for the third quarter. Benefits
from lower interest expense in the current quarter from delevering actions earlier in the year was mostly
offset by a higher base tax rate compared to the last year. For full year 2021, we expect our base tax rate
to be about 21%.

Turning to Slide 6, I'll discuss our outlook and guidance for the full year 2021. We expect strong
underlying demand trends to continue in the fourth quarter in almost all of our end markets and have seen
signs of these trends in the month of October. However, we are starting to see the ongoing semiconductor
chip shortage impacts our downstream customers' ability to produce, which is creating some deceleration
in order patterns, primarily in automotive end markets, where IHS [indiscernible] estimates for the second
half have been cut by 17%.

Due primarily to the softness attributable to the semiconductor chip shortage, we are lowering the
midpoint and narrowing the range of our full year guidance for net sales, operating EBITDA and adjusted
EPS compared to our previous estimates.

At the midpoint of the ranges provided, we now expect net sales for the year to be about $16.37 billion,
down from the midpoint of our previous estimate of $16.5 billion. Similarly, we now expect operating
EBITDA and adjusted EPS to be about $4.15 billion and $4.20 per share, respectively.

This is not a demand or market share issue or our inability to continue to pass on prices or effectively
manage our global supply chain. As our third quarter results demonstrate, we have successfully executed
on each of these. This is purely a result of the global semiconductor shortage, which is impacting our
customers' ability to produce and thereby pushing out demand.

With that, let me turn it back over to Ed.

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Thanks, Lori. I'm excited to share with you more detail on the 2 significant strategic news we announced
this morning, which will further strengthen our portfolio and deliver long-term value for our shareholders.
The announcement of an agreement to acquire Rogers Corporation and our intent to divest a significant
portion of our M&M segment are substantial moves, advancing our strategy to shift the portfolio towards
higher-growth and higher-margin businesses, while significantly enhancing the earnings stability of the
company.

The acquisition of Rogers will build on the Laird Performance Materials' acquisition that we closed July 1,
adding another high-quality business that expands our leading market position across highly attractive end
markets. Rogers is a market leader in each of their primary product categories and brings a world-class
organization with differentiated technology, innovation capabilities, technical expertise and deep customer
relationships, the same value proposition that differentiates our DuPont businesses.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Rogers operates in end markets, where we have already established leading positions, such as consumer
and mobile electronics, and in others that are adjacent to our businesses, such as 5G infrastructure and
electric vehicles, enabling us to offer an even more attractive total value proposition to a broader base of
customers and creating the opportunity to compound growth over time given complementary products and
markets.

While M&M has been the market leader in high-performance thermoplastics serving automotive,
electronics, industrial and consumer markets, we believe DuPont is no longer the best owner for this asset.
By separating M&M from the rest of the portfolio, we are better positioning the business to expand on its
leadership position in these markets and continue to tackle some of the industry's most critical challenges,
such as vehicle safety and fuel efficiency.

We will leverage existing tax attributes to complete a highly efficient cash sale of the M&M business,
providing ample funding to finance the Rogers acquisition as well as further M&A and share repurchases
while maintaining a strong investment-grade credit rating. We have a few key targets, which like Laird and
Rogers, we have been spending for a few years that would be excellent additions to our portfolio.

Following the completion of the intended Rogers acquisition and the planned divestiture of M&M, DuPont
will focus on key emerging technologies and have enhanced top line growth. Our participation in the auto
markets going forward is much more connected to high-margin, advanced technologies, enabling long-
term secular trends, like hybrid and electric vehicles, as well as advanced driver systems. A large portion
of our order exposure will be aligned to EVs and ADAS, both of which are growing at a significant pace.
This improved balance in our end markets will drive further consistency in our results and allow us to
deliver best-in-class results among our multi-industrial peers, strengthening our position in clean energy
and electric vehicles, combined with our existing positions in water, safety and protection technologies will
continue to advance our customer sustainability priorities.

Slide 8 shows the modeling we have done for the company, assuming the completion of both the M&M
divestiture and the Rogers acquisition, including full achievement of the planned cost synergies. As you
can see, pro forma DuPont will benchmark well above our top multi-industrial peers on both organic
growth and EBITDA margin and in line with this high-performing peer set on cyclicality, which we measure
as peak-to-trough earnings volatility.

Our historical sales growth for the new portfolio will improve by 40 basis points to 3.8%, which is nearly
2x the growth rate of the top peers. This growth is driven by our exposure to high-growth end markets.
For example, the semiconductor materials market is expected to grow at 4% to 6% per year which is
evidenced by the significant investments in new fabs we are seeing in all regions of the world. Our $2
billion Semiconductor Technologies business, which holds leading positions in materials for both wafer
production and packaging is positioned to outgrow the market by 200 to 300 basis points. Likewise, our
$1.4 billion Water business operates in markets that are expected to grow high-single digits driven by the
global response to concerns, such as water scarcity and circularity.

The acquisition we are making also increases our exposures in high-growth markets, such as EV, which is
a market growing at 30% per year. Rogers' high-performance elastomers, specialty busbars and thermal
substrates complement our existing materials, such as gap fillers, adhesives and Nomex papers.

In the new portfolio, the strength in these businesses will accelerate the performance. In 2020, our top
line for the core business declined about 5%, which was a solid result compared to our top multi-industrial
peers, which were down about 8%. Our new portfolio would have declined less than 3% during the worst
of the recession in recent years, a substantial differential versus the peer set.

We have taken several actions to drive top quartile EBITDA margins at DuPont. The M&M and Rogers
transactions will deliver an additional 140 basis points of margin improvement on a 2021 basis, putting
us well above our top multi-industrial peers. The new portfolio is a collection of specialty businesses
underpinned by innovation, customer relationships and manufacturing excellence, a combination that
supports robust, sustainable margins.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

I'm also excited about the consistency these transactions will bring to our results. Strong ties to secular
growth drivers will limit the earnings volatility of the company throughout the cycle. You can see the
earnings volatility of the DuPont portfolio was significant from 2019 to 2020, primarily associated with the
M&M segment. The same is true as we look back further where the cyclicality in the portfolio was driven
by M&M. Looking forward, our portfolio have minimal exposure to commodity feedstocks and, as a result,
our cyclicality will significantly improve by 700 basis points to be in line with the top tiers.

In addition to comparing to our top multi-industrial peer set, we also looked at how the new portfolio
will benchmark against the entire set of 24 multi-industrial companies. The results are the same: we will
benchmark well above the median of the entire multi-industrial group on both growth and margin and in
line on cyclicality.

With a more clearly defined portfolio and by improving the top line growth, EBITDA margins and cyclicality
of the company to be well above our peer set, I am confident the quality of our businesses will be
recognized, which will translate into a valuation comparable to top peers.

Getting DuPont to this point has been a multiyear journey, with decisive moves aligned with our value
creation levers of active portfolio management, a best-in-class operating model and disciplined capital
allocation.

Slide 9 shows the actions we have taken to transform the DuPont portfolio to a combination of world-class
businesses centered in long-term, secular, high-growth areas. Our strategy is intentional and included
strategic decisions to shift the company to higher-growth, higher-margin businesses with less cyclicality,
while also pursuing acquisitions to strengthen our leadership position and innovation capabilities in
the secular growth areas of electronics, water, protection, industrial technologies and next-generation
automotive.

Our portfolio transformation started with the identification of noncore businesses, where our innovation,
technical expertise and close customer relationships no longer drove a competitive advantage within the
DuPont portfolio. We have been successful at identifying great owners for a majority of these businesses
and our work continues. We expect to close the sale of the Clean Tech business before the end of the year
for around $510 million.

Earlier this year, we finalized the separation of the N&B business and an RMT transaction with IFF, creating
a powerhouse in the food, beverage, health and biosciences markets. Separation of N&B provided a lift
to the top line growth and operating EBITDA margins at the DuPont portfolio as N&B was at the low end
of the portfolio on both measures. This was an unmatched opportunity to advance the DuPont strategy,
including the receipt of $7.3 billion in tax-free proceeds, which we redeployed to create shareholder value
and position N&B and IFF for future success.

Today's announcement of our intent to divest a significant portion of the M&M segment is the next
step to advance our transformational strategy by increasing the resiliency and earnings stability of our
portfolio. Throughout, we have carefully assessed acquisition targets, which can strengthen our leadership
positions in the secular areas of electronics, water, protection, industrial technologies and next-generation
automotive. As I have said before, we are strategic in our approach and only pursue targets that can be
justified financially and that operate in our existing markets to minimize integration and execution risks.

We prefer acquisitions that provide a significant synergy opportunity, similar to what we saw with the
water acquisitions we completed in late 2019, the Laird acquisition earlier this year and the intended
acquisition of Rogers. We also only pursue targets where innovation and our technical capabilities set us
apart, which is the case for both Laird and Rogers.

Our transformation strategy has also been underpinned by operational improvements. We have made
fundamental changes in the way DuPont is run. We have the full P&L accountability into the businesses
by moving oversight of manufacturing, operations and R&D under our business presidents. We spend
approximately 4% of sales on R&D, and we no longer operate a central R&D function. Instead, we have
empowered our businesses to allocate R&D dollars to the projects that are most critical to their growth

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

and then hold them accountable for delivering results. The same is true for capital spending, the majority
of which has been focused on capacity-constrained areas.

Throughout our transformation, the strength of our balance sheet has been and remains a priority.
Following the N&B separation, we delevered our balance sheet to maintain a debt-to-EBITDA ratio and
credit rating that provides us flexibility. We also continue to control our costs at both our manufacturing
facilities as well as in our corporate functions. We have been prudent at taking cost out of our G&A line
and today have a best-in-class cost structure. The work in our manufacturing facilities is ongoing through
continuous productivity and asset reliability improvements using new digital tools, which is an integral part
of our operating plants today. The combination of focusing the portfolio and operational improvements
have been part of our strategy to unlock shareholder value and strengthen the company. The M&M and
Rogers announcements are significant strategic steps in our transformation.

I'll move to Slide 10 to provide more details on the Rogers agreement. Our modeling of Rogers is based
on our 2022 estimated EBITDA of $270 million, which we are highly confident the business will achieve
based on a thorough diligence process, including a detailed review of their projections and assumptions.
The purchase price of about $5.2 billion represents a 19x EBITDA multiple based on 2022 estimates before
synergies. The multiple is expected to be below 14x after cost synergies. We are highly confident in the
synergy number of approximately $115 million and our ability to achieve most of the forecasted synergies
by the end of 2023, within 18 months of closing.

We expect Rogers to be accretive to top line growth, operating EBITDA, free cash flow and adjusted EPS
upon closing. We expect sizable revenue synergies from the combination of E&I, Laird and Rogers. But
consistent with how we justify old deals, we have not assumed any revenue synergies in our modeling.
And we expect closing to take approximately 6 months, putting us in the second quarter of 2022. Because
the Rogers transaction will close before we expect the M&M divestiture close, in funding the acquisition, we
expect to prioritize prepayable debt, which can be retired upon receipt of the M&M proceeds to return our
leverage to more normal levels.

Slide 11 provides more detail on the synergy opportunities. DuPont is in a unique position to extract value
from this combination due to the synergy opportunity that comes not only from having one of the largest
electronic material businesses in the industry, but also from the acquisition of Laird that we completed a
few months ago.

We looked across all 3 organizations to determine where there were synergy opportunities. As is the case
in many of our transactions, where we combine businesses, we have complementary product offerings in
similar segments. We expect significant synergies in procurement spend as well as G&A costs. Because
Rogers is a public company, we will also realize savings associated with folding them into our structure.

Our anticipated Rogers cost synergies of $115 million, combined with the cost synergies we anticipate
from the Laird acquisition, total approximately 6% of the combined revenue of our Interconnect Solutions
business, Laird and Rogers, which is a very achievable synergy target. As I mentioned, we expect to
achieve most of these synergies with 18 months of closing.

Turning to Slide 12, I'll provide more detail on the business. Rogers Corporation is a $950 million business
with broad end market exposure. We expect Rogers' top line to grow in the high single digits, accelerated
by leading positions in the rapidly growing categories of electric vehicles and advanced driver systems.
The benefits of the planned synergies will deliver uplift to the EBITDA margins across all 3 businesses.

Rogers has 2 operating segments with leading positions in each. The first segment is Advanced Electronic
Solutions, which includes the high-frequency circuit board laminates business and the power electronics
business. Rogers' second segment is Elastomeric Material Solutions. The high-frequency circuit board
laminates business complements our existing printed circuit board business within Interconnect Solutions.
This is approximately a $300 million business that manufactures copper-clad laminates for high-frequency
circuits using ADAS radars, 4G/5G base stations and military communications.

Also included in the Advanced Electronic Solutions segment is the Power Electronics business, which
includes both ceramic substrates and specialty busbars for high-power conversion used in applications,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

such as electric motors for trains, ships, automobiles and wind turbines. Specialty busbars are used
instead of cable harness systems and high-power conversion applications when highly stable and reliable
power conversion is critical. This is about a $250 million business today, but poised for significant growth
with exposure to next-generation technologies, including battery applications for hybrid and electric
vehicles.

The second segment is the Elastomeric Materials Solutions segment, approximately a $400 million
business, which manufactures precision phones and silicon materials with high reliability and high purity
for cushioning, sealing, impact protection and vibration management across the number of growing end
markets. This segment also has high exposure to electric vehicles for battery applications.

On Slide 13, you can see the significant offerings in the combined entity through the examples of the
electric vehicle, 5G infrastructure, consumer electronics and clean energy. The increased opportunity
in electric and autonomous vehicles from the combination of Laird and Rogers adds to DuPont's
existing material offerings into the electric vehicle. In a segment that is growing 30% per year, this is a
tremendous opportunity to increase our share of wallet with offerings such as gap fillers, adhesives and
Nomex paper from DuPont; high-performance elastomers, specialty busbars and thermal substrates from
Rogers; and electromagnetic shielding and thermal management solutions from Laird.

Likewise, Laird and Rogers expand our offering in consumer electronics, where DuPont is already a
leading material supplier through all 3 businesses within the E&I segment: Semiconductor Technologies,
Interconnect Solutions and Industrial Solutions. EMI shielding, thermal interface materials and
multifunctional solutions from Laird as well as high-performance elastomers from Rogers will make us an
even more complete material supplier to leading OEMs. The combined application engineering and design
expertise will be unmatched in the industry.

We are very excited about the technical skills that will transfer to DuPont through both of these
acquisitions, which will enable the businesses to continue working with customers to solve their most
critical challenges using our combined portfolio of advanced technologies, a hallmark of all 3 companies.
Customers in these industries demand this level of sophisticated innovation and partnership. You can
see how the acquisition of Laird and Rogers supports our strategy to expand our presence in high-
growth secular end markets and creates opportunity for compounding growth across related products and
markets.

Slide 14 shows the combination of the Laird acquisition and the Rogers acquisition is highly
complementary and can expand our addressable markets within key electronics segments by 50%.
The addition of Laird and Rogers provides an entry way into markets, such as clean energy, wireless
infrastructure and defense electronics, where we previously had little exposure, but will now have distinct
competitive advantages. We see further opportunities for growth by leveraging the DuPont technologies
across these additional electronics markets.

The timing could not be better to enter these markets. The world is making significant investments in
5G infrastructure, clean energy and hybrid and electric vehicles, to name a few. These investments are
leading to rapid growth in these areas. Rogers has been making significant investments in these areas and
has a rich pipeline of offerings that will support the next-generation technologies. The acquisition creates
an exciting opportunity to capture this growth, which we think will be compounded by leverage of the
combined E&I, Laird and Rogers platforms.

Moving to the intended M&M divestiture, on Slide 15. At DuPont, we have a proven history of adapting the
best owner mindset for each of our businesses. We constantly scrutinize our portfolio to ensure fit with our
business objectives and to create as much long-term value as possible for our shareholders, customers
and employees.

By announcing that we have initiated a process to divest the majority of our M&M segment, we are
committing to do just that: finding the right owner for a tremendous asset. The business to be sold
predominantly includes the Engineered Polymers and Performance Resins lines of business. Approximately
$700 million of current year revenue, M&M segment is not included in the scope of the divestiture and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

includes the automotive, adhesives and multi-based businesses, which align nicely with our offering for
EVs and industrial technologies.

The portfolio to be divested is expected to generate revenue this year of about $4.2 billion and about
$1 billion of EBITDA. M&M is an industry-leading combination of high-quality businesses with best-in-
class technology and application development, deep customer relationships, brands and manufacturing
excellence. The business is well positioned to capitalize on the continued transition to hybrid electric
vehicles and other emerging megatrends. The business is also poised to outperform its peers through the
cycle, with a lean G&A structure, efficient manufacturing processes and a reliable supply chain of key raw
materials.

We expect that the divestiture process will move quickly. In fact, we will launch a marketing process in
the coming days. We have considered multiple deal structures as part of the strategic review. We believe
a transaction that maximizes the net cash proceeds to DuPont will enable us to build on our core areas of
strength, like the Laird and Rogers transaction, and create significant value for our shareholders. I look
forward to updating you as our process advances.

I'll wrap up with a few comments on why I'm excited about their future at DuPont on Slide 16. With the
completion of the Rogers acquisition and the M&M divestiture, DuPont will be building around our core
foundational pillars, including electronics, water, protection, industrial technologies and next-generation
automotive. Each of these areas is experiencing rapid growth as a result of significant secular tailwinds
with long-term growth drivers, from high-frequency connectivity in the most advanced technologies to
water scarcity in some of the most remote parts of the world, the technical demands of our customers are
high and we have a unique advanced technologies to partner with them to solve these global challenges.

The actions we have already taken, along with those we announced today, enable us to strengthen
our leadership position in each of the markets we serve. I am confident this will lead to significant
opportunities for employees and unmatched solutions for our customers.

We are also creating an opportunity for significant value creation for our shareholders. As I mentioned
previously, the combined transaction enhanced our financial profile through higher growth, higher margins
and significantly more stability. We will be positioned to outperform throughout the cycle. These are
indicators of a strong, healthy and vibrant company, and I'm confident we will benchmark with the best of
our multi-industrial peers. Our capital allocation will remain balanced, returning value to our shareholders
through a consistent dividend, that we expect to grow with earnings and share repurchases, as well as
a strong balance sheet have been and will continue to be priorities for DuPont. We will also continue to
invest in our business to grow organically and support their growth through select and targeted M&A.

With that, let me turn it to Pat to open the Q&A.

Patrick Fitzgerald
Thanks, Ed. Before we move to the Q&A portion of our call, I would like to remind you that our forward-
looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. [Operator Instructions].
Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Scott Davis from Melius Research.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Quite a -- it sounds like you guys have been busy. Instead of asking a kind of technical question here,
I mean, the process that you're going to run on Mobility, if it doesn't come out as you'd like, would you
consider spinning the business? Is that one of the options that's in play here?

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Yes. Look, we're highly, highly confident there'll be a sale here. There's -- we already know people who
are interested in this asset. We've had many calls, even in recent times, about the asset. So it's going
to sell. We're starting -- literally starting the process in the next few days. And one of the great things
about the sale of this, it's really extremely tax efficient for us, which makes it very attractive. The tax
leakage on this deal will be mid-single digits to high-single digits. So it's pretty incredible that we're able
to accomplish that. So I'm highly confident it's going to sell.

I would say -- and by the way, I would say, just targeting for your thinking, that we close a deal like
that around October of next year. By the way, I also am highly confident, which is kind of surprising,
[indiscernible] some of the parts of DuPont, M&M is by far the lowest multiple in the company, and yet we
will sell it for more than the multiple that DuPont trades at today. I would also say, if you just benchmark
DSM's coming to market, I think a lot of you guys and analysts have it going for at least 11x. Our asset
is a way better asset. It's better on growth. It's better on margins. It's much more global, bigger. And so
I don't -- I'm confident it will sell for even more than the current -- company literally currently trades at
now.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Good. And then, Ed, as a follow-on, can you talk through the synergies with Rogers? Is this standard kind
of G&A stuff? Or is there something kind of more there that is -- that you can talk us through?

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Yes. It's pretty similar to our other deals. And by the way, it's a very achievable number for us, as we said
in our prepared remarks. We took ICS, which is one of our divisions, this will be in the E&I segment, we
used ICS, we used Laird and the Rogers deal. And adding in the Laird synergies, by the way, at 6% of
revenue. So we're highly confident. We've been scoping this out for a long time. One of the nice things
here, I guess I say nice, is it's a public company. So all those costs go away, which are pretty significant
obviously, and that just happens. Then a big chunk of it is G&A and functional costs, streamlining it into
our structure. We get some procurement savings also. And then we've got some facility consolidations.
We've got sales offices all overlapping each other globally, as an example.

So we've scoped it out in a lot of detail. Obviously, we'll get more detail once we can sit down even more
with the team. And I would also add, we had just closed on the Laird deal July 1, and we had announced
$60 million of synergies with Laird. And the team is now at $63 million, and that's literally line by line,
who's doing it? When are we getting it? What's the payback? So we have line of sight. And hopefully, we're
being conservative here on the combo at $115 million of synergies for Rogers.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So just quickly on the results. It sounds like kind of the majority of the 4Q cut is really kind of auto
production-related? And then I have a follow-up on the strategic stuff.

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Yes. Steve, it's all auto. It's all centered on the semiconductor. We did not see it in the third quarter. If you
could tell by Lori's prepared remarks, we had a very robust third quarter still going along. We're seeing
a little bit of order pattern on the auto end go down. We're just expecting a half through the rest of the
quarter because auto builds are down 17% in the second half of the year. So that's pretty much how we
modeled it out and said we'll probably see it here in the fourth quarter. And as you all know, consumer
demand is there. Auto builds are supposed to be up 11% next year. So we should be in good shape in
2022.

But I think we'll probably take a little bit of a hit here in the fourth quarter, and that's what we guided to.
There's no softness anywhere else in the portfolio. As you can tell, every one of our subsegments is up
nicely except for 1 out of 9 segments, 8 of them were up nicely. And the only one that wasn't was related
to the smartphone market, and we knew that, we already highlighted that to everybody because the
demand came earlier in the year to tee up for the production of the phones. And we knew the second half
of the year to be softer and it will be fine again next year. So demand is perfect everywhere else. By the
way, our supply issues with force majeures have cleaned up substantially, so we're not dealing with that.
We're really dealing with just the semi thing. And of course, everyone is dealing with logistics and shipping
and all that.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Right. And then just lastly, I'm kind of like looking over the cash you're bringing in or you expect to bring
in from these sales. And I mean, it's a pretty big number, well in excess of like the $5 billion that you're
spending. You still have a couple of billion of cash generation, some divestitures that are bringing in some
cash here in the fourth quarter. I'm kind of getting to a pro forma year-end '22 cash numbers that's like, I
don't know, like $6 billion, $7 billion or something in that range. Is that like -- is that math off? Maybe it's
$5 billion, I don't know. But it seems like you guys have like a ridiculous amount of excess cash after the
dust settles on all this stuff. Am I off on my math somewhere there?

Lori D. Koch
Executive VP & CFO

So I think the only thing you're off is on the timing of the receipt of the cash from the divestitures. So we
ended the third quarter with about $1.7 billion in cash, we generated $600 million and change in free cash
flow in the third quarter. And we'll expect a similar posting in the fourth quarter. And we'll also continue to
be active in the market with our share repurchases, probably about $500 million incremental in the fourth
quarter. That will put you about maybe just shy of $2 billion at the end of the year. And then you'll get
next year the increment from the M&M proceeds from the divestiture and then paying for the [ Cardinal ]
acquisition, I've already -- we already have the funding in place for that.

The one item outside of free cash flow that we will get in the fourth quarter, as Ed had mentioned, is the
proceeds from the Clean Tech divestiture. So that should be about $470 million after tax. That will be
incremental to the roughly $2 billion that I had previously mentioned for ending the year.

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Yes. So Steve, at the end of the day, if you go to the end of 2022, your numbers are clearly in the ZIP
code there. As we highlighted in our remarks, there are a couple of M&A targets we love, we've been
looking at for literally 2 to 3 years. And we also are going to stay very balanced with share repurchase.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

But we don't need to make any of those decisions now. We won't get the cash for the M&M business till
about October 1 of next year, and we'll see where things are at that point in time.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John Walsh from Credit Suisse.

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Wondering though if we can keep that train of thought going. You talked about wanting to maintain a
healthy balance sheet, a lot of stuff going on, moving parts, several companies also reporting today. Can
you just kind of help us, what's the ZIP code do you think you'll have your net leverage at when you kind
of pro forma for all the divestitures and also for the acquisitions? Where do you have it shaken out?

Lori D. Koch
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So we will target to be around that 2.75x by the close of the completion of both the divestiture of the
M&M business, payment for the acquisition of Rogers and then ideally another acquisition post receiving
the proceeds from the M&M transaction, which will have us back to that 2.75x around mid to end of 2023.

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got you. And then maybe just another question around capacity, just the organizational capacity to kind of
continue to do M&A. You talked about a couple of deals, some assets you were excited about. Do you have
the bandwidth to kind of do all this at the same time? Or should we think that any kind of larger addition
is, as you kind of talked about, post kind of the M&M divestiture?

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Yes, if there was anything of this size, like a Rogers or something, just to give you a feel, it would be at
least around the time or after the proceeds for M&M. So we're going to put this prepayable debt in place
here just in the interim period. We can pay that off when we get the proceeds, as Lori said. And then we'll
have, as Steve Tusa was alluding to there, some billions of dollars available at that point in time. So we'll
really be looking hard at, is share repurchases or an M&A opportunity and one of the sweet spots for us
and we'll make that decision then. But I wouldn't expect that you would see us do anything before we are
close to or around the time of getting those proceeds in the fall.

By the way, the team is very capable. It's a separate team that's doing a lot of the work on the separation
of M&M. And we can get a transaction place for M&M in the next 3- to kind of 5-month time frame to have
a closed deal, but then we can't spin it until we do all the separation work, which is why I say October of
2022 to get all that, where the [indiscernible] are done, the separations are all done, the tax work is all
done, where we can separate it. So that team is extremely good at doing it. You watched us do the R&D
and all that. And Jon's team is very far and very quickly into the integration of Laird, and this will just
overlay onto that. So I don't see any issues from a bandwidth standpoint of the company.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America.

Steve Byrne
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. When I look at the Rogers products, they're generally derived from either fluorinated polymers or
polyurethanes or silicones, and just had a couple of questions on those. On that first bucket, the laminates
that are [ coordinated ] polymers, do they source any material that was aqueous and thus could have a
PFAS wastewater issue? And then maybe overall, do you see raw material cost pressures in this basket of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

product that is consistent with your Interconnect Solutions business? Or would you say it could be a little
more like M&M?

Jon D. Kemp
President of Electronics & Industrial

Steve, this is Jon. Thanks for the question. Rogers' market-leading, high-frequency laminates, as you
alluded to, they do use some fluoral products, some fluoropolymers in order to help achieve some of that
performance. It's a world-class supplier. They've got a diversified supply base of blue chip companies,
globally recognized suppliers of that, who are actively involved in all of these regulatory and other industry
activity. They're sort of leading the way on that in terms of how we address some of the fluoral materials.
Our teams have done a detailed diligence on the EH&S, the environmental, the product stewardship
components of that. And we're comfortable with what that product line is doing, how it's performing right
now and the supplier base for those materials.

As it relates to kind of the inflationary pressures of the raw material pressures, it's very consistent with
our electronics business, our E&I business today in the sense that you don't see a lot of the run-up that
we experience in some of the big commodity moves. These are value-based materials. And you've got --
you've got some exposure, obviously copper used in laminates and silicone, but not any different than
what we have in the rest of the portfolio. And it's been -- the team is fairly comfortable with our ability to
manage that proactively.

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Steve, I'll just add overall for DuPont to your line of question, we've highlighted to you that we've had over
$400 million of raw material inflation this year. $300 million of the $400 million is in the M&M division from
the feedstocks there. And that -- again, it's a great business, but that's what jerks the results around.
Most of our pricing, by the way, was in the M&M division because we needed it to cover the raw material
inflation. So if you take the whole rest of the DuPont portfolio, we only had $100 million raw material
inflation. That's a pretty nice place to get to from that angle also.

Steve Byrne
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. Very good. And Ed, on the divestiture of the M&M businesses, do you have a level of confidence you
can share about getting that 10x multiple? And if you can't get it, is it a keeper?

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

No. First of all, I would be very disappointed if we sold M&M for a 10x multiple. By the way, when I was
comparing to us, I'm using us at 11 multiple. By the way, there's been assets out there not as good as this
one that it's sold for 12 and a little above 12x in the marketplace. So we're going to get a good number
for this one. I will stress again, I have personally had phone calls from people that have interest in this
asset. I think the private equity world is going to be extremely interested in this asset. By the way, I think
there's a very interesting opportunity out there because it's publicly noted DSM is going to market with an
asset that would fit beautifully with this to create an unbelievable company. So I think you're going to see
a lot of interest around this, and it's going to garner a nice multiple, which, by the way, back to my point,
it's the lowest multiple in some of the parts in our company and we'll get more for it than DuPont trades
at.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Ed, why not spin out E&I and keep M&M and avoid any possible PFAS overhang on the high-multiple E&I
businesses?

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Yes, David. Well, first of all, look, I'm not worried about PFAS. Look, you know I want to get it resolved. I
know there's a little bit of a cloud still lingering out there. We will get it resolved. The last announcement
we did was a settlement that cost us $12.5 million in the State of Delaware. We're actively working it, I'm
comfortable we're going to get there. And we'll clean that issue up for the company. So that's number one.

Number two, spinning E&I out, you've really got to go through the analysis of what that trades for, and I
agree, it would trade higher. But what will now DuPont trade at on a bigger EBITDA base with what we put
together here and we're taking up our top line growth rate, we're taking up our EBITDA margins, we're
taking out the cyclicality in the portfolio, there's no way that doesn't benchmark well against some of
these premier companies that we've used. So if you get some multiple uplift in DuPont, it kind of negates
the multiple uplift from E&I, which is a smaller EBITDA base.

I'd also say I get asked a lot about, because I've done a fair amount of RMT stuff, I always get asked
that there is no partner for E&I. It's the business. There's nothing that matches up in size, even pre the
Laird deal, by the way, that makes sense. And it would be pieces of E&I, which would leave just a partial
business in DuPont and take the rest of that out. And then by the way, the beauty here, again, remember,
the tax leakage is literally mid-single digits to high single digits depending on what price we get for it.
That's a rare situation to be in. So it makes a lot of sense for us to do M&M.

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Got it. It makes sense as well. And just lastly, Ed, what's the -- talk about the growth synergies and the
organic growth of the new enhanced E&I business.

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Yes. I'll let Jon cover that. We're excited about it, but let me highlight, we did not put it in our analysis of
the deal, but the combo of the 3, E&I, Laird and Rogers, has us really excited. And I think we had a pretty
neat chart in the deck if you want to go back and look at it. But Jon, why don't you talk a little bit?

Jon D. Kemp
President of Electronics & Industrial

Yes. David, maybe I'll give you kind of 2 quick examples here. When you look at it, Rogers really adds
complementary materials and components that really build on DuPont's position in the industry today.
If you use just a -- if you pull out kind of 2 specific application areas, around 5G and applications and
smartphones, wireless infrastructure, military, defense, electronics and automotive radar systems,
DuPont's the leader in flexible laminates. And Laird has the EMI shielding and the thermal management
solutions. Rogers is the market leader in rigid PCB substrates. And so with that enhanced offering, not only
can you cross-sell customers and expand your share of wallet with a global customer base, but one of the
things we're really excited about, and we're already starting to see this with the Laird integration process,
by the way, is engaging with customers to co-design and help address some of their most challenging
needs.

To give you one specific example there. Everybody is trying to make electronic devices smaller. And one of
the ways you get smaller is to use hybrid rigid flex construction on the circuit board. And now we've got a
market-leading flex circuit business, a market-leading rigid business, and those complex hybrid rigid flex
substrates become a lot easier to work with our customers and they're already asking for it.

If you switch over to the electric vehicle space, we've got quite a bit of content in automotive electronics
today. But we really didn't have a lot of exposure prior to Laird or Rogers into things like the automotive --
the ADAS systems or the battery. And Laird brought with the EMI shielding with some of the absorbers, a
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

great position in ADAS systems. Rogers built on that with their high-frequency laminates. And then what
we're really excited about is the opportunity that they have with the specialty busbars and the specialty
foam, performance foams, to really address some of the critical needs in the battery packs and power
assembly, power electronics parts of the electric vehicles.

So you put all that together with our adhesives business, with the rest of our automotive electronics and
we'll really be a preferred partner with both the Tier 1 auto OEMs as well as the OEMs themselves to
design the hybrid and electric vehicles in the future.

Lori D. Koch
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And David, I think the chart that Ed was referring to in the backup is the pie chart on our end market
exposure. And if you look at that, over half of our portfolio between electronics; next-gen auto, which we
define as battery and ADAS applications; and water, that portfolio is mid-single digits and then some from
a growth perspective. So a really nice round out from a pro forma DuPont perspective.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Ed, could you talk a little bit more about the tax strategy on M&M? And I guess what I'm asking is sort of,
what are the mechanisms that limit the tax leakage? And is this -- is this an opportunity for tax savings
that you can only really harvest because of the sale of the asset? Or are these tax opportunities that
would accrue to the overall DuPont enterprise in the absence of an M&M sale, but might have taken more
time to realize over any number of years?

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Yes, Vince, and I'll let Lori comment a lot more. Lori, why don't you talk on it...

Lori D. Koch
Executive VP & CFO

It really comes from the -- going back to the DowDuPont transaction and we were able to step up the
basis of the heritage Dupont assets, of which are all going as part of the M&M transaction. So all those
businesses are in perimeter for M&M or from heritage DuPont and therefore have the benefit of a stepped-
up basis from the DowDuPont transaction.

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. And just as a follow-up, when you think about in M&M, obviously, the fourth quarter is going
to see some issues with the chip issue in auto build. How confident are you that, that trues up in 4Q
versus potentially lingers into 1Q or the first half of next year? And maybe you could sort of give us an
assessment of what you think auto builds are going to look like into 2022. That would be helpful.

Lori D. Koch
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. The current estimates as you head into 2022 is really just shifting out. And so the IHS is estimating
11% growth in auto builds next year. And that still doesn't get you back to where we were kind of pre-
trade war, pre-pandemic at an $88 million or $89 million auto build number. So we're confident that
growth is just getting pushed out. The demand is definitely there. You couldn't get a car now if you tried.
And so I think there's definitely still a lot of pent-up demand for us to serve. So we have confidence it's
really just a timing issue, it's not a share issue, it's not an underlying issue from a consumer perspective.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

It's really just when they're able -- the auto makers are able to get the chips to complete the production
of the cars.

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Yes. And by the way, just on the M&M front going into next year, we've continued during the fourth quarter
and implement some price increase actions to make sure we keep covering the raw materials. So I think
2022 will be -- tend to be a solid year for the business.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John McNulty from BMO Capital Markets.

John Patrick McNulty
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

So on the acquisition, can you speak to the competitive landscape in terms of the businesses and how the
growth rate for the business has been over the last, say, 3 to 5 years versus the broader market? Has it
outpaced it? Are you gaining share in that area? Can you give us a little bit of color on that?

Jon D. Kemp
President of Electronics & Industrial

Yes. Sure, John. When you look at it, it's really kind of different based on the individual product lines
and the different divisions of the business. When you look at the high-frequency laminates business, the
primary competitors there are companies like Asahi Glass, AGC, who did a couple of acquisitions in the last
couple of years to build up their portfolio in that space. You've got some -- Panasonic is there. So primarily
Japan-based competitors. And then you've got some local folks in China, who are doing some of that as
well, largely because of some of the geopolitical situation. All of that is kind of outside and we're kind of
back in the rearview mirror now. And the company is really well positioned in continuing to grow that.

On the ceramic busbar, ceramic substrates and specialty busbars, that's a pretty fragmented business.
You've got companies out there like [ DNCA, Ferrotec ] [indiscernible] and multiple others. It's a fairly
fragmented landscape. What differentiates this technology is really the quality of the ceramic thermal
substrates and the synergy that's created with silicon carbide power modules, especially for electric
vehicles. And so when you combine that with -- similarly with the specialty busbars, it's going to replace
things like the wire harness that's in a power system. As Ed alluded to in his prepared remarks, the quality
there is really what allows the step-up in the growth acceleration really driven by electric vehicles.

On the elastomer side, it's companies like Saint-Gobain, who really -- Woodbridge, [ Niadanko ], are kind
of a few names there. Across the board in each of these kind of 3 businesses, Rogers, it has a leading
market share. They're among the leaders. They're winning in the market. They've got a great pipeline
of opportunities, especially on the automotive, the advanced mobility side, with EV and ADAS. They're
working with all the power electronic OEMs. And a lot of those are, by the way, are E&I customers as well.
So we'll have great relationships across the industry to be able to deliver some of those growth synergies
and the upside. On a historical growth rate, they've kind of been growing mid-single digits. And with the
step-up from automotive opportunities in electric vehicles, which are markets that are growing anywhere
from mid-teens and ADAS systems to 30% on the EV side, they'll see a nice growth acceleration as those
start to scale over the next few years.

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

John, they have very nice wins. We did a lot -- we've been hearing it in the marketplace, and obviously
studying them for a few years, but we've done a lot of due diligence around the pipeline of the wins. And
they're very well positioned, as Jon said, on ADAS, EV, with wins and a lot of design opportunities that
they're working on. So we're -- we feel very good about a high single-digit growth rate going forward for
the business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

John Patrick McNulty
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Got it, hugely helpful. And then just as a follow-up, on the mobility asset sale or divestiture, however it
ends up going, can you speak to how we should think about any stranded costs? How quickly you may be
able to exit those if there's much in the way of anything that would be left anyway.

Lori D. Koch
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, we're very good at getting at stranded costs quickly. So if there's any to be had, we'll get
at it. I mean, we'll look at the transaction holistically. So you'll have the M&M portfolio going out, Rogers
coming in and then another transaction coming in some time later in the fall, until we have line of sight
for the proceeds from the M&M divestiture. So we benchmark best-in-class from a G&A perspective, we'll
continue to benchmark best-in-class post the transaction.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson from Mizuho.

Christopher S. Parkinson
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Just regarding Slide 11, you do have a history of exceeding expectations on cost synergies. And clearly,
you're already embracing the potential for revenue synergies as well. So just taking that 14x post-
synergy multiple and integrating how you're assessing the long-term aggregate synergy potential based
on your various buckets, can you just discuss the potential to further reduce the price paid and what
the investment community should be monitoring during the first, let's say, 18 months, just given your
progress that you've just highlighted on Laird?

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Yes. Well, we're -- look, when we talk about cost synergies, hopefully, we'd be conservative, and we
compute those numbers as we already are on Laird by the way. So we'll keep updating you with the -- the
year goes on. By the way, the multiples, actually, I think they get right to investment, but it's 13.6x. And
if we find additional synergies, we reduced it from there. And we'll just keep updating. Now that we can sit
down and been actually with the teams in more detail, that's usually what we can really sharpen the pencil
and really look at what else we can do. And we'll be doing that over the next few months. So I'm highly
confident we'll get that amount. And we'll -- yes, we've always been in the past, let me just say that.

Christopher S. Parkinson
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Understood. And just as a quick follow-up, just shifting to the macro. Your team has done a fairly good job
just driving pricing, controlling the raw materials, as you highlighted, at least the $100 million ex M&M.,
but also transportation logistics headwinds. So based on what you're seeing right here, right now, as we're
already in the fourth quarter, just what should we think about the pricing algorithm versus raws as well as
transportation logistics heading into '22 and '23? I mean is there any expectation that we get -- if we do,
in fact, receive relief, you will get a structural margin uplift in certain businesses?

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Well, most of that would be in the M&M business. So you try to hold price as long as you can, right,
when raws come down, so you might get some benefit there. But I would say, over a more intermediate
time they would track each other. So you wouldn't have a margin problem. But if raws did come down
significantly, you'd give up some price, but you hold it as long as you could.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

The logistics issues, I don't think are getting any better out there. I think global force majeures did get
better, as we said. So the raw material supplies into M&M has substantially improved, which is great. And
we're able to catch up a little bit last quarter with our customers in orders we couldn't ship in the first and
second quarter.

But we're looking right now at additional surcharges on freight because that has continued to go up,
especially ocean freight and all that. So I don't think we'll probably are going to do some here. We
actually have a meeting in the next couple of days where we're going to do a surcharge instead of a price
increase on the actual product itself. So people now, look, we're just passing this on because of the freight
increases. So we want to be positioned well going into 2022.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts from UBS.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I have two questions. Your 2022 Rogers EBITDA estimate is 10% above consensus. Is there any significant
new product or development that you uncovered in your due diligence?

Lori D. Koch
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So we estimated $270 for next year. So the largest incremental growth release is coming from the
top line. And so you've got the benefit from -- they had made a small acquisition of a silicone engineering
that they just announced recently, so you have the benefit of that, as well as about mid-teens growth from
an organic perspective, really coming from the strength in the pipeline that Jon had highlighted earlier. So
about 30% of their revenue is in advanced mobility, which is ADAS, which is growing kind of in the mid-
teens, and then battery, which gets upwards of 20% plus. And then finally, they did have a fire at one of
their facilities in Asia, so we're expecting recovery there, incremental 2022 over 2021. So those are really
the key drivers of the top line that are dropping to the bottom line and giving us that confidence that we'll
get to $270 next year.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And then, don't take this the wrong way, Ed, but this seems to set up an endgame for DuPont and you
stepped back once from the CEO role. Do these transactions focus DuPont enough that you might consider
stepping back again?

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

No.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar from Citi.

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Yes. Wondering if you can talk about your volume growth in China. I'm wondering if you've seen any
weakness related to housing and construction activities as we've been reading some headlines here. Can
you just talk about the big picture there?

Lori D. Koch
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So really, the only pullback that we potentially will see in China in the fourth quarter. So in the
third quarter, organic growth in China was about 11%. That put us in the low 20% year-to-date. And
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

in the fourth quarter right now, we're expecting high single-digit growth in China organically. So the
sequential deceleration is really just a reflection of the semiconductor shortage that we highlighted earlier
impacting primarily our auto sales, less so our electronic sales. And then that timing shift that we've been
highlighting around the timing of the smartphone deliveries that favor the first half. So I would say no
overall structural change. Our expectations of being up organically 7% in the fourth quarter is ahead of
where GDP is expected to be right now for China as well, so we'll continue to outpace.

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Yes. And Our exposure on in kind of the house and commercial sector in China is minimal. That's a bigger
business for us on the residential side in North America. So really no impact there.

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then clearly, Rogers is a high-growth company in areas such as EVs and wireless infrastructure.
And I know you're frustrated with your own multiple, I can hear that in your voice. But maybe you can talk
about your thoughts on how did you triangulate on the multiple of 19x 2022 EBITDA for Rogers and just
your overall thoughts there.

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Yes, sure. So look, the 19x, I would never do a stand-alone in 19x, I can tell you that. But we comfortably
have it down to 13.6x with the synergies we know we can get in, as I said a minute ago. Hopefully, we
can get some upside to that. So anyway, I feel very comfortable by it. This is a very high-quality company.
And one of the things Jon and I and Lori we love about it, it really is high in technology expertise, their
scientists, the products they develop are on the cutting-edge, it's exactly what DuPont does. So the
barriers around that, that we like. And it's always to our existing end customers and it also expands some
markets where we think we can leverage our products, as Jon said, into these other markets.

So it's just -- it's a very high-quality asset. Again, we've watched it for years and seriously for 3 years.
And the beauty about this, the 13.6x, we feel like they, with the funnel they have, they're on the cusp of
some real secular growth areas that we're getting in on early with them.

By the way, we feel like we did that with Laird and we were already seeing it in the performance of Laird.
They're nicely outperforming. What we said -- we have literally bought Laird now. If you just use the
numbers they're running at this year, we bought Laird at 10x. I think when we announced it, we said it
was 11x. And the performance we're going to end the year out of Laird has already brought that down to
10x. So -- and that, again, a very high-quality asset we got at a great price. We think we're right at that
point with Rogers, with the secular growth areas on ADAS is growing 15%, EVs are growing 30%, just to
name the auto industry, and Rogers is very well positioned there. And these things are just beginning to
really ramp.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Aleksey Yefremov from KeyBanc.

Aleksey V. Yefremov
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Ed and Lori, I would agree that end markets are very attractive for Rogers and the products look strong,
but margins are lower than DuPont's legacy electronics business. In your due diligence, how did you
think about that in terms of maybe technological differentiation barriers to entry or opportunities for
improvement?

Jon D. Kemp
President of Electronics & Industrial

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Yes, Alex, I'll go ahead and take that one. You get kind of -- the way to think about it is you got 2/3 of
the portfolio with established products that have very attractive margin profiles that closely match the
types of things that we have in the rest of the portfolio. And then you've got kind of 1/3 that is in that
power electronics space that is really just starting to scale up based on the EV. It's great technology
with a differentiated position. It has a slightly smaller margin profile today as the volumes are starting
to scale up for those applications. As we add the volume in, the margins drift up nicely. And then you
layer synergies on top of that, and you'll have a really solid, very attractive margin profile for the overall
business.

Aleksey V. Yefremov
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

And a quick follow-up. On supply constraints in Mobility, supply of raw materials, if 100% is completely
normal supply and maybe 0% as the worst point of the shortages, where do you think you would be in
fourth quarter and first half of '22?

Lori D. Koch
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So the raw material constraints have really basically alleviated. So compared to where we were in the
first half with the freeze in Texas, we're light years beyond that. So everything is generally back to normal
with respect to raw material supply.

What we're -- what we're facing right now is really just the semiconductor shortage impacting the OEMs
that are pushing lower demand back to us. And so once we can resolve the semiconductor shortage
challenge probably some time into mid next year, you'll get back to a more normal environment. So it's
really not raw, it's really just the semi shortage.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison from Wells Fargo.

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Nice transaction, a couple of transactions, I guess. But it might be a little bit early, but when I think about
'23 EBITDA, you take what you're going to do this year in '21, minus $1 billion for M&M, plus Rogers, plus
synergy, and I assume we get pretty good growth, right, over the next couple of years. Is kind of the base
case for '23 to look like '21, if not a lot higher? Well, maybe not a lot higher, but certainly the possibility of
'23 EBITDA could be higher than '21.

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Yes. I don't know want to answer something out of '23. But look, I think we've teed up a portfolio, as
we said, it's going to be higher growth and very little volatility in it. So it also depends if we do another
acquisition or we do more share repurchase. It depends upon that also because I think back to Steve
Tusa's comments, there's some billions of dollars sitting here at the end of 2022. So depends how we
redeploy that to create shareholder value also. So there's still some big moving pieces. But again, we
expect nice growth in '22 in the core new portfolio, and we expect nice growth in 2023.

As Lori had mentioned, 40% of the portfolio is clearly nicely growing, way nicer than GDP, because there
are any secular growth areas. You take our Water business, you take pretty much the whole E&I sector
into account there, just to name 2 of them. And with the Laird now in there and the Rogers in there, you
get a nice part of our portfolio growing at a nice clip.

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Got it. And as a quick follow-up. I understand the potential to be compared to the multi-industrial folks.
The portfolio is going to be little more simplistic to major businesses. But DuPont tends to be put into
chemical indexes for the major funds. So will this -- will these transactions either move from an SIC code
or something like that to an industrial code, where I think you can get a little bit more attention for the
comps that you want to be compared to?

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Well, first of all, the comps, by the way, they really are good comps because if you take the broad
bucket of multi-industrials, the end markets we're in are all the key end markets a lot of the other multi-
industrial. So we're not drifting off of something else here that's different. In fact, I would say the one
thing that was different actually from the compare group was more evident, that was probably most
people are leaning more towards the chemical industry and not the multi-industrial, but the portfolio now
lines up end market very, very well.

So look, we'll work that issue on the multi-industrial over time. We kind of put an action plan together on
it. We need our investors to focus on that. We need to talk to the right people, at the right funds within
the big companies that invest in us, and we'll work that issue. But I think over time, we will get compared.
I mean, we benchmark really nice against that group.

Operator

Your final question comes from the line of Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets.

Arun Shankar Viswanathan
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I guess two questions. So first off, on the Q2 '22 expected close, is that a little bit later than you expect?
Is there any regulatory issues that you expect through this process? And similarly, for October '22 for the
divestitures, that also seems like a ways away. Are you just building in some extra cushion there?

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

The 2020 -- so the closing of Rogers deal, I don't see any issues. We've obviously studied the antitrust
extremely deeply, so I don't see any issues there. Could that close a little bit sooner? It could. But we're
just targeting the second quarter to be safe. Could be a little faster. I don't think M&M will be faster than
October 1 because the long pole in the tent is more of the work we have to do internally at DuPont to
separate it. So we'll announce a sale to somebody way sooner than October 1, but we won't be able to
actually separate it out of the company until that point in time.

Arun Shankar Viswanathan
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. And as a follow-up, you've clearly been on a path to move towards higher-growth, higher-margin
businesses in the hopes of getting some multiple uplift. What can you do to accelerate that if that's not
shown in the market? Will you continue to march down this path of separation and streamlining? Is there
-- it looks like there's more announcements coming potentially in Water. Is that the next area of growth
that we should think about?

Edward D. Breen
CEO & Executive Chairman

Well, by the way, we're down to these flat 5 platforms that we mentioned. So it could come really in any of
those platforms. We [indiscernible] decide that. We'd love that in our Water space. We'd love it in 5 single
digit growth rate, I think, in the sector along for many, many years. And it's a global issue, which we helps
solve for people. So we do like that space. Look, let's see how this year goes. I'm highly confident people
will recognize what's in this portfolio.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

I will also add, I think, which would be very helpful for everybody, we started doing the teach-in, Jon did
one on semiconductor a month or so ago. We have one coming up here shortly And we're going to walk
you through every key piece of the portfolio. And I think it will really highlight the value.

But internally here, like I just -- I'll use 2 companies we have, Vespel and Kalrez, and I don't think anyone
has a clue what those businesses are like and how awesome they are and how good and the growth trends
in those businesses. So just to name 2 that we didn't even talk about today. So I think the teach-ins will
be very, very powerful in people to see what we have and the value and the technology that we have in
the company. And I think that's going to be helpful also.

Patrick Fitzgerald
Thanks, Ed. Thanks, everyone, for joining our call. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be
posted on DuPont's website. This concludes our call.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

