DuPont de Nemours, Inc. NYSE:DD
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 30, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.95

0.95

0.00

0.95

3.79

3.80

0.26

3.99

5235.60

5204.00

(0.60 %)

5529.39

21539.44

21512.00

(0.13 %)

21831.56

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-30-2020 12:31 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.54

0.82

0.95

0.95

2.52

0.97

0.96

0.95

(0.79 %)

18.29 %

1.05 %

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Edward D. Breen
Executive Chairman

Jeanmarie F. Desmond
Executive VP & CFO

Lori Koch
Vice President Investor Relations
and Corporate FP&A

Marc C. Doyle
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Christopher S. Parkinson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

John George Inch
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

John Patrick McNulty
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Jonas I. Oxgaard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

P.J. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Robert Andrew Koort
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Steve Byrne
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the DuPont Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being
recorded.

And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lori Koch. Please go ahead.

Lori Koch
Vice President Investor Relations and Corporate FP&A

Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for DuPont's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019
Earnings Conference Call. We are making this call available to investors and media via webcast.

We have prepared slides to supplement comments during this conference call. These slides are posted
on the Investor Relations section of DuPont's website and through the link to our webcast. Joining me on
the call today are Marc Doyle, Chief Executive Officer; Jean Desmond, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ed
Breen, Executive Chair.

Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in this slide. During our call, we will make
forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these
statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risk and uncertainty, our actual
performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Our third quarter
Form 10-Q as updated by our current and periodic reports include detailed discussion of principal risks and
uncertainties which may cause such differences.

Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today exclude significant items.
We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial
measure is included in our press release.

I will now turn the call over to Marc.

Marc C. Doyle
CEO & Director

Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I'll quickly run through an overview of 2019 and how
we executed against our key priorities. I'll then cover our priorities and expectations for 2020, including
the actions we are taking in light of our expectations for a slow start to 2020 given further price pressure
in our nylon business and unplanned outages, which have already been resolved at our largest S&C site.
Our teams are intently focused on addressing these items to return to a more normal growth pattern after
Q1.

Starting on Slide 2. The team delivered sound full year results within a macro environment dominated by
the China tariff situation, which significantly challenged 2 of our key end markets, auto and electronics,
resulting in both demand contraction and inventory destocking. As we navigated the market uncertainty,
our team continued to stay focused on the levers within our control, including price discipline and cost
actions nicely mitigating the impact of volume declines on earnings.

Our full year net sales of $21.5 billion were down 5% in total and down 2% organically, with price up 2%
and volume down 4%. While full year operating EBITDA of $5.6 billion was down 4%, our strong operating
discipline resulted in gross margin expansion of greater than 50 basis points and operating EBITDA margin
expansion of 10 basis points for the year. Adjusted EPS of $3.80 per share was down 7%, reflecting lower
segment income, currency headwinds and a higher tax rate. This was partially offset by lower depreciation
and a lower share count due to both share repurchases completed in the first half of the year from the
DowDuPont program and $750 million of repurchases we made since our separation on June 1.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Slide 3 provides more detail on our top line results for the year, both the pluses and minuses. Our
performance in each of our underlying businesses was consistent with market trends, and this slide
highlights the themes we have talked about throughout the year, including our strength in 5G which is
reflected in our Interconnect Solutions business, the continued momentum in Water Solutions and the
steady growth of our Food & Beverage business. We continue to make high-return investments in R&D,
CapEx and M&A in these and other areas to drive further innovation-led growth, including opportunities
to expand our content in next-generation smartphones and hybrid and electric vehicles. Offsetting these
were lower results in our Semiconductor Technologies business and our T&I segment and lower sales in
our Health & Biosciences business primarily from pronounced slowdowns in North America bioethanol and
probiotics markets.

Moving to adjusted EPS results on Slide 4. Within our segment results, pricing gains, synergies and cost
savings were more than offset by the impact of softer volumes, lower equity affiliate income and higher
year-over-year planned maintenance costs, particularly in the back half of the year in S&C. Currency was
a $0.16 headwind for the year. Below-the-line items had a net neutral impact to our adjusted EPS driven
by an increase in the tax rate, offset by benefits from lower depreciation and amortization and a lower
share count.

I'll now cover how we executed against our 2019 priorities on Slide 5. As I've mentioned, the past year
was a challenge given macro conditions negatively impacting about 40% of our portfolio, which led
to weaker results versus our expectations going into the year. However, we did deliver strong results
in key end markets such as water, 5G, aerospace, medical and plant-based meats where the market
fundamentals remain sound. Our continued commitment to a best-in-class cost structure was a key driver
of our ability to expand both gross and operating EBITDA margins. We delivered greater than $500 million
in annual savings from synergy programs and the restructuring program we launched in the second
quarter of 2019. These initiatives did help to improve our operating leverage, but we still have more work
to do here.

We also made significant progress this past year on our portfolio strategy, announcing our agreement to
merge our Nutrition & Biosciences business with IFF, creating a de facto leader in the food and beverage
space with the broadest technology and product offerings. Ed will speak further about this transaction later
in the call. Additionally, we further refined our portfolio through the announcement of the divestment of 3
businesses during the year.

Free cash flow conversion was strong this year, and we reported greater than 100% conversion on an
underlying basis for the past 2 quarters. Finally, while I'm pleased that our 2019 ROIC of 29% reflects
marked improvement from 2017 when the portfolio was first put together, our 2019 performance was not
as strong as our prior year results due to weakened working capital performance, lower segment earnings
and a higher tax rate. Both working capital and segment earnings are key focus areas for improvement
moving forward and critical components of our 2020 priorities, which I'll discuss on the next slide.

As noted, we know we have more work to do in some of our key value-creation drivers. I am disappointed
with our operational leverage as we exited the year and the slow start to 2020, and I'll provide more detail
on the actions we're taking to return to growth which is more in line with our expectations in a moment.

Growth through innovation is a key component of our strategy, and we will continue to drive competitive
advantage and sustainable top line expansion through our application development engine and deep
customer relationships. Through our differentiated investment, we aim to increase demand by advancing
several key technical milestones in our major R&D platforms, such as 5G, microbiome and auto
electrification. To ensure we can meet additional demand generated by these programs, we will continue
to implement key capacity expansions. R&D initiatives and investments in innovation will also contribute to
our 2030 sustainability initiatives, and we look forward to reporting progress towards these goals.

Our operating model enabled us to be agile and proactively respond to the dynamic market environment
in 2019. This will be just as, if not more, important in 2020. Particular focus areas this year are continuing
to advance productivity initiatives using digital tools and process simplification and rightsizing the
organization. With a high-performing operating model, focus on innovation and defined targets for
working capital improvement, we expect to enable further improvement in both ROIC and free cash flow

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

conversion. Active portfolio management remains a key component of our strategy. Ed will address this in
more depth during his remarks.

Slide 7 details the actions underway as well as those actions we expect to put in place in response to both
the macro environment and our operating challenges. We expect that the completion of the DowDuPont
synergies and the 2019 restructuring plan will provide approximately $215 million of gross cost savings in
2020. These programs are well defined, and the teams are executing the actions needed to deliver these
savings.

We are also planning further cost reductions this year to enable us to better maintain our operating
leverage as we committed. These actions will also start to address the stranded costs we expect following
completion of the N&B transaction. We anticipate approximately $90 million of savings from these
initiatives. In addition, we have launched a project to consolidate our asset footprint, which we expect
to generate a total of greater than $150 million of savings over a 3-year period with the first impact
beginning in 2021. I will share more information on these items as they continue to take shape.

Before I turn the call over to Jean to discuss the fourth quarter, I'll cover our first quarter and full year
guidance, starting with organic growth on Slide 8. For the full year, we expect sales of $21.5 billion to $22
billion, which is up slightly on an organic growth basis. We anticipate a return to more normal growth in all
our core segments except T&I, which is being impacted by continued weakness in the automotive market
and nylon industry headwinds, which I'll cover when reviewing EPS expectations.

E&I is expected to deliver 2% to 5% organic growth as memory markets return to a more normal growth
profile in the back half of the year. Next-generation smartphones with higher content of our materials
continue to penetrate the market, and we already started to see these volumes in the second half of
last year. N&B is expected to grow 3% to 4% organically, with strong volumes across all 3 businesses
led by a return to growth in our probiotics business from the actions we're taking to win new business
in North America as well as the strong Chinese market, continued acceleration of our offerings into
the alternative meat market and strengthen in food enzymes. S&C is also expected to grow 2% to 3%
organically from continued strong demand in Water Solutions, further pricing gains and resolution of the
raw material supply shortages that limited production in the back half of last year in Safety Solutions.
Noncore is expected to decline 3% to 5% organically from lower demand for trichlorosilane to the Hemlock
Semiconductor joint venture and for Sorona in carpet and apparel applications.

Moving to full year adjusted EPS expectations on Slide 9. This year, we expect adjusted EPS of $3.70
to $3.90 per share as higher volumes, cost reductions and productivity improvements are offset by net
headwinds from discrete items in 2019 and lower nylon prices, coupled with a weaker nylon mix. From a
quarterly perspective, these headwinds are most pronounced in the first quarter, which I'll cover on the
next slide.

I'll now go into further detail on the nylon dynamics we're facing. Nylon industry fundamentals were
weaker in the second half of 2019 as lower demand, coupled with improved industry supply reliability,
negatively impacted our discretionary pricing power. We anticipate a similar operating environment as we
enter 2020 and forecast T&I segment prices will be down about mid-single digits primarily due to lower
year-over-year nylon prices and weaker mix, resulting in pricing headwinds of approximately $200 million
to $250 million.

For context, in 2018, T&I segment earnings were up 20% as steady demand, coupled with industry-wide
supply disruption and force majeures in nylon 66 and key raw materials, fueled higher prices, with our
pricing peaking in the first quarter of 2019. With the supply issues resolved and weak auto build forecast
for 2020, market prices for nylon have been pressured and are expected to continue to decline as the year
progresses, with the most significant impact in the first half of 2020. Additionally, weakened demand in
our core markets has resulted in a shift towards more opportunistic lower-margin nylon sales so that we
can fill our assets, resulting in a weaker mix of products sold.

We have and continue to implement a series of actions to moderate the pricing impact, focused on
productivity and asset utilization. While we anticipate a challenging 2020 for T&I, we remain constructive
on our mid- to long-term outlook. Aerospace, health care and auto electrification continue to provide

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

steady demand, and our deep innovation capabilities have us well positioned for renewed growth as
markets recover. In summary, our T&I expectations for this year are disappointing, but I'm confident that
we will continue to take the right actions to drive sustainable long-term growth.

Moving to Q1 on Slide 10. As I noted, our growth headwinds are most pronounced in the first quarter and
predominantly encompass declines for lower discrete item gains, weakened nylon dynamics and unplanned
outages in S&C. Once we get past the first quarter, we expect the nylon headwinds to abate given the
peak of nylon pricing was in Q1 of last year. In addition, our Kevlar assets that are causing the headwinds
in S&C are already back up and running. These dynamics, coupled with the 2020 cost actions that will
start to ramp after the first quarter, give us confidence that we can return to a more normal pattern of
growth beyond the first quarter.

This quarter, we anticipate sales to decline in the mid-single digits and adjusted EPS to be in the range
of $0.70 to $0.74 per share. The top and bottom line declines are driven by nylon headwinds and the
unplanned outages in our S&C segment. Additionally, there were approximately $80 million or $0.08 per
share of discrete items in the first quarter of 2019 that will not repeat.

Jean will cover some additional guidance detail in her comments. And in the appendix, we have provided
segment-level commentary as well as some additional modeling specifics. I'll now turn the call over to her.

Jeanmarie F. Desmond
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Marc. Starting on Slide 11. We closed the quarter about where we expected from a top line and
EPS perspective. As we mentioned on our mid-December call, our operating EBITDA was going to be at
the low end of the range, which is consistent with our reported results. In total, operating EBITDA of $1.4
billion was down 14% versus the prior year driven by lower gains in our noncore segments associated with
customer settlements from our Hemlock Semiconductor joint venture as well as lower nylon pricing in our
T&I segment. I'll get into further segment detail in a few moments.

While many of the market challenges that Marc mentioned for the year also impacted our fourth quarter,
the team's disciplined focus on driving price and executing on our cost-saving initiatives delivered results.
Because of the focus in these 2 areas, our teams were able to hold gross margins flat with the fourth
quarter 2018 despite 20 basis points of gross margin headwinds from softness in auto and lower nylon
pricing.

Slide 12 provides additional detail on the top line performance for the quarter. Net sales of $5.2 billion
were in line with our expectations and down 2% organically versus the prior year. Our Electronics &
Imaging business had the strongest results this quarter, led by further expansion of our content into
newer, high-speed, high-frequency phones, which generated greater than $1 per phone of additional sales
for us. We also continued to see strength in our Water Solutions business, which was up in the low teens,
driving overall organic growth in the S&C segment.

A few additional bright spots I would highlight from the quarter are in our Nutrition & Biosciences
segment. These include our offerings into the alternative or plant-based meat market, which is included in
the Food & Beverage business; and our animal nutrition and food enzymes business, both of which fall into
our Health & Biosciences business.

Moving to the fourth quarter adjusted EPS on Slide 13. Fourth quarter adjusted EPS of $0.95 was down
34%. I'll highlight 2 items within the segment results that are specific to the fourth quarter. First is lower
equity affiliate income, specifically our Hemlock Semiconductor joint venture within the noncore segment.
Equity affiliate income on an adjusted basis declined about $120 million or 42% to $166 million. This
decline is mostly attributable to lower income associated with customer settlements from the Hemlock
joint venture. These settlements were at their peak in 2018 and has trailed off substantially in 2019. We
expect another significant decline into 2020 from further reductions in the customer settlements and
declines in underlying results as customers are released from the contracts.

Also specific to the fourth quarter was the price decline in Transportation & Industrial segment. Although
we started to see sequential pricing pressure earlier this year following the peak in first quarter 2019, the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

year-over-year price only moved negative on us in the fourth quarter at down 2%. Tax was a headwind in
the quarter due to a lower rate in the prior year, driven by benefits from the DowDuPont transaction that
did not repeat. Our full year rate of 21% is in line with our expectations.

Turning to the balance sheet on Slide 14. You'll see that our net debt increased slightly to $15.9 billion,
mostly attributable to lower cash balances as we ended the year. In the fourth quarter, we closed 3
acquisitions in the water space for a total of about $175 million, and we made $185 million pension
contribution. It was triggered by the stand-up of new DuPont.

Share repurchases in the quarter were about $290 million, bringing our total repurchases since June 1
to $750 million. Excluding the pension contribution, which is reflected in operating cash flows, our fourth
quarter free cash flow conversion was greater than 100%, again exceeding our target of greater than
90%.

On this slide, you can see the trend of working capital over the past 5 quarters. While I'm pleased that
our working capital has improved in the back half of 2019, we are still above year-end 2018 levels and not
where we need to be. This remains a key focus area of mine in 2020 to free up cash. We've put in place a
working capital improvement target of 10% for the current year.

Shifting to a review of segment results and starting with Electronics & Imaging on Slide 15. Fourth quarter
net sales were the strongest of the year at $937 million and were up 3% versus the prior year. Strength
was led by our Interconnect Solutions business, where our Advanced Materials are supporting the launch
of next-generation smartphones. Low-teens growth in the interconnect business in the second half of
'19 is a proof point that we have market-leading innovative solutions to support the development of 5G
technologies.

The strength in Interconnect Solutions was partially offset by softness in semiconductor technology,
similar to what we saw in the third quarter of 2019. Our semiconductor business is about half exposed to
memory, which remains sluggish. However, the overall semiconductor market is on a positive trajectory
as evidenced by our sequential improvement the last 2 quarters, and we expect the recovery to continue,
returning to more normal growth in the back half of this year.

Fourth quarter operating EBITDA for the segment was $293 million, a decrease of 9% from pro forma
operating EBITDA of $321 million in the year-ago period. The mix shift between strength in Interconnect
Solutions and softness in semiconductor technology, the highest margin business within E&I, created
margin pressure leading to the EBITDA decline.

Moving to Nutrition & Biosciences on Slide 16. Net sales of $1.5 billion were flat on an organic basis, with
1% price improvement offset by 1% volume decline. For the fourth quarter, strength in food enzymes,
animal nutrition and our meat-free offering, each of which were up mid- to high single digits in the
quarter, were able to offset market-driven weakness in proteins, probiotics and biorefineries and supply
chain disruptions in sweeteners.

Fourth quarter operating EBITDA for the segment was $323 million, a decrease of 2% from pro forma
operating EBITDA of $330 million in the year-ago period. Productivity and pricing gains were more than
offset by manufacturing headwinds, unfavorable product mix and lower volume. The unfavorable product
mix was partially the result of softness in the North America probiotics market. Our business, consistent
with the market, was down on a year-over-year basis for both the quarter and the year. We are working
with channel partners, accelerating initiatives to get the North America market back on track.

While the North America market recovers, we expect that probiotics growth will continue to be fueled from
Asia Pacific where current market penetration is low as compared to other regions but growing steadily.
For the year, probiotic-s sales in China were up over 30%.

Our Transportation & Industrial results on Slide 17 reflects lower auto builds and weak demand in
electronics and modest continued destocking in the automotive channel. Net sales of $1.2 billion were
down 9% versus the prior year. Fourth quarter operating EBITDA for the segment was $277 million, a
decrease of 19% from pro forma operating EBITDA of $344 million in the year-ago period, with cost
reductions and lower raw material costs being more than offset by lower volume and price headwinds.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Turning to the results of Safety & Construction on Slide 18. Net sales of $1.3 billion were up 1% on an
organic basis. Volumes were mixed, with strength in areas such as Water Solutions, where double-digit
volume gains on strong demand for ion exchange and reverse osmosis membranes in industrial markets
were more than offset by volume declines in Safety Solutions and continued softness in Shelter Solutions.
Safety Solution demand remained steady across most product lines. However, planned maintenance
downtime and raw material disruptions in the supply chain limited production volumes. Fourth quarter
operating EBITDA for the segment totaled $311 million, flat with the year-ago period, with pricing gains
and productivity actions being offset by higher manufacturing costs, primarily from costs associated with
planned maintenance and lower volumes.

I'll close with a few comments on our cash generation and needs in 2020 on Slide 19. We continue
to expect to generate strong cash flows with a conversion rate greater than 90%. While many of the
DowDuPont transaction-related items are behind us, we will start to incur costs associated with our
recently announced N&B transaction. Our commercial paper balances at year-end were about $1.8 billion.
I'm committed to bringing these balances down throughout the year.

And finally, shareholder remuneration remains an important aspect of our overall capital allocation policy.
While our current forecast has the majority of cash that we generate from normal operations going
towards paying down commercial paper balances and the N&B transaction costs, we are targeting reducing
working capital by about 10% this year, which, along with future noncore divestments, would be targeted
for share buyback.

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Ed.

Edward D. Breen
Executive Chairman

Thanks, Jean. This morning, I'll provide an update on the N&B and IFF transaction as well as say a few
words on PFOS and the Chemours litigation. I continue to be excited about the value-creation potential
of our transaction with IFF and have confidence in the strong strategic logic for this combination. As a
proof point, we have already heard from several large customers about their excitement over the portfolio
breadth and technology depth of the new combined company.

As you can see on Slide 20, we have already begun working on the integration and rigorous processes
being run to ensure this goes smoothly. As you know, DuPont and the N&B team specifically has a lot of
experience in this area, starting 10 years ago with the integration of Danisco into DuPont and then, more
recently, executing the complex integration of the Dow and FMC portfolios with our business, in addition to
the internal combination of the former Nutrition & Health and Industrial Biosciences businesses. We know
how to do this, and we'll execute the same playbook that has worked so well for us in the past.

Some of the key short-term milestones that have already been completed are the establishment of the
executive steering team and the appointment of leaders for key work streams, including separation and
integration, core financials, IT separation and stand-up, legal entity work and talent selection. The teams
at both IFF and N&B are well staffed, and I am confident we will stay on track with our plans.

Beyond the N&B transaction, we continue to believe our portfolio presents many ways to create
shareholder value, and we continue to assess our options.

I'll close with a few words on the Chemours lawsuit and PFAS. We continue to believe our potential risk
exposure remains contained, and I feel it's worthwhile to underscore that point while also updating a
couple of items we discussed on our last call. Regarding the Ohio MDL personal injury claims, 2 related
cases are currently being tried together in Ohio as we speak. Chemours continues to indemnify and defend
these cases and others, subject to a limited cost-sharing agreement. As I mentioned last time, we still
have not contributed $0.01 in excess of the $25 million trigger, and by default, Chemours has not spent
more than $25 million.

With respect to the South Carolina MDL, most of these cases are tied to allegations of PFOS-containing
firefighting foam used over the last 60 years. These suits relate largely to PFOS, a chemical that neither
Chemours or historical DuPont ever made or sold. The same is true for firefighting foam. Historical DuPont

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

was not a manufacturer of foam, but for a limited period, along with numerous others, provided an
ingredient to foam manufacturers. This ingredient could lead to trace amounts of PFOA but absolutely
no PFOS, which is the primary concern. We continue to believe that the exposure of historical DuPont or
Chemours is negligible compared to those that manufactured, marketed and sold these materials.

We also continue to defend ourselves against various natural resource damages cases, most of which
are in states where we never had a manufacturing presence. These claims seem to focus on foam or
generic PFOS-containing products. We take these cases very seriously and monitor developments closely.
However, we still believe that direct impacts to DuPont are limited and are being managed appropriately.

As to the Chemours suit, in late December, the Delaware Chancery Court heard our arguments to dismiss
the case and send it to arbitration. We thought our argument went well, and we expect a decision by the
end of this quarter or early next.

I'll now turn it to Lori to open for Q&A.

Lori Koch
Vice President Investor Relations and Corporate FP&A

Thank you, Ed. With that, let's move on to your questions.

First, I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks
and the following Q&A. [Operator Instructions]
Operator, please provide the Q&A instruction.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from John Inch with Gordon Haskett.

John George Inch
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

It sounds like you have a little bit of a cold. I hope you haven't been to Wuhan, China recently.

Edward D. Breen
Executive Chairman

Yes. No, but I do have a bad cold, so I apologize.

John George Inch
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Well, it could be a lot worse. So understanding some of the first quarter 2020 compares issues such as the
onetimers. Still, if I annualize the midpoint of your first quarter guide, you get about $0.90 short of your
fiscal year estimates. So I'm just curious, what are the key drivers of your post-1Q growth assumptions,
your confidence level there?

And then just secondly, your $1 billion working capital opportunity that you called out in the slides, is that
tied to your 2021 asset footprint rationalization initiative? Or are these 2 discrete buckets that lead to 2
discrete streams of benefit?

Marc C. Doyle
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, John, for that question. This is Marc. Let me take it to give Ed's voice a bit of a break, and
then he can jump in. And I'll ask Jean to take the working capital question.

Just starting with the first quarter. You're right, it is an abnormally weak quarter. But I'll tell you, in terms
of the second quarter on, we do have strong confidence in our forecast. We're not assuming a recovery
for the markets here. We've got a number of things that are really under our control happening from Q1
to Q2, and it starts with sort of the typical seasonal lift that happens from 1Q to 2Q most every year. But
also, we've got a significant change in the onetimers because there's a sizable settlement associated with
the Hemlock joint venture in the second quarter, which is worth about $80 million in EBITDA.

And then on top of that, the S&C manufacturing headwinds that we had that hit us in the first quarter
are largely behind us now. So we're confident that the S&C business will be back to sort of normal supply
against continued strong demand. And then final kicker, the cost actions we announced here, which we've
kicked off, are going to start to deliver in the second quarter, and that will be worth another about $0.05
per share going forward per quarter. So when we rack these things up, it provides us confidence that the
second quarter is going to be kind of back to a more normal earnings environment.

Jeanmarie F. Desmond
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So in terms of working capital, really, it's separate and apart from the asset rationalization. This
is a working capital opportunity that we identified at the time we brought the portfolios together. Now
unfortunately, as we went through the separation process with DowDuPont and Corteva, our working
capital balances actually increased with all the system freezes we had and we've built inventory. And then
as we came into '19 and we saw slowdowns in some of our markets, that exacerbated the problem.

So we are taking a very strong effort in 2020 to reduce working capital by, as I said, 10%. We've got
teams activated to do that effort. And you should see that benefit separate and apart from these others.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

I would think, longer term, with the asset rationalization, we will have additional working capital benefits,
but those will be further out, past 2020.

Operator

And we'll hear next from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Just wanted to kind of come back to manufacturing. The S&C item, as you said, sounds like it gets ironed
out. You also mentioned some manufacturing issues in N&B. We've heard a few of these over the last
several quarters. I wonder if you could just address, Marc, whether kind of the manufacturing side of the
equation is largely kind of settled here post separation. Is there any particular disruptions going on as you
try to get after synergies? It would just be nice not to have to kind of talk about these issues.

Marc C. Doyle
CEO & Director

Yes, yes. Thanks, Jeff. Couldn't agree more. And I'd call some of this -- particularly like in N&B, these
things are abnormals that happen once in a blue moon. S&C is the one that's really been the most
pronounced, and it's a few quarters running now but for different reasons. So if I take you back to last
year, we had a real strong first half in S&C. And then we did run into a disruption in our supply chain for
a key material, Kevlar raw material supplier disruption, and that was part of the weakness in the third
quarter.

The fourth quarter, we had a planned maintenance, sort of a 2-year -- every 2-year maintenance cycle
on Nomex, but that had an earnings impact in the quarter. And now we've got a subsequent outage again
in the Kevlar manufacturing line, and it's a little bit connected to that raw material shortage because our
inventories were so tight after that, that a small disruption in manufacturing here has really had a bigger
impact on the quarter.

And so to your question on the kind of operational stability, I'd say, first of all, by and large, 180
manufacturing sites around the world, we've got strong performance. We're making investments in
productivity. We're making investments in digital. I've got confidence in our operations leadership around
the world. Our safety performance, by the way, was a record last year for us as a company in the history
of the company. And so I think the team are doing the blocking and tackling.

The Kevlar issues in S&C are extremely frustrating to us and to our Kevlar business team, but we feel
pretty good just in terms of where the unit's running right now. And given a couple of months to catch
back up with inventory, we think we'll be able to weather any future disruption there. And so hopefully,
this is behind us. And as you said, we won't be talking about this every quarter.

Operator

And next, we will hear from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Ed, if I could ask you on the PFAS, the personal injury cases. Originally, there was a settlement of personal
injury cases a few years ago. So just curious, why not settle these cases? I mean we've subsequently
seen the jackpots that are going against Bayer in the glyphosate cases. So why not settle these? And how
confident are you that this doesn't spiral into something that we don't want to deal with?

Edward D. Breen
Executive Chairman

Yes. So thanks for the question, Vincent. Look, there's about 60 of these cases outstanding. These 2 are
in trial right now. I can't necessarily forecast the outcome, but there's always the opportunity here to
settle. And settlement usually happens kind of in this window of time, so it's possible that, that will be the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

outcome. So we'll just have to see over the next ensuing weeks how that plays out. But obviously, we're
very cognizant of the point that -- or the question that you just asked.

Operator

And next, we'll hear from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Can you address the issue in terms of the discount in the share price due to PPA and the potential and
desire to do additional tax-efficient transactions for the portfolio, perhaps with the electronics franchise?

Edward D. Breen
Executive Chairman

Yes. So let me go back maybe just high level to the IFF transaction and just talk about that a moment
also. You all have done the math, and I read it on all your reports. But you just do the math on IFF as it
stands right now, and remainco DuPont trades at about 8x. So I think this will play out just on the IFF
transaction as we get closer to it.

I would also mention I really believe, and we're hearing this from our customers pretty broadly, that
we've created the de facto leading platform in the industry. By the way, it's incumbent upon us and IFF
to elegantly pull this merger off with each other, and we will do that. I know we have to prove that to
everybody. I understand that. But IFF also trades at a discount to the top peer set in the industry by about
500 basis points. So I think there's great leverage here in creating this phenomenal company, both the
value we're getting initially out of it and the value that can be created over the next couple of years with
that transaction. But having so said that, we trade at 8x on remainco.

Let me just say this, and I don't want to get into too much detail on it, but we're actively in conversations
with others. I like tax-efficient transactions. We like creating global leading companies, and we're very
agnostic. We want to do the right thing for our shareholders. And so we'll pursue those opportunities, and
we're assessing that with our Board as we speak.

Operator

Next, we'll hear from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So just on the kind of news flow that's out there. It was -- it seemed to be kind of the discussion that you
guys were looking at on the back of the last question, something around the T&I business. But then there
was some news flow that there was something perhaps on the electronics side. Can you just talk about --
I mean is it that -- is the situation with your portfolio kind of that fluid that you can kind of pivot from one
to the other like that? I know there's a bit of a restriction on how much you can actually sell down with
that EBITDA floor. But maybe, is it really kind of that fluid?

Edward D. Breen
Executive Chairman

No, actually, it's not as fluid as that sounds. It's a shame that those kind of leaks occur, and it's also not
great for our employees to be hearing one rumor after another, to be honest with you. So I don't want to
comment in too much detail.

But by the way, Steve, to your point, we do have an agreement with Corteva that we ought to maintain
$2.5 billion of EBITDA that stays with the liability. Having said that, that doesn't mean we can't separate
things if we want to. And I'm not saying we are, but if we want to, we can separate the different
businesses, but we would have to leave $2.5 billion of EBITDA liability with -- it could be 2 entities, by the
way, we leave it with. So we have a fair amount of flexibility in front of us, but -- so we don't have to hold
it in 1 entity if we don't want to.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Operator

And next, we'll hear from Steve Byrne with Bank of America.

Steve Byrne
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

In the spirit of your comments about innovation, Marc, I wondered if you had any thoughts about using
some of your technologies to maybe take a little more of a proactive stance on these PFAS liabilities. For
example, using your skills in water treatment to help these municipalities that have PFAS, unrelated to
legacy DuPont sites but just for goodwill, like the city of Fayetteville pulls water that's got 20 parts per
trillion PFOA, PFOS and it's upstream from the Chemours plant; or use your capabilities in probiotics to
develop bacteria that can degrade these fluorinated compounds in these industrial wastewater treatment
plants. Your thoughts on that?

Marc C. Doyle
CEO & Director

Yes, yes. Thanks, Steve. It's a great question. And actually, we published some PFAS commitments as new
DuPont late last year, and those included kind of our commitments for use of PFAS in our products and
manufacturing. And the -- my perspective on this is that this isn't so much about health effects at the low
levels of exposure we're talking about, but the fact that these long-chain chemicals are bioaccumulative
is just unacceptable these days to all of us. And so we made a statement that included that we would be
ending all use in our product lines, we'd be driving the use of PFAS-free firefighting foams at all of our
manufacturing sites, to be a leader there. And we made a commitment around our water business.

And just to your point, we've been pretty active in the water space. Now this has, as you're probably
aware, the heritage Dow Water Solutions business, been a leader in the global water industry for decades.
We've been, of course, investing aggressively in that business because the growth is fantastic. And those
acquisitions we made last year, of course, sort of further strengthened our portfolio now so that we've got
offerings that span from UF to ion exchange to reverse osmosis. And ion exchange and RO, in particular,
are pretty effective techniques for removal of trace PFAS compounds.

And so one of the commitments we made in the -- in that document last year was to provide technology,
including royalty-free licenses to certain pieces of IP that we had around the PFAS area. We're also
working very actively on product developments that would allow our materials -- our components to be
targeted to cleanup activities. And so just as you said, we're trying to do the right thing, working around
the country in areas where there's need here.

Edward D. Breen
Executive Chairman

By the way, I would just add a point back to the whole PFOS conversation. You know we've been sued by
the State of Michigan. And just to make a point back to my prepared remarks, we had no manufacturing
facility there that used any of those materials. It's more of a firefighting foam case. And so I think as it
plays out and the facts are laid on the table, we had nothing to do in that state with any of that.

Operator

And next, we'll hear from Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein.

Jonas I. Oxgaard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I was curious about the automotive, so a 2-part question. On -- if we strip out the nylon impact, what
does that business look like in 2020? And what underlying automotive market growth do you use for that
outlook?

Marc C. Doyle
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Yes. Thanks, Jonas. It's a good question. So just starting with the underlying market growth. We're
assuming -- our planning assumption is a continued slight contraction in the auto industry for 2020,
like minus 1% with respect to builds this year. So that's another contraction versus more significant
contraction last year.

When you strip out nylon pricing, we are expecting our engineering plastics to continue to grow from
a volume perspective a little bit faster than the market. We're expecting destocking. We're seeing that
destocking has pretty well ended, and so that provides some sequential improvement in the situation.
And then on top of that, we're benefiting from some of the growth drivers like auto electrification. And
you know EV sales were up double digits last year, expected to be up double digits this year. We're seeing
our growth into electric vehicles growing even faster than that. And so that's starting to become a more
significant driver.

So you're absolutely right that nylon pricing dynamics are so significant. They're kind of overwhelming a
lot of the positives, but there are some bright spots or green shoots there underneath that. On top of that,
I'd just add, given the nylon situation, we are taking some pretty aggressive action around cost control.
And that includes productivity actions in the sites -- the production sites, but also the G&A costs at the
business level to try to tighten up the belt as much as we can to mitigate some of that pricing downside
that we're seeing.

Operator

Next, we'll hear from John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.

John Patrick McNulty
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

So with regard to the noncore assets, can you give us an update on how the sales are looking there? And
I understand the Hemlock business is a little bit more complicated, but is that something you feel like you
can get pulled off by the end of the year this year?

Marc C. Doyle
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, John. This is Marc. I'll take that, yes. So we feel pretty confident we're going to continue
to make progress. And like we've said the last couple of quarters, my expectation is you'll see kind of
a steady drip of progress here across the businesses in noncore. Hard to time, obviously a lot of work
behind the scenes on transactions, a lot of rumors. I saw that there was a new one this week that came
out. I'd say ignore the rumors but have confidence that we're working hard to execute the noncore
divestitures, and we should see progress quarter by quarter here.

Operator

Next, we'll hear from Christopher Parkinson with Crédit Suisse.

Christopher S. Parkinson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. Within the S&C segment, you've obviously had good margin progress over the last few years. But
more recently, you've obviously faced some procurement challenges, outage, et cetera. Can you just walk
us through your intermediate- to long-term expectations for S&C margins just given the current asset
footprint, procurement strategy evolution? And then also the growth outlook for -- and expectations for
both an eventual rebound for Safety Solutions and momentum in RO membranes in water, just any color
would be greatly appreciated.

Marc C. Doyle
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Chris. Yes, absolutely right. We had great progress on S&C margins through '18, first half
of '19. We've stumbled a bit now in the last few quarters. And as I said earlier, the majority of that is

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

really operational issues in the aramids business and Safety Solutions. We are pretty confident that, that's
behind us.

When you look at the demand environment -- so we've got 3 primary markets that we're exposed to,
safety, water and shelter. No big trajectory change year-over-year in the market environment. So the
demand is still very strong in water, strong in safety, kind of pockets of weakness in shelter but no big
trajectory change. And so in that environment, with the operational issues resolved, we feel pretty good
that we'll see the margins come back to what we've said is the kind of operating range that we expect,
sort of mid- to high 20s range.

And then going forward, as water grows -- water segment margins are strong, a little bit above the
average. With the acquisitions we've made, we've got some further upside to drive margin improvement,
and so I would expect that to provide longer-term lift in terms of what we could expect margins to
continue to do. So I'm feeling pretty good. We got through some issues here. We should see, with
continued demand, the margin strengthen, and then we've got some longer-term upside on top of that.

Jeanmarie F. Desmond
Executive VP & CFO

And maybe just to follow up on Marc's comments. If you look at safety within Safety & Construction, it has
the highest margins and our largest capital investment that we're making. We've talked about before the
tieback line 8 that we're building in Luxembourg. So obviously, that's not to an impact on 2020. But as
we go towards the future and we look at the needs for tieback for medical packaging and for protective
garment, we'll see -- we'll have the capacity to meet what we expect to be continued strong demand in
that space.

Marc C. Doyle
CEO & Director

And that will be accretive to margins over time as we get the new asset up and running and filled.

Operator

Next, we'll hear from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.

Robert Andrew Koort
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Quick question on the nylon issue. I know you guys got out of nylon commodity years ago with
INVISTA, and I guess I had assumed that the engineering polymers business maybe had a little bit more
downstream, high-value offering. So why is it that you're exposed to that nylon pricing risk and not really
passing through whatever you need to in order to recover that?

And then secondly, Ed, you talked about trying to keep tax leakage at a minimum. Do you also worry
about value leakage here if you try to monetize some of these assets when they're not exactly pumping
with all cylinders going at the present time?

Marc C. Doyle
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Bob. I'll take the first one and turn it over to Ed, give Ed a chance for his voice to prepare.
Yes, it's a great question on nylon. So just to be clear, this isn't raw material cost fluctuations so
there's not exactly a pass-through. But you could challenge fairly are we getting the value for our nylon
compounds, which are what we call, the trade name, Zytel. Zytel is a differentiated product. It's a market-
leading product. It's got unique properties in terms of temperature and mechanical for applications.
Automotive is sort of the highest value space, sizable market where Zytel is used.

So what's really happening here is us making the decision that to continue to stay in the game for new
qualifications in the auto space, we do have competitors that are at lower price, we've got to move price a
little closer to where now the competitors are in order to continue to be requalified for future applications.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

And so it's a delicate balance. I mean we do try to price for value, but at the end of the day, we're not the
only supplier of nylon compositions in the market. And so that's the kind of balance here that's happening.

Edward D. Breen
Executive Chairman

Yes. To the other question, look, the way I would answer it is very similar to what we did with IFF. We
have great franchises that we have in our respective industries. And yes, let me just use electronics now
as an example. The premier companies are trading literally 600 to 700 basis points above ours. We have
a great franchise in electronics. If we were to do something in one of our other businesses that was a tax-
advantaged transaction, we would get the equivalent value out of it, just like we did in the IFF transaction,
with the right appropriate multiple that, that industry should have. So whether the industry is up a little
right now or down a little bit right now is sort of irrelevant in one of those deals as long as you lock in the
proper multiple that you deserve in that industry.

So again, I'm not saying we're doing something tomorrow. We're assessing our options. We are talking to
people here. But clearly, we can get the value out of a transaction if we want to do something. If -- by the
way, if we were outright going to sell something right now and take cash for it, yes, you got to assess is
the industry up, is it down and all that, are you getting the proper value at the right time. But just going
back to the transaction we already announced, we don't have to worry about that in that we think we're
creating long-term great value by creating the de facto world leader in that industry, and that's the type of
things we're looking at.

Operator

And next, we will hear from John Roberts with UBS.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

You noted a big mix effect in the Electronics & Imaging segment. Is that lower margins in the imaging
segment versus electronics or a wide range of margins within electronics?

Marc C. Doyle
CEO & Director

Yes, it's more of the latter. So the semi -- we've got 3 businesses there, Interconnect Solutions,
Semiconductor Technologies and image solutions, as you said. And the Semiconductor Technologies
business is the highest margin segment, and the margins are about 700 basis points over -- higher than
the average for E&I. So it's a pretty significant mix effect.

Semi, as you know, was soft all year. I'd say the benefit is that we did see some sequential improvement
now 2 quarters running in the semi business. And so as we've seen from the semi companies out there,
we're starting to see the signs of a recovery here for 2020, and so we're confident that some growth in
semi as well as the margin mix improvement will be a key kicker for E&I this year.

Operator

And we will take our final question from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.

P.J. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

I want to go back to nylon. So you've seen compression in nylon pricing. A lot of these engineered
materials start out as a specialties and then get commoditized over time. Are you seeing commoditization
in nylon? Or is there new China competition? Or is it just that the capacity that was down is starting back?

Marc C. Doyle
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Yes, it's really that. Yes, good question, P.J. This is Marc. I'll take that. I mean there's no change -- no
significant change in the competitive environment, still the same group of major suppliers globally, all
fairly sizable multinationals. This is really the demand environment in automotive being so soft for an
extended period that's really impacting the pricing dynamics.

And so for us, in terms of actions to take, I mean, I talked about cost and productivity. We've got
to continue to develop high-value applications, so diversifying out of automotive. Automotive is a
great space for nylon because of the temperature and mechanical properties, but we are focused on
industrial applications, obviously electric vehicles. That core will continue to create value. We still think
the competitive dynamics globally are good here. But it's really -- as I said, it's really the demand
environment that's causing the pain.

Lori Koch
Vice President Investor Relations and Corporate FP&A

Thank you, everyone, for joining our call. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on
DuPont's website. This concludes our call.

Operator
And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

DUPONT DE NEMOURS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

