Edison International NYSE:EIX
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 29, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.02

0.94

(7.84 %)

1.68

4.54

4.73

Revenue  (mm)

3279.72

3315.00

1.08

4583.71

14253.83

14754.60

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-29-2021 3:23 AM GMT

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.50

1.19

0.74

1.02

1.67

1.19

0.79

0.94

SURPRISE

11.33 %

0.00 %

6.76 %

(7.84 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

Sam Ramraj
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Agnieszka Anna Storozynski
Seaport Research Partners

Constantine Lednev
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Sangita Jain
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Edison International Second Quarter 2021 Financial Teleconference.
My name is Terri, and I will be your operator today.

[Operator Instructions]

Today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Sam Ramraj, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Mr. Ramraj, you may begin your conference.

Sam Ramraj
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Terri, and welcome, everyone. Our speakers today are President and Chief Executive Officer,
Pedro Pizarro; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Maria Rigatti. Also on the call are
other members of the management team.

I would like to mention that we are doing this call with our executives in different locations, so please bear
with us if you experience any technical difficulties.

Materials supporting today's call are available at www.edisoninvestor.com. These include our Form 10-Q,
prepared remarks from Pedro and Maria and the teleconference presentation. Tomorrow, we will distribute
our regular business update presentation.

During this call, we will make forward-looking statements about the outlook for Edison International and
its subsidiaries. Actual results could differ materially from current expectations. Important factors that
could cause different results are set forth in our SEC filings. Please read these carefully.

The presentation includes certain outlook assumptions as well as reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to
the nearest GAAP measure. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Pedro.

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

Well, thank you, Sam, and thanks to everybody for joining. I hope all of you and your loved ones are
staying healthy and safe. Edison International reported core earnings per share of $0.94 compared to $1 a
year ago. However, this comparison is not meaningful because SCE did not receive a final decision in track
1 of its 2021 General Rate Case during the quarter. As many of you are aware, our proposed decision was
issued on July 9. The utility will file its opening comments later today and reply comments on August 3.
While Maria will cover the PD in more detail, our financial performance for the quarter and other financial
topics, let me first give you a few observations, which are summarized on Page 2.

The PD's base rate revenue requirement of $6.9 billion is approximately 90% of SCE's request.
The primary drivers of the reduction are lower funding for wildfire insurance premiums, vegetation
management and depreciation. The main reduction to SCE's 2021 capital forecast was for the Wildfire
Covered Conductor Program. Excluding wildfire mitigation-related capital, the PD would approve 98% of
SCE's 2021 capital request, much of which was uncontested.

The PD acknowledged the often-competing objectives of balancing safety and reliability risks with the
costs associated with ensuring SCE can make necessary investments to provide safe, reliable and clean
energy. The PD also notes that wildfire mitigation is a high priority for the state and the commission. The
PD supports critical safety and reliability investments and provides the foundation for capital spending and
rate base through 2023. We believe it is generally well reasoned, but it has some major policy implications
that are fundamentally inconsistent with where the state is headed. SCE's CEO, Kevin Payne, addressed
these implications well during oral arguments earlier this week, and the utility will elaborate on them in his
opening comments, which are outlined on Page 3.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

The largest area of concern is the significant proposed cuts to SCE's Wildfire Covered Conductor Program.
This is SCE's paramount wildfire mitigation program, and the utility's comments will focus on ensuring the
program scope is consistent with the appropriate risk analyses, state policy and achieving the desired level
of risk mitigation. The proposed reductions would deprive customers of a key risk-reduction tool, so SCE is
advocating strongly for a balanced final decision. We believe additional CPUC-authorized funding for SCE's
covered conductor deployment is warranted to protect customers' and communities' vital interests and
achieve the same objective for minimizing wildfire risk.

As noted in prior discussions, SCE has prioritized covered conductor and other wildfire mitigation activities
to urgently reduce wildfire risk. A scorecard of SCE's wildfire mitigation plan progress is on Page 4 of the
deck. We believe that through the execution of the WMP and other efforts, SCE has made meaningful
progress in reducing the risk that utility equipment will spark a catastrophic wildfire. Page 5 provides a few
proof points of how SCE believes it has reduced wildfire risk for its customers.

First, circuits with covered conductor have experienced 69% fewer faults than those without, which
demonstrates the efficacy of this tool. In fact, on segments where we have covered the bare wire, there
has not been a single CPUC-reportable ignition from contact with objects or wire-to-wire contact.

Second, where SCE has expanded vegetation clearance distances and removed trees that could fall into its
lines, there have been 50% fewer tree or vegetation-caused faults than the historic average.

Lastly, since SCE began its high fire risk inspection program in 2019, it has found 66% fewer conditions
requiring remediation on the same structures year-over-year. These serve as observable data points of the
substantial risk reduction from SCE's wildfire mitigation activities.

The utility will use the tools at its disposal to mitigate wildfire risk. This includes deploying covered
conductor at a level informed by the final decision augmented by using Public Safety Power Shutoffs, or
PSPS, to achieve the risk reduction originally contemplated for the benefit of customers.

The PD also included comments on the topic of affordability. We agree that affordability is always
important and must be weighed against the long-term investments in public safety. I will highlight that
SCE's rates have generally tracked local inflation over the last 30 years and have risen the least since
2009 relative to the other major California IOUs. Currently, SCE's system average rate is about 17%
lower than PG&E's and 34% lower than SDG&E's, reflecting the emphasis SCE has placed on operational
excellence over the years. While we recognize that the increases in the next few years tied to the
investments in safety for the communities SCE serves are higher than this historical average, SCE has
demonstrated its ability to manage rate increases to the benefit of customers. Underfunding prudent
mitigations like covered conductor would be penny wise and pound foolish, as it may ultimately lead to
even greater economic pain and even loss of life for communities impacted by wildfires that could have
been prevented.

An active wildfire season is under way right now, and I would like to emphasize SCE's substantial progress
in executing its WMP. Through the first half of the year, SCE completed over 190,000 high fire risk-
informed inspections of its transmission and distribution equipment, achieving over 100% of its full year
target. The utility also continues to deploy covered conductor in the highest risk areas. Year-to-date, SCE
installed over 540 circuit miles of covered conductor in high fire risk areas. For the full year, SCE expects
to cover at least another 460 miles for a total of 1,000 miles deployed in 2021, consistent with its WMP
goal.

Additionally, SCE is executing its PSPS action plan to further reduce the risk of utility equipment igniting
wildfires and to minimize the effects on customers. SCE is on target to complete its expedited grid
hardening efforts on frequently impacted circuits and expects to reduce customer minutes of interruption
by 78%, while not increasing risks, assuming the same weather conditions as last year. To support the
most vulnerable customers living in high fire risk areas when a PSPS is called, the utility has distributed
over 4,000 batteries for backup power through its Critical Care Backup Battery program.

We believe California is also better prepared to combat this wildfire season. The legislature has continued
to allocate substantial funding to support wildfire prevention and additional firefighting resources.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Just last week, the state announced that CAL FIRE has secured 12 additional firefighting aircraft for
exclusive use in its state-wide response efforts, augmenting the largest civil aerial firefighting fleet in
the world. SCE is also supporting the readiness and response efforts of local fire agencies. In June, SCE
contributed $18 million to lease 3 fire-suppression helicopters. This includes 2 CH-47 helitankers, the
world's largest fire-suppression helicopters; and a Sikorsky-61 helitanker. All 3 aircraft have unique water
and fire-retardant-dropping capabilities and can fly day and night. In addition, a Sikorsky-76 command-
and-control helicopter, along with ground-based equipment to support rapid retardant refills and drops,
will be available to assist with wildfires. The helitankers and command-and-control helicopter will be
strategically stationed across SCE's service area and made available to various jurisdictions through
existing partnerships and coordination agreements between the agencies through the end of the year.

We also appreciate the strong efforts by President Biden, Energy Secretary Granholm and the broader
administration. I was pleased to join the President, Vice President, cabinet members and Western
Governors, including Governor Newsom, for a virtual working session on Western wildfire preparedness
last month. The group highlighted key areas for continued partnership among the federal government,
states and utilities including land and vegetation management, deploying technologies from DOE's national
labs and other federal entities and enabling response and recovery.

Let me conclude my comments on SCE's wildfire preparations for this year by pointing out a resource
we made available for investors. We recently posted a video to our Investor Relations website featuring
SCE subject matter experts discussing the utility's operational and infrastructure mitigation efforts and an
overview of state actions to meet California's 2021 drought and wildfire risk. So please go check it out.

Investing to make the grid resilient to climate change-driven wildfires is a critical component of our
strategy, and it's just one element of our ESG performance. Our recently published sustainability report
details the progress and long-term goals related to the clean energy transition and electrification. In 2020,
approximately 43% of the electricity SCE delivered to customers came from carbon-free resources, and
the company remains well positioned to achieve its goal to deliver 100% carbon-free power by 2045.

SCE doubled its energy storage capacity during this year and continues to maintain one of the largest
storage portfolios in the nation. We have been engaged in federal discussions on potential clean energy
provisions and continue to support policies aligned with SCE's Pathway 2045 target of 80% carbon-free
electricity by 2030. However, the electric affordability and reliability have to be top of mind as we push to
decarbonize the economy through electrification. The dollars needed to eliminate the last molecule of CO2
from power generation will have a much bigger impact when spent instead on an electric vehicle or a heat
pump. For example, the utility is spending over $800 million to accelerate vehicle electrification across
its service area, and that's a key component to achieve an economy-wide net 0 goal most affordably.
Recently, SCE opened its Charge Ready 2 program for customer enrollment. This program is going to
support 38,000 new electric car chargers over the next 5 years, with an emphasis on locations with limited
access to at-home charging options and disadvantaged communities.

We are really proud that Edison's leadership in transportation and electrification was recently recognized
by our peers with EEI's Edison Award. That's our industry's highest honor. SCE has been able to execute
on these objectives while maintaining the lowest system average rate among California's investor-owned
utilities and monthly residential customer bills that are below the national average.

As we grow our business for the clean energy future, we are also adapting our infrastructure in our
operations to a new climate reality. We're striving for best-in-class operations, and importantly, we are
aiming to deliver superior value to our customers and to our investors.

With that, let me turn it over to Maria for her financial report.

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Pedro, and good afternoon, everyone. My comments today will cover second quarter 2021
results, comments on the proposed decision in SCE's General Rate Case, our capital expenditure and rate
base forecast and updates on other financial topics.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Edison International reported core earnings of $0.94 per share for the second quarter of 2021, a decrease
of $0.06 per share from the same period last year. As Pedro noted earlier, this year-over-year comparison
is not meaningful because SCE has not received a final decision in its 2021 General Rate Case and
continues to recognize revenue from CPUC activities based on 2020 authorized levels. We will account for
the 2021 GRC track 1 final decision in the quarter SCE receives it.

On Page 7, you can see SCE's key second quarter EPS drivers on the right-hand side. I'll highlight the
primary contributors to the variance.

To begin, revenue was higher by $0.10 per share. CPUC-related revenue contributed $0.06 to this
variance. However, this was offset by balancing account expenses. FERC-related revenue contributed
$0.04 to the variance, driven by higher rate base and a true-up associated with filings SCE's annual
formula rate update.

O&M had a positive variance of $0.11, and 2 items account for the bulk of this variance. First, cost
recovery activities, which have no effect on earnings, were $0.05. This variance is largely due to costs
recognized last year following the approval of cost tracked in a memo account. Second, lower wildfire
mitigation-related O&M drove a $0.02 positive variance, primarily because fewer remediations were
identified through the inspection process. This continues the trend we observed in the first quarter. Over
the past few years, SCE has accelerated and enhanced its approach to risk-informed inspections of its
assets. Inspections continue to be one of the important measures for reducing the probability of ignitions.
For the first half of the year, while we have maintained the pace of inspections and met our annual target,
we have observed fewer findings of equipment requiring remediation. Lastly, depreciation and property
taxes had a combined negative variance of $0.10, driven by higher asset base resulting from SCE's
continued execution of its capital plan.

As Pedro mentioned earlier, SCE received a proposed decision on track 1 of its 2021 General Rate Case
on July 9. If adopted, the PD would result in base rate revenue requirements of $6.9 billion in 2021,
$7.2 billion in 2022 and $7.6 billion in 2023. This is lower than SCE's request primarily related to lower
authorized expenses for wildfire insurance premiums, vegetation management, employee benefits and
depreciation.

For wildfire insurance, the PD would allow SCE to track premiums above authorized in a memo account for
future recovery applications. The PD would also approve the vegetation management balancing account
for costs above authorized. In its opening comments, SCE will address the PD's procedural error that
resulted in the exclusion of increased vegetation management labor costs, driven by updated wage rates.
Vegetation management costs that exceeded defined cap, including these higher labor costs, would be
deferred to the vegetation management balancing account. The earliest the commission can vote on the
proposed decision is at its August 19 voting meeting. Consistent with our past practice, we will provide
2021 EPS guidance a few weeks after receiving a final decision.

I would also like to comment on SCE's capital expenditure and rate base growth forecast. As shown on
Page 8, over the Track 1 period of 2021 through 2023, rate base growth would be approximately 7%
based on SCE's request and approximately 6% based on the proposed decision. In the absence of the
2021 GRC final decision, SCE continues to execute a capital plan for 2021 that would result in spending
in the range of $5.4 billion to $5.5 billion. SCE will adjust spending for what is ultimately authorized in
the 2021 GRC final decision while minimizing the risk of disallowed spending. We have updated our 2021
through 2023 rate base forecast to include the Customer Service Replatform Project. SCE filed a cost
recovery application for the project last week. I will note that this rate base forecast does not include
capital spending for fire restoration related to wildfires affecting SCE's facilities and equipment in late
2020. This could add approximately $350 million to rate base by 2023.

Page 9 provides a summary of the approved and pending cost recovery applications for incremental
wildfire-related costs. SCE recently received a proposed decision in the CEMA proceeding for drought
and 2017 fire-related costs. The PD would authorize recovery of $81 million of the requested revenue.
As you can see on Page 10, during the quarter, SCE requested a financing order that would allow us to
issue up to $1 billion of recovery bonds to securitize the costs authorized in GRC track 2, 2020 residential

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

uncollectibles and additional AB 1054 capital authorized in GRC track 1. SCE expects a final decision on
the financing order in the fourth quarter.

Turning to Page 11. SCE continues to make solid progress settling the remaining individual plaintiff claims
arising from the 2017 and 2018 wildfire and mudslide events. During the second quarter, SCE resolved
approximately $560 million of individual plaintiff claims. That leaves about $1.4 billion of claims to be
resolved or less than 23% of the best estimate of total losses.

Turning to Page 12. Let me conclude by building on Pedro's earlier comments on sustainability. I will
emphasize the strong alignment between the strategy and drivers of EIX' business and the clean energy
transition that is under way. In June, we published our sustainable financing framework outlining our
intention to continue aligning capital raising activities with sustainability principles. We have identified
several eligible project categories, both green and social, which capture a sizable portion of our capital
plan, including T&D infrastructure for the interconnection and delivery of renewable generation using our
grid, our EV charging infrastructure programs, grid modernization and grid resiliency investments. Shortly
after publishing the framework, SCE issued $900 million of sustainability bonds that will be allocated to
eligible projects and reported on next year.

Our commitment to sustainability is core to the company's values and a key element of our stakeholder
engagement efforts. Importantly, our approach to sustainability drives the large capital investment plan
that needs to be implemented to address the impacts of climate change and to serve our customers safely,
reliably and affordably.

That concludes my remarks.

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director
Terri, could you please open the call for questions? [Operator Instructions]

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I wanted to start off here with undergrounding. How helpful could undergrounding be in your service
territory? Is this an option you'd explore? And how does the covered conductor pushback kind of inform
your thought process here?

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Happy to pick up on that one, Jeremy. So I think as you've seen us say in the past, we are looking
at all the tools in the toolbox. Given our terrain and the fact that the really predominant -- one of the
predominant forms of ignition in the past has been from contacts with foreign objects. We find that
covered conductor has really provided the optimal tool for reducing risk while maintaining affordability
for customers. And so we see that covered conductor has something like 70% of the risk reduction that
undergrounding has. The cost difference in the numbers we've seen to date, obviously, the team continues
to keep track of what's going on and talking with our peers and talking with experts about potential
improvements. But I think the latest numbers we've seen are that covered conductor cost us something
like $456,000 a mile whereas underground, on average, in our territory, it will cost you about $3.4 million
a mile.

We have seen some spot applications, and in fact, there's about 17 miles that we targeted to underground
between this year and next year. And we'll continue to look at the tool in the toolbox, but at least with our
territory, with our incidence of historical ignitions, we believe that covered conductor provides a -- really
an optimal tool in terms of both risk reduction and affordability.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. Maybe just kind of shifting gears here a bit, if you could speak more to the policy
implications from the PD and how you see intervenors positioned here on these policies versus just pure
cost considerations here.

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'll give you some thoughts. Maria may have more, and Kevin Payne is here as well if we miss
anything. Look, there'll be 2 thoughts that come right away to mind. First is GRCs are litigated
proceedings, right? And so you always have at least 2 sites -- actually multiple sites with multiple
intervenors. You have some intervenors that are more focused on purely the affordability side of things.
I think as the utility, we're really working hard to provide well-supported testimony and analysis that is
looking at finding the right balance, right?

We're balancing -- first of all, having a reliable system -- actually above all, having a safe system that
needs to be inviolate. But you really see trade-offs between reliability and affordability, right? You
could always spend more to get an extra percentage point in reliability, but at some point, it becomes
unaffordable for the customer. So it's how do you find the right balance.

I think as you heard me say in the prepared remarks already, the -- really the largest issue here -- it's not
the only but the largest issue has been the position that TURN took in terms of the risk reduction provided
by covered conductor and how many miles are enough. And we just have a fundamental difference in view
in terms of the policy argument that they're making.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

We are facing a significant wildfire risk across the state. We've seen it in our area. We strongly believe
that the wildfire mitigation plans that we prepared really help address that risk. And you saw the data that
we shared in the deck and that I mentioned in my remarks around some of these early returns that we're
experiencing with significant decreases in some of the risks that we had just 3 years ago, right?

So I cited the figures on reduction in faults, and frankly, no CPUC-reportable ignitions yet on miles that
we've covered, where we used to have bare wire. So the fundamental policy debate here is the -- TURN
has what we think of some flawed math about stopping at 2,700 miles. And we believe that the plan we've
laid out that will go to over 6,000 miles, covering about 60% of the 10,000 miles in high fire risk areas,
provides that kind of risk protection that our customers need. That's consistent with the emphasis the
state has on fire mitigation, fire suppression.

So affordability is always really important. But one final point I'll give you is one that Kevin Payne made
really well during the oral argument. Affordability is not just about the bill that you get tomorrow.
Affordability is about the entire economic equation. And if we allow unmitigated wildfire risk to persist
and a fire takes place that could have been prevented, that's a much bigger affordability shock for that
community in the long run, in addition to the health and safety impact that it can have.

So we think we've got it right in terms of the policy trade-offs, and we hope that the 5 commissioners will
agree with that in the final decision.

Maria, if you have anything to add there? Or did I cover it?

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

No, I think from a policy perspective, Pedro, that really is the biggest discussion we want to have with the
commission and with the intervenors. It's around covered conductor and the affordability and risk trade-off
that you just described. There are some other things - when we file our comments later today, there will
be some other things that outlined some of them on one of the slides in the deck today. Those are things
that certainly we think we should be treated equally as other utilities or in line with precedent. But I think
the big discussion, as you can probably tell from the oral argument, was really around and is really around
covered conductor and the efficacy of that and the proof points also that we've seen as Pedro mentioned.

Operator

And our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport.

Agnieszka Anna Storozynski
Seaport Research Partners

Okay. I have 2 questions. The first one, given what happened with the bond yields and the cost of capital
having the bond yield driven true-up, what do we expect here for -- I mean, obviously, it all depends on
what happens with the interest rates between now and October. But should we expect some filings from
you guys trying to preempt this lowering of the ROE, which would be implied from current bond yields?

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

So Angie, I think the average bond yield has to be in that dead band. Right now, if you look at sort of
the amount of time remaining until the measurement period is over, yields would have to average just
over 4% to kind of make the whole year average within the dead band. So what happens, the end of the
measurement period is the end of September.

We all know that the PTC has taken positions on prior requests to either extend and defer changes on the
cost of capital for others. And we also know from our experience back in 2017 that they really prefer to
see litigated cases, and we're preparing testimony that's going to focus on the differentiated role and the
risks that California IOUs have and that notwithstanding these lower interest rates, that's really driven by
these extraordinary events over the past 18 months in all of the government programs that have been
implemented to alleviate the impact of the pandemic. But that should not really imply that a change in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

the ROE is necessary. And I think that the changes in the volatility certainly underscore that. And I think
regardless of what happens, we have to file next spring for another cost of capital proceeding. So those
are the sorts of things that we are thinking about.

I think since that basic issue, we really need to demonstrate that notwithstanding the interest rate
environment, the cost of equity is, in fact, lower. We'll continue to look at everything that's going on,
options on how to best get that point across to the commission, to the intervenors and also to really
underscore the point that financially stable IOUs and California IOUs that are attractive to investors
ultimately support customer affordability in the long run, too. So I think we're just going to continue to
monitor the situation. We're preparing testimony already, and we'll go from there.

Agnieszka Anna Storozynski
Seaport Research Partners

Okay. And my second question is on your financing needs this year. You continue to settle more wildfire
claims. You haven't yet issued enough equity to meet your guidance for this year. So are we waiting for
the final decision and the GRC? Is it that there is some movement in the total number that you might need
given, again, ongoing settlement of claims?

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

Certainly, I'll kind of bifurcate that into a couple of different parts, if you don't mind. So I'll just kind of go
back to sort of where I always like to start with this. Our financing plan is really built from the perspective
of maintaining investment-grade ratings, and back when we moved to a best estimate for the wildfire
liability last year, we said we would issue approximately $1 billion of equity to support the ratings and then
that would allow SCE to continue to issue debt to fund the wildfire claims payment. And since then, we've
been evaluating our needs, and we focused on different financing options. And back in March, we issued
the $1.25 billion of pref and that had the 50% equity content.

We've also said in the past that we do think we have flexibility regarding the timing. And so we're
continuing to have that belief that we can be flexible in terms of timing. And we're continuing to monitor
market conditions, and that's going to inform our next steps. We're going to continue to consider, and
I think we've talked about this a little bit before, the tools that we would use. So continue to consider
preferred equity, internal programs and then, if needed, the ATM. Now that's that piece associated with
sort of the ongoing discussion around the wildfire claims and the liabilities in '17 and '18.

Separately, we've also talked about the need on an ongoing basis what we think is a minimal equity
requirement. That piece of it, that ongoing minimal equity need associated with the core business, is one
that we will provide more specificity around once we get the final decision. So that piece does kind of tie
back to the final decision.

Operator

And our next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim.

Constantine Lednev
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

It's actually Constantine here for Shar. I just wanted to kind of follow up a little bit on the PD and kind of
the views that it takes on wildfire insurance, covered conductors and such. And does that change your
approach to procuring wildfire insurance? And are you comfortable with the level of insurance that you
have? And would you anticipate that costs would come down as kind of more areas are converted to
covered conductor?

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

Actually, Maria, I'll pick up that last part first, and then turn the first part to you. We would expect --
certainly hope that over time, as the risk envelope continues to be narrowed in the state, right, and it's

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

not just a utility work but what the state is doing in terms of fire suppression, further constraining the
overall risk envelope. We certainly hope that over time, that translates into insurers seeing that the risks
they're insuring is not as large as it used to be, and that should reflect itself in premiums. But of course,
the market's the market, so we'll see how that progresses on its own.

Maria, let me turn it over to you for the first part.

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So Constantine, you know that our policy year is July 1 through June 30, so we just started a new
policy year. In terms of the PD, the original request in the PD when we file the application rates were
increasing by big percentages year-over-year, and our request had something like a $600 million wildfire
insurance premium embedded in it.

What came out in the PD is that, one, very importantly, they reiterated that wildfire insurance premiums
are a cost of service, so customers will pay for that as part of their rate. They approved a number or an
authorized revenue of about $460 million, which is actually, as it turns out, sufficient or at least if we were
to look at the balance of this year and then the beginning part of the year, which was the last policy year,
that is comparable or at least a little bit more than what the premiums are.

We expect the expense for this year to be about $425 million for about -- for $1 billion gross of insurance,
but net, once you deduct out the self-insured retention and a little bit of coinsurance, is about $875 million
of wildfire insurance, which is consistent once you get right through to it with what's required under AB
1054. So from that perspective, good policy points on cost of service aligned with, at least for this year,
what premiums would be.

The third piece of it is that they also reiterated that to the extent premiums go up in the future, we can
use that memo account feature that we have used in the past and successfully recovered premiums under
in the future as well. So that's all good.

The one piece of conversation that we will continue to have with them is whether or not it is better to
actually collect a little bit more from customers, not just the amount of the wildfire insurance premium but
also collect a little bit for customer-funded health insurance, which may over time be more economical for
customers since, to the extent you don't have a loss, you keep it and roll it over to the next year, which is
different than what you do with the premium.

Constantine Lednev
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Excellent. That makes a lot of sense. And just shifting a little bit to the wildfire -- to the legacy wildfire
loss estimates. I guess, can you qualify the level of comfort that the estimates will not change? And is the
best estimate at this point pretty much derisked now that you have all the settlements in place and kind of
the remaining $1.4 billion of the kind of loss estimate is just kind of progressing towards completion? Do
you kind of have any estimates on the duration of kind of settlement -- the settlement processes or any
qualitative statements around that?

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

Probably a statement that sounds a lot like what we said before. Even though the number more -- even
though more claims have been settled, it's still very dynamic. Every claim is different and has to be
addressed differently. We continue to monitor the situation, obviously. It's one of the biggest areas of
management judgment. And we sit down and have that conversation every quarter to be sure that we're
reflecting the things that we know in the reserve. But I would say there's still an error band around that,
and we'll have to address that as time passes.

Constantine Lednev
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

And I guess just as a point, is it fair to assume that since the estimate hasn't moved in a while that it's
been kind of close to your -- the settlements that have been coming through are kind of close to your best
estimate?

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean as Maria said, we -- Constantine, we look at this every quarter, recognize that we still have
several thousand plaintiffs. These are typically smaller than the large settlements we did earlier on, for
example, for the [ subros ].

So such a wide diversity of cases and plaintiffs, everything from homeowners to smaller businesses, to
avocado growers, to just a whole broad range. So that's why we'll continue to test that every quarter and
keep you posted if there's any changes. But it's difficult for us and probably not appropriate for us to try
and give some perspective on the probability of changes. I think under the accounting rules, we provide
you what our current best estimate is. And that, as you say, has not changed.

Operator

And our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

A little bit of a high-level one, which is if you think about things that are not in the GRC and track 1
through 4 but might be upside over the next 3 to 4 years to your potential capital spend level, can
you highlight what those may be and which ones you've actually already filed for but you don't have
approval for yet and which ones you haven't even filed for yet but somewhere embedded within the SCE
organization you've got a team of people who are pencil-to-paper and started to put together numbers?

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

Well, particularly with the pandemic, we're less pencil-to-paper and all electronics. It's all very high tech
now, all virtual. But joking aside, and Maria, maybe you can come in here with details. I'll give you a high-
level answer to your high-level question. It's similar to what you heard from us before, right? What you
see in the rate case, obviously, is very concrete, and we'll see where the final decision comes out. But as
we look forward and we think about the clean energy transition, right, there's a number of things as part
of the transition that will either support our view that we'll continue to have robust investment needs for a
long time or potentially create upside to that.

Areas like -- we -- I talked a little bit in my remarks about Charge Ready. Open question right now as to
whether there will be a further role needed for utilities to continue to support the charging infrastructure
market or whether private entities will be able to step in and do that fully.

Interestingly, I think -- Maria said Commissioner Rechtschaffen, who had a recent commission meeting,
was, I just think, thinking out loud about now there may well be the need to have utilities step in
and do more, just given the scale of the transition. And in particular, as I look at it, it's not just about
getting charging infrastructure to the average customer and making sure that the transition is equitable.
So therefore, making sure there's enough penetration in disadvantaged communities, low-income
communities, where private players might not be as economically enticed to do that and where there
might be a case to socialize more of that to the build. So transportation is certainly one area. Storage is
another.

We know that the -- our GRC request included in there, I think, an assumption of, what's it, 60 megawatts
or so of new storage over the pendency of the rate case period. But as we see the amounts of storage that
will continue to be needed moving forward and the -- certainly the potential for some of that to be part
and parcel of utility operations might make a lot of sense for some portion of that to be in rate case, right?
And so that also creates either support for an overall investment trajectory or potentially even further
upside.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Building electrification is another area where we've seen, frankly, relatively little progress to date
compared to what we think will be needed as we head out -- as we, the state, heads out to 2030 and
2045.

And so right now, the utility team is thinking about are there places where the utility will be able to help
and where it will be economic for our customers to support that rate. Because you need both of those,
right? And so there's some good thinking under way right now around are there potential programs where
we might be able to be helpful to the state's transition.

So that gives you a few examples. Maria, you may have more specific things.

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think maybe in terms of numerical examples because I think there are obviously a lot of
opportunities in the list that Pedro provided. More detail to come as the team, as you say, with the pencil
to paper or virtually the pencil to paper works more on the specifics. But in terms of things that have been
filed already, where the numbers are more explicit, we did recently include in our rate base forecast, so
already in the numbers, but we did recently include our Customer Service Replatform project. So that's
-- that reflects about $500 million or so of rate base by the time you get out to 2023. So that's now
embedded. Application was filed last week.

Also, we did, as you know, experience wildfires in our service territory late last year up in the Big Creek
area. A lot of restoration had to go on there. We haven't yet applied for recovery of that, but that would
be, say, about another $350 million of rate base if approved. I'll say in the year 2023, it's probably a
reasonable time frame.

So those are more specific things, Michael, in addition to what I would view as [ all ] clean energy
transition opportunities that Pedro mentioned.

Operator

And our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research Partners.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

I think you just answered my question, which is that the Customer Replatform is effectively what's driving
the higher range and sort of main rate base forecast versus last quarter. Is that pretty much all of it? Or
was there something else in there?

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

That should be it, Jonathan. I think we haven't changed any -- we've shown you what the PD numbers
are, obviously, but we haven't really changed anything yet until we get the final decision.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

And your sort of confidence in recovery of that, can you just sort of talk to that a little bit, please?

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Well, the Customer Service Replatform project replaces a very, very old system, so it was very
much needed. Some of it was written in software languages that we couldn't even get people to -- who
knew them anymore. So I think from that perspective, very much needed. I think over the course of
the implementation, the team has had ongoing dialogue with energy division and the like to keep them
apprised of what's been happening at the project.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

There have been, over time, some cost increases, obviously, because we had to wrap more into the
project given the complexity of our system. But we think that all the work that we've done really is well
justified, and the testimony that we filed supports that. We're now in stabilization mode. And so we keep
keeping a close eye on just customer satisfaction, ability to answer customers' questions, all of the things
that you would expect to happen when your -- when a new system goes live. But the team is very, very
attuned to that, and we've added extra folks in the stabilization mode as well. So I think we've done all
the things that we should be doing in order to ensure that we can make a good case with the commission.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Okay. And then maybe -- well, I think while you've been speaking, the shelf filing came across. Is that just
a refresh of maybe something expiring? Could you just speak to that?

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, both SCE and EIX, the shelf registrations were expiring. So that's -- this is just normal course. For
EIX, the only thing we did was -- we used to have 2 separate ones. We put them together, so that we
don't have to have -- have the, I'll say, the administrative burden of 2 filings. So very normal course.

Operator

And our next question comes from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Sangita Jain
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Actually, it's Sangita for Sophie. So we did go through the PD and understandably, the covered conductor
is the point of difference here. Would you consider -- let's say, the final decision comes in close to where
the PD is, would you still consider building on your covered conductor program over the plan to seek the
recovery at a future date?

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

I think as Kevin Payne said during the oral argument, we will strongly factor in the guidance from the
CPUC, right? And so ultimately, they will be ruling on a certain risk level -- risk trade-off level as they think
about balancing affordability and risk and safety. We certainly feel strongly about what the right answer
is here, right, which is not the PD. It's more like what we proposed. To the extent that the guidance it
provide us would limit spending, we will use some of the other tools that we have in the toolbox, including
PSPS, much more adequately, right, or as needed in order to make sure that we maintain an appropriate
risk level for our customers.

Operator

And our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

I suppose -- if I can come back to the crux of the conversation around affordability, how do you think
about the different scenarios around what the commission could do here in creating the bill affordability,
right? It seems evident that one needs to try to continue to push as much as possible towards addressing
and mitigating wildfire risk. How do you think about creating bill headroom, whether through OpEx or
effectively shifting out other projects from a CapEx perspective?

I'm just thinking out loud and putting it back to you on sort of the different levers here that might exist to
create that affordability that seems necessary to move forward with the wildfire spending at your proposed
[ pace ].

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Julien, it's a great question. A few reactions right away, and Maria may have more. First, it's what
we've been doing for the last 5, 6, 7, 8 years, right? And you've seen us create a lot of rate headroom in
order to do the work that we needed to do. I commented in my prepared remarks on the way that we've
maintained O&M cost increases and frankly, total system rate -- system average rate increases at around
the level of inflation for the last 3 decades. And I know we've talked with you and with other investors and
analysts significantly about that in the past. We've continued that track record. Obviously, this GRC is a
major departure from that driven in large part by the wildfire-related needs. But we will continue to look
at opportunities to do better cost management, to do more use of technology that can help make our work
more effective, more efficient. That's definitely an ongoing tool. And I don't think on that one you're ever
done, right? Because the reality is the bar keeps going up. The digital tools, the data analytics, all of these
continue to improve and open up new opportunities that I don't think any of us imagined 5 or 10 years
ago. So I'd say that's part 1 of the answer.

Part 2 kind of goes back to some of the discussion in -- for some of the earlier questions. There is a
there's a balance there, right? And it's important that the commission be thinking about affordability
broadly not only in terms of the near-term rate increase but the impacts of that over time, the risk that it
either mitigates or doesn't mitigate the risk it might leave behind on the table that might then increase the
risk of wildfire in the future that would have a much more devastating economic impact on the community,
or the risk that by not spending enough on covered conductor, we might have to continue using PSPS for
a longer period of time in a particular community, which has its own set of impacts, right? I know that the
commission has appropriately been very sensitive to those.

So there is absolutely a balancing act there. It's a tough job the regulator has, a tough job that we
have. But I think we've put together a well-thought-out approach for balancing those risks. So just a few
reactions. Maria, you may have others.

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I guess, Julien, the one thing I would also add to that are maybe 2 things. If we go all the way back
to when we filed our application for this GRC, we actually teed that up for the commission and said we
know we have to balance a lot of different things between what we need to invest for safety and also in
wildfire risk mitigation and then affordability for our customers. So we actually told them that some of our
investments in infrastructure replacement, we would hold on to and not propose for this GRC cycle and
instead take that up again when more of the wildfire mitigation CapEx had been spent.

So I think that balance is one that we always try to strike. And I think it's the conversation with the
commission, and the commission raised it during their own affordability en banc because they recognize
that over the longer term, more electrification is actually going to drive lower cost for customers.

You've seen it in our pathway paper. The commission themselves recognize that electrification will reduce
energy as a customer -- as the share of customer wallet. So we have to focus on the near term with
a view not just on affordability, what's on the bill. As Kevin said in his oral argument, it's the overall
economic proposition that we have to think about with our customers.

And so let's get this done. I think one of the numbers he quoted in his oral arguments was that if we
increase covered conductor to the level that we had in the request, that's really about $2 a month on
the customer bill. I'm not trying to minimize that. I know people are in different situations economically.
But when you think about the alternative, that's really, I think, the most economical choice. And then
that resiliency tees up the system and the customers for the long term when electrification really does
minimize costs.

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Yes. And Maria, let me just pick up one more thing triggered by your comments. Julien, a lot of the focus
right now, certainly in this rate case, is on the affordability trade-off relative to wildfire mitigation. I think
as we move forward over the next decade or 2, to Maria's point, aligned with our Pathway 2045 analysis,
I think we'll see more of the discussion shift to the affordability trade-offs relative to meeting clean energy
targets and decarbonizing the economy. Because it's so important that, frankly, the analytical work we've
done that demonstrates that using clean electricity to electrify a lot of the economy is the cheapest way
for the economy to get to net 0, right?

This will put pressure on the electric bill. I don't think it will be the sort of rate increases year-on-year that
we see in this rate case, right? But we might see excursions to a little bit of local inflation in order to build
out the infrastructure needed to electrify much more of the economy and, therefore, decarbonize, right?

And so frankly, part of our job and the job of future teams at Edison over the next 2 decades will be to
constantly be putting good educational materials out there, good analysis around the world, not just the
cents per kilowatt-hour world but the world in a dollars per ton of GHG removed perspective because
that's just as important a metric as the cents per kilowatt-hour.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. And quick, if I could -- if I can throw one in quick here, just to follow up. How do you think about --
obviously, there's some fairly transparent cost of capital dynamics out there that could put pressure on
numbers. How do you think about offsetting factors? Again, I'm coming back to O&M, thinking about that
as being a lever both in the near term and the long term. How do you think about offsetting some of the
cost of capital with O&M or refinancing opportunities, et cetera? Just trying to reconcile rate base back to
earnings growth here, if you will.

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'll give you one reaction. Maria may have different ones. First -- look, at the end of the day, the
customer sees one bill, right? And so we want to make sure we're pulling on all the levers to provide them
an affordable experience that's also safe and reliable and clean and also to make sure that we have an
appropriate opportunity for our investors to get a return on and off their capital, right?

So kind of stating the blindingly obvious that's important. The other reaction though is that we do have
separate proceedings in California. We think we've seen a lot of value in having a separate rate case
proceeding from a different cost of capital proceeding. And particularly, as we get to a cost of capital filing,
while clearly, I'm sure in the commission's minds, in our minds, we'll all be thinking about the impacts on
customers of various increments.

Cost of capital in California is really constructed around ensuring that there's a fair opportunity for
investors, for shareholders to -- can get that return often on capital in order to make the California
investment an attractive one relative to investments elsewhere in the country and in other marketplaces,
right?

And so particularly as we head into a period over the next decade or 2 where the country as a whole will
see a dramatic need for investment across all sectors of the economy to decarbonize, it's really important
that the regulatory framework in California remain one that is viewed as fair, as stable, as compensatory
to shareholders and to all stakeholders and one where, frankly, cost of service principles are respected,
right?

And so you're seeing a lot of our advocacy focused on making sure that we are constantly coming back to
the central line in terms of what's a fair cost of service and how do we get recovery in that versus what
things -- in what areas should the shareholder bear risk of recovery.

And so that's why I like the idea about fairly pure cost of capital proceeding that's just looking at the math
and the principles of the policy around what a fair return given the unique risks that utilities are asked to
bear in California, given that we are at the leading edge of the clean energy transition.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

So anyway, just a few rambling thoughts there, Julien. Maria, anything you want to clean up or change
there?

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

No. I think you've captured it, Pedro.

Operator

Thank you. And that was our last question. So I will now turn the call back to Mr. Sam Ramraj.

Sam Ramraj
Vice President of Investor Relations
Well, thank you for joining, everyone. This concludes the conference call. And have a good rest of the day
and stay safe. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

