Eli Lilly and Company NYSE:LLY
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 30, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.60

1.89

18.12

1.70

6.84

7.87

Revenue  (mm)

5769.62

5499.40

(4.68 %)

5875.03

23939.48

25792.99

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-30-2020 12:34 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.41

1.52

1.48

1.60

1.48

1.73

1.75

1.89

4.96 %

13.82 %

18.24 %

18.12 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

15

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Anne E. White
Senior VP & President of Lilly
Oncology

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer &
President of Lilly Research Labs

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Joshua L. Smiley
Senior VP & CFO

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Navin Cyriac Jacob
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Seamus Christopher Fernandez
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Michael B. Mason
Senior VP & President of Lilly
Diabetes

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Patrik Jonsson
Senior VP & President of Lilly Bio-
Medicines

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

ANALYSTS

Andrew Simon Baum
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Carter Lewis Gould
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Vamil Kishore Divan
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Lilly Q2 2020 Earnings Call.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.

I will now turn the call over to your host, VP, Investor Relations, Kevin Hern. Please go ahead, sir.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company's Q2 2020 Earnings Call.
I'm Kevin Hern, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are: Dave Ricks, Lilly's
Chairman and CEO; Josh Smiley, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific Officer;
Anne White, President of Lilly Oncology; Patrik Jonsson, President of Lilly Bio-Medicines; and Mike Mason,
President of Lilly Diabetes. We're also joined by Sarah Smith and Mike Czapar of the Investor Relations
team.

During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on
our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including
the extent and duration of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as other factors listed on
Slide 3 and those outlined in our latest forms 10-K, 10-Q and any 8-Ks filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit
of the investment community. It is not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing
decisions.

As we transition to our prepared remarks, a reminder that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP
financial measures, which exclude the financial contribution from Elanco during 2019 and present earnings
per share as though the full disposition via the exchange offer was complete on January 1, 2019.

Now I'll turn the call over to Dave for some opening comments.

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Kevin. A lot has changed in the world since our last earnings call. Science has continued to
advance our understanding of COVID-19, and efforts across the industry to develop treatments and
vaccines are progressing rapidly. While some regions and countries have begun to reopen, COVID-19
cases and deaths are climbing in other places. Despite these challenges, Lilly continues to demonstrate
resilience and resourcefulness to progress our mission of making medicines for the millions of patients we
serve. I've never been more proud of the company and my 35,000 teammates.

This past quarter was unlike any other during my tenure as CEO, concurrently combating social, economic
and public health crises. Economic uncertainty remains as high unemployment persists in many countries.
As expected, our business experienced headwinds this quarter with patients unable to see doctors or
access health care during periods when the economies were shut down to prevent the spread of COVID-19
and by the dwindling -- or the -- and by the unwinding of forward buying into Q1 that occurred. Overall,
our year-to-date results are strong and indicate -- indicative of the underlying trends.

I'm proud of Lilly's efforts to ensure patients have access to their medicines, to find creative ways
to ensure we advance critical research and to advance our ongoing efforts to develop treatments for
COVID-19. We continue to staff our manufacturing facilities around the globe with essential personnel to
ensure there are no disruptions in the supply of medicine. And in recent weeks, we resumed activity in the
majority of our clinical trials, where enrollment had been paused.

We're resuming in-person promotional activities when it's safe on a country-by-country and on a state-by-
state basis in the U.S. And we will continue to use these virtual engagement tools we've built to augment

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

in-person promotional activities. Throughout Q2, we saw a steady increase in customer contacts and
medical education touch points as we leveraged new platforms to reach physicians. We continue to see
increase in interest and volume of virtual interactions from physicians and expect a hybrid model of in-
person and remote engagement for some time in the U.S. as well as internationally.

We also made good progress this quarter executing our R&D strategy, launching 2 new medicines in the
U.S., including Retevmo, the first therapy ever approved for patients with RET-driven lung and thyroid
cancers; and Lyumjev, a fast-acting mealtime insulin for patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Taltz
in nonradiographic axSpA; Cyramza in combination with erlotinib for EGFR-mutated non-small cell lung
cancer; and Tauvid, our new diagnostic for patients with Alzheimer's disease, were also approved in the
U.S.

Several positive Phase III readouts this quarter include Verzenio in adjuvant breast cancer, now the first
and the only CDK4/6 inhibitor to succeed in this population; mirikizumab in psoriasis compared to both
placebo and head-to-head versus Cosentyx; and just today, in collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim,
Jardiance in heart failure patients with reduced injection fraction both with and without diabetes.

We also continue to make progress on our potential COVID-19 therapies, notably the initiation of multiple
clinical trials developing neutralizing antibodies both as monotherapy and in combination. Dan will provide
you with more detail during the R&D update. The unprecedented pace at which we're executing this
project across our development and manufacturing organizations is evidence of what we are capable as an
innovative company.

As I mentioned earlier, our Q2 business results were negatively impacted by COVID-19. However, we
remain confident in the underlying fundamentals of our business. COVID-19 had a meaningful impact on
economic activity. And we observed the following trends in the U.S.: a sharp decline in the number of
patient visits to physicians dropping to roughly 50% of pre-COVID-19 levels; reduced visits translated into
fewer new prescriptions with the peak impact in late April and early May in most therapeutic classes; a
slow return to health care activity through a combination of telehealth and in-person visits as IQVIA data
showed patient visits were back to 85% of pre-COVID-19 levels in June; and new prescriptions slowly
beginning to recover, although some variation across therapeutic areas. While the outlook for economic
activity is uncertain, we remain optimistic that patients, physicians and hospital systems will continue to
find ways to ensure patients can access the medicines they need.

Turning to our Q2 results. As expected, reduced patient visits and inventory dynamics were both a drag on
otherwise solid total prescription trends. Revenue declined 2% compared to Q2 2019. And we estimated
revenue was negatively impacted by the reversal of largely all of the $250 million of stocking related to
COVID-19 that we experienced in Q1. While most existing prescriptions were maintained, new patient
prescriptions declined in Q2 relative to pre-COVID-19 baselines. We estimate this impact to have been
about $250 million across the portfolio. Taking into account current trends, we are on track to deliver
the financial goals we established for 2020. The strength of our new products, our ability to scale them
worldwide and our productivity agenda position us well to continue to deliver robust business performance
and to create shareholder value.

Moving to Slide 5. You'll see the full list of key events since our last earnings call. Before Josh discusses
our financial results, just a few comments about the executive orders that were announced last Friday. We
all share the goal of making medicines more affordable and accessible to patients and believe concepts,
such as rebate reform and the sharing of savings within the eligible 340B patient population, offer real
opportunities to lower the out-of-pocket cost for patients quickly.

However, as I've noted before, the concept of international price indexing is a bad policy. This policy will
have almost no benefit to patient out-of-pocket costs, but together with reimportation will most assuredly
have serious negative consequences for patients, for the safety of our supply chain and for the future
of innovation. So now is the wrong time to introduce sweeping government actions that will at best
distract and at worst cripple the same industry that's racing to discover vaccines and treatments to defeat
COVID-19.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Now I'll turn the call over to Josh to review our Q2 results in more detail and provide an update on our
financial guidance for 2020.

Joshua L. Smiley
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Moving to Slide 6 and 7. Our non-GAAP financial performance
in Q2 and during the first half of 2020 was impacted by COVID-19 across many lines of the income
statement. As Dave mentioned, revenue declined 2% this quarter compared to Q2 2019 and was
negatively impacted by COVID-19 in 2 ways.

First, largely all of the $250 million of COVID-related stocking in Q1 reversed as excess supply in the
channel and in medicine cabinets was consumed and Q2 closing inventory returned to historically normal
levels. Second, reduced patient visits due to COVID-19 resulted in lower new prescriptions across many
of our brands, which we estimate had a negative impact on Q2 revenue of approximately $250 million as
well. We estimate this impact to be a temporary step-down in market size, which we expect will return to
pre-COVID levels over the balance of the year with the pace of recovery varying by therapeutic area.

Given the stocking and destocking seen between quarters, our first half performance of 7% sales growth
in constant currency is a more accurate reflection of underlying performance. Gross margin as a percent of
revenue in Q2 was 79.6%, a decline of 140 basis points versus Q2 2019, driven primarily by the negative
impact of price, which I'll describe in more detail in a moment.

Moving down the P&L. Selling, general and administrative expenses declined 9% this quarter compared to
Q2 2019 as reduced marketing and travel and meeting expenses were only partially offset by investments
in virtual tactics. Research and development expenses declined 1% as the pause in clinical trials have
shifted activity and expenses to the second half of 2020. In total, operating income decreased 2%
compared to Q2 2019.

During the first half -- sorry, I'm just having a technical issue here.

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Just take this one. We just had a system problem.

Joshua L. Smiley
Senior VP & CFO

So in total, operating income decreased 2% compared to Q2 2019. During the first half of 2020, operating
income increased by 14% as revenue growth outpaced operating expense growth by 500 basis points.
Operating income as a percent of revenue was 28% during the second quarter and 29.1% for the first
half of 2020. We continue to adapt the way we allocate resources to efficiently operate in an environment
where the threat of COVID-19 is likely to be disruptive for a sustained period of time. We're expanding our
virtual capabilities to support executing our strategy and are committed to our 2020 full year operating
margin target of 31%.

Other income and expense was income of $447 million this quarter compared to an expense of $32 million
in Q2 2019. This quarter's other income was primarily driven by the increase in value of investments in
Asian biopharma companies as well as previously private companies that went public here in the U.S. We
have investments across a range of private and public biopharma companies as a part of our external
innovation strategy. And these investments allow us to nurture emerging science and access potential new
medicines and novel modalities. As we regularly highlight, this line item can be volatile as public market
valuations fluctuate.

Our tax rate was 13.4%, an increase of 340 basis points compared with the same quarter last year, driven
by the mix of earnings in higher tax jurisdictions and a lower net discrete tax benefit than last year. At
the bottom line, earnings per share increased 26% in Q2 as the sizable gain on public equities more than
offset the decline in operating income. During the first half of 2020, earnings per share increased 29%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

On Slide 8, we quantify the effect of price, rate and volume on revenue. Worldwide revenue declined 2%
during Q2 as volume growth of 6% was offset by price. Foreign exchange had an additional 1% negative
impact on revenue growth. During the first half of 2020, revenue grew 7% in constant currency as volume
grew 13% and price declined 7% or 5% excluding the impact Alimta and Tyvyt had in China.

U.S. revenue declined 3% compared to the second quarter of 2019. Volume growth of 4% was led by
Trulicity, Taltz, Emgality and Verzenio. As mentioned earlier, we saw destocking at the wholesaler and
patient level due to COVID-19 that contributed approximately $200 million of negative impact during the
quarter. In addition, we estimate reduced new prescriptions due to COVID-19 negatively impacted Q2
revenue by approximately $150 million.

Pricing was an 8% drag on U.S. revenue growth this quarter, impacted by predominantly changes to
estimates for rebates and discounts, most notably impacting Humalog, which was driven primarily by
favorable Medicaid adjustments in the prior period and unfavorable commercial adjustments in the current
period; then to a lesser extent, by higher growth across the portfolio in lower net price segments and
increased rebates to maintain our strong commercial access, which was partially offset by reduced co-pay
program utilization for Emgality and Taltz as a function of improved access versus last year.

As we've previously discussed, our quarterly pricing trends in the U.S. fluctuate based on delayed invoicing
from customers, seasonality of co-pay assistance and our obligations during the coverage gap in Medicare
Part D. Excluding the impact of the onetime Humalog adjustment and focusing on trends that impact our
business going forward, we saw an underlying pricing trend of low single-digit decline in Q2 versus Q2
2019. And this is consistent with our current expectation of mid-single-digit price decline for the year with
the underlying low single-digit net price decline combined with onetime adjustments in the first half of
2020 and modest effects of COVID-19 in the second half of the year.

During the first half of 2020, U.S. revenue increased 5% versus last year, volume grew 11% and price
declined 6%. We are encouraged by the improving demand trends in recent weeks and more normalized
shipping trends. As we conclude 2021 U.S. contracting negotiations, we remain confident in our strong
commercial and Medicare Part D access across the portfolio and our ability to maintain this going forward.

Moving on to Europe. Revenue declined 4% in constant currency as price and volume declined by 2%
each. Strong volume growth from Trulicity, Verzenio and Taltz was offset by volume declines from Cialis,
Forteo, Alimta, Strattera and Humalog. We estimate European revenue was reduced by approximately $50
million due to COVID-19-related destocking in Q2 and roughly $35 million due to COVID-19-related lower
new prescriptions. Despite fluctuation across quarters, the underlying trends are very strong as Europe
posted volume growth of 11% during the first half of 2020 as our new products continue to scale.

In Japan, revenue declined by less than 1% in constant currency as 4% volume growth was more than
offset by government-mandated price decreases effective April 2020. In addition, we estimate reduced
new prescriptions due to COVID-19 negatively impacted Q2 revenue by approximately $35 million. The
solid volume growth in Verzenio, Trulicity, Olumiant and Cyramza were the key contributors to growth,
partially offset by the increased competition for Forteo and the impact of generic Straterra.

In China, revenue grew 8% in constant currency driven by 50% volume growth, largely offset by price.
Volume and price were both affected by the inclusion of Tyvyt and Alimta in government-sponsored
programs, which substantially increased access for patients to these important cancer medications.
Outside of the oncology portfolio in China, we saw a rebound in new patient initiations and in-person
customer interactions as the pandemic's impact began to moderate. Our newest launches, Trulicity, Taltz
and Olumiant, are seeing good uptake. And Humalog, Cialis and Cymbalta are again exhibiting solid
growth.

Revenue in the rest of the world increased 7% in constant currency, driven by increased volume from our
key growth drivers. Strong performance from Trulicity, Jardiance, Taltz and Verzenio was partially offset by
decreased Cialis volume. Revenue was negatively impacted by COVID-related reduced new prescriptions
by approximately $25 million, which was more than offset by the sale of a legacy product in Asia.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

As shown on Slide 9, our key growth products continue to drive impressive worldwide volume growth.
These new medicines delivered over 12 percentage points of volume growth this quarter. The strong
volume growth -- volume trend in our key products was partially offset by a mix of competition and
lower utilization of post-LOE products, Forteo and Cialis, as well as reduced Tradjenta royalties from the
restructuring of our alliance with Boehringer Ingelheim that we announced last year. We exit the first half
of 2020 pleased with the 16% year-to-date volume growth that our key products have delivered despite a
challenging environment.

Slide 10 highlights the contributions of our key growth products. In total, these brands generated
nearly $3 billion in revenue this quarter, making up 54% of revenue. While 12% volume growth from
key products in Q2 is robust, the negative impact on new patient starts from COVID-19 pandemic and
COVID-19-related inventory movements across quarters were a drag on growth in the quarter. We expect
both of these impacts to be transient, and we are seeing new-to-brand prescriptions recover in June
and July. The underlying business is robust. And while COVID-19 has impacted our therapeutic areas
differently, our product-specific trends within the market backdrop are strong.

In diabetes, Trulicity remains the market leader in the U.S. GLP-1 market with over 45% share of total
prescriptions. While new-to-brand prescriptions for the GLP-1 class were 32% less than pre-COVID-19
levels at one point during Q2, activity is trending in the right direction and now sits at around negative
16% for the week ending July 17. Total prescription trends have slowed some but were still robust through
the class and grew by 27% in Q2 compared to last year. As the class leader, Trulicity is well positioned for
future growth. And we look forward to regulatory action later this year on the higher doses of Trulicity.
We expect the potential launch of additional doses to be an important option to allow patients to realize
benefits while extending their duration of therapy on Trulicity.

In another large and fast-growing diabetes class, Jardiance maintained market leadership in the U.S.
SGLT2 class with over 57% share of total prescriptions. The SGLT2 class saw a similar magnitude of
reductions as the GLP-1 class in new-to-brand prescriptions as new prescriptions were 38% less than the
pre-COVID-19 levels before recovering some in June and July. Current weekly trends are approximately
15% below pre-COVID-19 levels. Jardiance continues to be the catalyst for class growth in new and total
prescriptions, growing over 12 percentage points faster than the market in Q2 with 32% growth versus
last year. We're excited by the recently announced positive results of Jardiance in patients with heart
failure in the EMPEROR-Reduced trial and look forward to the EMPEROR-Preserved trial readout in 2021.
We estimate the addressable market from each trial is up to 3 million additional patients in the U.S.,
adding a potential new source of future growth for Jardiance.

In oncology, Verzenio continues to show positive trends in the metastatic setting as U.S. share of market
in new-to-brand prescriptions continued to increase above 20%. While new-to-brand prescriptions for
the CDK4/6 class were more than 30% below pre-COVID levels at one point in the quarter, Verzenio
fared better at negative 19%. And the most recent week of new-to-brand prescriptions is above the pre-
COVID-19 average. Verzenio had positive momentum as the monarchE trial results add to the compelling
existing data package. We look forward to presenting these data at a medical meeting later this year.

Tyvyt, our immuno-oncology product in collaboration with Innovent in China, posted another strong
quarter of performance and was the biggest driver of China's 50% volume growth in Q2. Tyvyt was added
to the National Drug Reimbursement List in January this year. And we anticipate strong sales momentum
in the second half of 2020. We expect Tyvyt to continue to be an important driver of growth in China.

Our newest oncology medicine, Retevmo, had a strong launch despite debuting during a challenging
external environment. We're encouraged by early demand signals. And initial customer feedback on
the impressive safety and efficacy profile is very positive. Our sales force and medical science liaisons
are actively engaging with 6,000 lung and thyroid specialists through virtual tactics. And our existing
relationships with this customer base are leading to high-quality interactions and increased brand
awareness for this first-in-class medicine. While still early in the launch, we're excited about the fast start
and continue to believe we have a best-in-class product.

In immunology, we saw strong new-to-brand trends with Taltz early in Q1, followed by a sizable but
more gradual impact of COVID-19. Compared to pre-COVID levels, new-to-brand prescriptions across

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

immunology declined 36%. While this category has also been slower to recover, the most recent weeks
have showed improvements in trends. However, new-to-brand prescriptions for the total market are still
21% below pre-COVID levels. Taltz continues to compete for leadership in dermatology new-to-brand
share of market. And rheumatology trends are encouraging, although growing from a smaller base. Total
Taltz prescriptions grew 11% in Q2 compared to Q1 and 35% versus Q2 2019. We remain confident that
our compelling data package of head-to-head trials and recent approval in non-radiographic axSpA will
deliver growth in a competitive field of immunology agents.

In migraine, we've also seen a more prolonged decline in new-to-brand prescriptions due to COVID-19.
New-to-brand prescriptions in the injectable CGRP class have been 15% to 20% below pre-COVID levels
since late April and through July. Emgality's share of market remains strong with over 38% of new and
total prescriptions within the class. Although new-to-brand trends have been impacted by COVID-19, class
growth for total prescriptions was robust in Q2, increasing 64% compared to last year and 12% versus
Q1 2020. Given the importance of primary care physicians in driving growth with the return of active
promotions from multiple competitors, we expect class growth to reaccelerate in the second half of 2020.

Also in migraine, our acute therapy, Reyvow, was significantly impacted by the lack of patient visits and
in-person customer interactions related to COVID-19. While uptake so far has been modest early in
the launch, we'll make investments to drive awareness and focus our promotional efforts in the coming
quarters to drive uptake. While the field is competitive, we continue to believe our portfolio of both acute
and preventative treatments with 2 mechanisms of action is a differentiator for our migraine franchise.

On Slide 11, we provide an update on capital allocation. During the first half of 2020, we invested over
$4 billion to drive our future growth through a combination of business development, capital expenditures
and after-tax investment in R&D. In addition, we returned almost $2 billion to shareholders versus share
repurchase -- via share repurchase and the dividend. We remain well capitalized and have the ability
to access debt markets at attractive rates. We expect to continue to enhance our long-term growth by
acquiring first- or best-in-class pipeline assets and do not anticipate COVID impacts regarding travel or
market uncertainty to affect our efforts.

Before we provide an update on our 2020 financial guidance, Slide 12 provides an overview of the
composition of our U.S. business split by payer segment mix. This is a topic of frequent interest to
investors and is pertinent as we monitor the currently high levels of unemployment and the potential
for that to negatively impact our business. Based on gross sales during the first half of 2020, within our
existing business, commercial plans make up the largest portion at around 40%. Medicare Part D is the
second largest segment at approximately 20%, mainly due to our diabetes portfolio. Government and
hospital segments make up roughly 15%. Medicaid is around 10%. Medicare Part B is nearly 5%. And then
non-contracted business, uninsured and cash make up the remaining 10%.

So as we continue to monitor and analyze the potential impact of unemployment, causing people to
lose their commercial insurance and potentially shift to Medicaid, our modeling suggests this will have a
modest impact in 2020 and is contemplated in our financial guidance range. We expect these trends to
have a larger impact in 2021. And the magnitude will be driven by: the size and duration of employment
in the U.S.; the quality of commercial or ACA exchange insurance plans displaced employees move from;
the majority of our product as newer products have smaller net pricing spread between Medicaid and
commercial plans; and government stimulus or release plans that may keep patients on commercial
insurance.

While there is uncertainty on how all these factors will play out, at this time, we anticipate increased
utilization of Medicaid versus commercial insurance to be a moderate headwind to revenue in 2021
of approximately $200 million. This approximation contemplates peak U.S. unemployment in the low
double digits in 2020 and a gradual recovery in 2021 to high single-digit percent unemployed by year-
end. We do not have an estimate on the impact of the executive orders on 2021 at this point. But given
the uncertainty around them and our modest exposure to Part B, we expect the near-term impact to be
limited. Given our view of 2021 pricing negotiations, we still expect mid-single-digit price impacts across
the portfolio in 2021.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

So now moving to Slide 13. You'll find our updated 2020 financial guidance. This is based on our best
estimates at this time. And similar to how we approach Q1, we're balancing transparency and insight into
the current view of the business with the uncertainty we're all facing surrounding the extent and duration
of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Key assumptions supporting our updated guidance include: health care activity returns to normal
levels in the second half of 2020 as doctors utilize telehealth or in-person visits to see patients despite
potential additional COVID-19 outbreaks; the recovery in new patient prescriptions improves in the U.S.,
reaching and then growing above pre-COVID-19 levels by Q4 for most brands, noting the trends will
differ regionally and by brand; price headwinds from increased utilization of patient affordability programs
and changes in segment mix due to increased U.S. unemployment continue to be modest; clinical trial
sites remain open and active in enrolling patients; and promotional spend in the second half of the year
constitutes a mix of in-person customer interactions, direct-to-consumer advertising and investments in
supporting digital promotion.

While uncertainty remains regarding the continued spread of COVID-19 and the resulting impact on
the pace of economic recovery around the world, we believe health care activity will continue to be a
priority and the patients and physicians will find ways to access health care. We believe the stocking and
destocking activity observed in Q1 and Q2 had largely washed out. And we are encouraged by the demand
trends and more normal shipping patterns we're seeing with our customers. As a result, we're maintaining
our revenue range, recognizing additional closures in the health care system could cause us to revisit that
range later in the year.

Moving down the income statement. We're lowering our gross margin as a percent of revenue to
be approximately 80% on a non-GAAP basis. This reduction reflects changes in geographic mix and
lower realized prices. We expect our GAAP gross margin to be 78%. We're also lowering our range
for marketing, selling and administrative expenses by $200 million to reflect savings from reduced
travel meetings and in-person promotional activities, which are only partially offset by investments in
digital capabilities. Our range for research and development expenses is unchanged. We expect savings
associated with temporary pausing of clinical trial starts and enrollment to catch up in the second half of
2020 as we resumed activity in Q2.

Of note, if we see positive data in our neutralizing antibody treatments for COVID-19 that supports
broader development, we plan to fully invest in registrational clinical trials and further scaling of
manufacturing capacity. Under this scenario, our research and development expenses are likely to be in
the high end of our range as Lilly is self-funding all of these programs. We believe these investments are
important to help combat the impact of the global pandemic.

Our non-GAAP operating income as a percent of revenue goal of 31% remains as a reduction in total
operating expenses offset the slightly lower gross margin percentage. We're updating the range for other
income and expense to $350 million to $500 million of income, reflecting gains in our equity portfolio seen
in the second quarter. As I mentioned earlier, this number is, of course, subject to volatility in the capital
markets.

Turning to taxes. We're reducing our GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate guidance to approximately
14%, driven by the net discrete tax benefits we booked for the first half of the year. So earnings per share
is now expected to be in the range of $7.20 per share to $7.40 per share on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP
EPS is expected to be in the range of $6.48 per share to $6.68 per share.

Q2 was certainly an atypical quarter. As I highlighted earlier, COVID impacted our financial results
in a number of ways. However, our confidence in the strength of our underlying business and our
demonstrated ability to overcome challenges gives us the conviction to reaffirm our robust outlook for
sales growth and productivity.

So I'll now turn the call over to Dan to provide an update on our ongoing efforts to develop treatments for
COVID-19, a summary of key data disclosures in Q2 and a pipeline update.

Daniel M. Skovronsky

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Thanks, Josh. Since our last call, we've had major life cycle readouts for 3 of our most important new
medicines: Verzenio, Trulicity and Jardiance. All 3 were positive, all represent clinically meaningful
advances for patients and all should help drive continued growth for these important brands. I'll speak
briefly about each as well as a Phase III readout for mirikizumab, a molecule still under development.
In addition to advancing our existing R&D portfolio, we have devoted significant efforts to creating and
testing potential therapies for COVID-19. And here, too, we have made good progress this quarter. Before
I go through the pipeline update, I'll provide an update on our COVID-19 therapies.

Moving to Slide 14. We provide an overview of the active programs we're pursuing to treat or prevent
COVID-19. These programs have moved with unprecedented speed in hopes of finding new medicines
to help blunt the impact of the virus. Baricitinib, our JAK inhibitor, has 2 ongoing Phase III clinical trials
in patients hospitalized with COVID-19. The anti-inflammatory activity observed by baricitinib in other
diseases is thought to be potentially beneficial in treating COVID-19. The first trial is investigating
baricitinib in combination with remdesivir as part of the NIAID Adaptive COVID-19 Treatment Trial. And
we expect to have data from this trial within the coming months. The second trial is Lilly-sponsored and is
assessing baricitinib as monotherapy. We expect results from this trial later this year.

Second, we're pursuing a Phase II trial of an antibody that targets Angiopoietin-2, which has been
observed to be elevated in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome or ARDS. Based on trial
enrollment, we now expect to have data in-house this fall to inform next steps. While these 2 efforts may
inform treatment of the symptoms of COVID-19, the approach I'm most excited about is virus-neutralizing
antibodies for the treatment and prevention of COVID-19, both as single-antibody therapies and in
combinations. We currently have efforts ongoing with LY-CoV555, which arose from our collaboration with
AbCellera; and with LY-CoV016, which we licensed from Junshi Biosciences. The development status is
summarized on Slide 15.

Both antibodies have completed dosing in their Phase I studies with safety and PK results that support
advancing the molecules. Neither Phase I study was designed to collect efficacy data as the 555 trial only
enrolled 6 patients per dose and 016 enrolled only healthy volunteers. 555 is further along in development
and has progressed to a large dose-ranging Phase II study in ambulatory patients recently diagnosed with
COVID-19. Here, we are focused on reducing viral load. The study is enrolling quickly, and we should have
data to report by Q4. This will be our first opportunity to share human efficacy data from the neutralizing
antibody program.

Based on safety and tolerability data gathered to date as well as taking into account the gravity of the
unmet medical need here, we plan to initiate registrational studies in the coming weeks, even in advance
of having efficacy data. We envision studies across several different patient populations, including a Phase
III study for prevention of COVID-19 in residents and staff at long-term care facilities as well as additional
registrational studies for a potential treatment indication in both the ambulatory and hospitalized settings.
Once underway, the timing for data disclosures from these trials will be highly dependent on patient
enrollment and any interim efficacy and safety data we may see.

In addition to the monotherapy trials I described for 555, we intend to test the combination of 016 with
555 in case such a combination is needed to combat viral resistance. We look forward to producing
additional data for both programs. And we'll provide updates as we achieve program milestones or data
become available. We continue to invest in manufacturing for these potential therapies at risk. And we're
focused on ramping up our manufacturing capacity as quickly as possible.

While developing treatments for COVID-19 is an important priority for Lilly right now, we also continue
to advance the rest of our pipeline to help people with diabetes, immune disorders, neurodegeneration
and cancer. One particularly exciting development this quarter was the positive interim readout of the
monarchE trial, assessing the use of Verzenio to reduce the risk of recurrence in HR-positive, HER2-
negative, high-risk early breast cancer. Verzenio is the only CDK4/6 inhibitor to show a benefit in this
setting, where another competing product failed at a futility analysis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Our conviction in the differentiation of Verzenio from the competition continues to increase based on
important data, including: safety and tolerability data and mechanism of action that have allowed for
continuous dosing and therefore continuous target inhibition, this is a unique feature of abemaciclib;
clinical efficacy that supports use even as a monotherapy in metastatic breast cancer, another unique
feature of abemaciclib; the demonstrated benefit in overall survival in the metastatic setting in
combination with fulvestrant, something not all CDK4/6 inhibitors have been able to show; and most
recently, positive results in the adjuvant setting, another unique feature of abemaciclib. These data
continue to support our convictions that not all CDK4/6 inhibitors are the same. The positive results in
monarchE could significantly increase the opportunity for Verzenio.

Looking at the monarchE study clinical pathological criteria for enrollment. We estimate that approximately
20,000 patients in the U.S. would match these criteria. This represents a roughly 50% increase over the
current addressable market in metastatic breast cancer, a market projected to reach almost $7 billion
in 2020. In addition, we anticipate duration of therapy in the adjuvant setting will be longer. We plan to
submit these data by the end of the year to regulators around the world and to present them at a major
medical meeting in 2020.

Moving to Slide 17. We also presented important Trulicity data at the virtual ADA and ENDO meetings this
summer. In the on-treatment analysis, the 3-milligram and 4.5-milligram doses of Trulicity demonstrated
statistically significant improvement in hemoglobin A1c reduction and weight loss versus the currently
approved 1.5-milligram dose at 36 weeks. These doses could allow patients to receive additional clinical
benefits and stay on Trulicity while still experiencing Trulicity's ease of use. We look forward to U.S. and EU
regulatory action on the additional doses of Trulicity later this year.

At the virtual ADA, we also shared data which builds upon the existing body of evidence demonstrating the
simplicity of the Trulicity patient experience combined with its powerful efficacy. In this real-world analysis
of patients, after a minimum of 6 months of follow-up in the U.S., Trulicity demonstrated significantly
higher adherence and persistence compared to 2 other weekly GLP-1s. In addition, significantly
fewer people discontinued treatment on Trulicity compared to other agents. This real-world evidence
complements the robust clinical data generated for Trulicity and provides further support for why Trulicity
is the market-leading GLP-1.

Moving to Slide 18. You can see our select pipeline opportunities as of July 23. Movements since our last
earnings call includes the previously mentioned U.S. approvals for Lyumjev, Retevmo and Tauvid; the U.S.
approval of Taltz for non-radiographic axSpA, and Cyramza for EGFR mutated non-small cell lung cancer;
the initiation of the Phase III tirzepatide cardiovascular outcome study, SURPASS-CVOT; the advancement
of 3 new Phase II programs; the initiation of 3 Phase I programs; and the attrition of our first-generation
KRAS G12C molecule. While we were excited about our initial KRAS program, we observed unexpected
toxicity in the clinic that precluded further development. We're working to understand the mechanistic
basis for the toxicity, and we are exploring a backup program.

Moving to Slide 19. We provided an update on our 2020 key events that have occurred during the
quarter. In addition to the previously mentioned approvals, initiations and pipeline progress, we submitted
Olumiant in the U.S. for atopic dermatitis. As Dave mentioned earlier, we also announced positive Phase
III readouts for Jardiance in heart failure and mirikizumab in psoriasis.

Beginning with Jardiance. We were optimistic about the likelihood of success in heart failure based on
compelling CV data seen in diabetic patients in the EMPA-REG OUTCOME trial. We were pleased to see a
positive outcome from the first heart failure trial to read out EMPEROR-Reduced. And we will present the
data in August at the European Society of Cardiology and submit to regulators later this year. We look
forward to additional Jardiance data readouts, including heart failure with preserved ejection fraction, the
EMPEROR-Preserved trial, in 2021; and chronic kidney disease, the EMPA-KIDNEY study, in 2022.

We also announced a positive readout for mirikizumab Phase III in psoriasis, including success on the
primary and all key secondary endpoints. It's particularly encouraging to see such robust data from
mirikizumab in a head-to-head trial since trials such as these are the gold standard for comparing agents.
Indeed, we've had a number of positive head-to-head trials with Taltz in psoriasis. And now we're pleased
to see mirikizumab demonstrate superiority versus Cosentyx at 52 weeks on both PASI 90 and PASI 100.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Despite growing competition in psoriasis, Taltz remains an excellent option for patients that delivers
clear skin fast. These new data suggest that mirikizumab also has the potential to be a meaningful
treatment for people living with psoriasis. We look forward to submitting mirikizumab in this indication.
And importantly, these data further our conviction in IBD, where we see the biggest opportunity. Given the
relative priority of indications, we've been staging our investments in psoriasis. We have worked on going
to prepare for the psoriasis submission and plan to submit in the second half of 2021. Accordingly, we've
also provided an updated time line for the Phase III data of mirikizumab in ulcerative colitis and Crohn's
disease. We now expect the top line results for induction for ulcerative colitis in the spring of 2021 and for
Crohn's disease in 2022.

Since we announced the pause of new trial starts and enrollment in many programs back in March, I'm
pleased to report that we've reopened enrollment in the vast majority of clinical trials, and we are again
initiating new trials. As we partner with clinical trial sites going forward, we've made a number of changes
to how we run clinical trials that allowed for many tests to be completed virtually. These new capabilities
have come from necessity but are also improvements on the way clinical research is conducted and
something we'll continue going forward. These are challenging times in drug development. But Lilly has
demonstrated we have the creativity to adapt to the new environment, and we're committed to bringing
new medicines to patients.

Dave, back to you for some closing remarks.

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Dan. While mobilizing our resources to pursue treatments of devastating diseases is a natural
part of our history and our company's purpose, on a separate note, I think all major employers are
realizing we have a bigger role to play in the fight against systemic racial injustice. And as a corporate
leader in diversity inclusion, Lilly is committed to using our platform to speak up, speak out and work
towards solutions to eliminate the racism and inequities that African-Americans and other minorities have
experienced for far too long.

We are stepping up to bring people and organizations together to acknowledge the trauma of racial
injustice, understand its many forms and create lasting change. To underscore our commitment to positive
action, we also announced a pledge of $25 million and 25,000 employee volunteer hours over the next
5 years. The funding and volunteerism will be directed toward combating racial injustice and inequality
primarily here in Indiana. And we plan to partner with other businesses and community groups to achieve
our goals. While there's nothing easy about the road ahead, we can no longer accept systemic bias in any
of its forms. And the time for platitudes is now behind us. The time for meaningful action, specifically by
the corporate community, to drive lasting change is, in fact, now.

So a busy quarter. Let me conclude with some closing comments on our progress in the first half of
the year. As expected, our business experienced headwinds this quarter based on reduced new patient
starts and changes in inventory we highlighted earlier this year. With that in mind, we are pleased that
in the first half of 2020, we delivered strong volume-driven revenue growth of 7% worldwide in constant
currency. We are cautiously optimistic about the recovery of both health care activity and prescription
trends and expect both to accelerate during the second half of this year. We continue to find innovative
ways to ensure our patients have access to the medicines -- to their medicines and that we can support
physicians and hospital systems as they provide care. Our operating margin improved 200 basis points
over the first half of 2019, and we made exciting progress on our pipeline this quarter. We saw 3 top line
Phase III data readouts from important clinical programs. We had 5 U.S. approvals for NMEs and line
extensions and achieved another -- a number of other clinical milestones that Dan just highlighted.

The COVID-19 global pandemic continues to be a disruptive force in the way we all work and live. Lilly and
the broader pharmaceutical industry are working hard to develop new medicines to treat and to prevent
the spread of COVID-19. We anticipate this disruption will continue until vaccines and new medicines can
be used to manage the spread of the infection. While near-term challenges do exist, we remain confident
in the long-term outlook for our company and the strength of our fundamentals. Lilly and Lilly people will

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

continue to rise to the challenge. And I'm incredibly proud of our efforts to combat the global health crisis,
social and economic crises we currently face.

This concludes our prepared remarks. Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin, who will moderate the Q&A
session.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Dave. [Operator Instructions] Kevin, if you can please provide the instructions for the Q&A
session and then we're ready for the first caller.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will now go to the first question. And that will be from Seamus Fernandez,
Guggenheim.

Seamus Christopher Fernandez
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

So just a couple of quick questions, first, for Dan. Dan, can you help us understand a little bit more about
the timing of your CoV-2 antibody data? And also, just wanted to get a little bit of the scientific discussion
around your choice of pursuing a single antibody. I know that the AbCellera technology is unique. But just
wanted to have a little bit more of a discussion around that.

I think that would be helpful for investors as we think about the choice of a single antibody. I know you've
talked about manufacturing as a driving choice there. But obviously, the efficacy is paramount. So we just
wanted to get a full understanding of that dynamic and that choice and how you hope the study is going to
read out.

And then secondly, just as we think about the margin dynamics in the second half of the year, Josh, I was
just hoping that you could help us better understand the directional trajectory of how you're expecting the
margins to shape up in the second half. How much of that is driven by meaningful revenue acceleration
versus just an ability to kind of manage the expense line?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Seamus. Dan and then Josh.

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Great. Thanks, Seamus, for those questions about the COVID-19 antibodies. Maybe just starting with
timing, of course, the timing of data disclosures depends on how fast the trials enroll and what the data
show. We're committed to getting important information out to the public and the scientific community as
quickly as it's available. With respect to the Phase II trial that's focused on kind of viral load, I think this is
going to be the first and probably a key indicator of potential efficacy for this approach. And I commented
that we expect to have that data to disclose from this 400-patient Phase II trial in Q4. But again, that just
depends on how fast we can enroll these patients.

Your second question there was around the rationale for a single antibody versus 2 or 3 cocktails of even
more antibodies that have been proposed. And specifically, you asked around efficacy. So I think we and
others have looked at monotherapy versus combination therapy in a variety of preclinical models of the
disease and looking at neutralization of the virus infection of human cells, for example. And what you find
is that combinations don't offer an efficacy boost. A single antibody can generally neutralize the virus just
as well as combinations of antibody. The reason that people sometimes try combinations of antibody is
because they're worried that over time, resistance could emerge. So I don't expect to see any efficacy
boost or efficacy diminution from having a combo or monotherapy in clinical trials. What we'll be looking
for instead is whether or not there's emergence of resistance.

There are some factors that make that somewhat less likely here. I think the extremely high potency of
555 and its ability to effectively neutralize virus very, very quickly may decrease the risk of resistance.
We've done some primate studies and we've not seen resistance emerge in those studies at all. But we'll
be watching patients carefully. And we have the combination therapy that will move forward as a backup
if resistance is seen. The advantages of monotherapy are obvious and you commented on them. It's
simply that if you have one antibody, you can manufacture twice as much as a combo of 2 antibodies, 3

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

times as much as 3 antibodies. In a situation like this, I think there's societal tradeoffs that might indicate
maximizing manufacturing capacity is a key objective. And so that's where we're aimed here.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dan. And Josh?

Joshua L. Smiley
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Seamus. Yes. So if we look at our guidance for the year and think about the margin progression
in the second half of the year, just a reminder, sales on a constant currency basis grew 7% in the first half.
And our operating income percentage was a little bit over 29%. So to get to the 31% target we have for
2020, well, obviously, we've got to see margin expansion in the second half of the year. But I think it's
pretty straightforward. When we look at the sales range that we have, picking midpoints or wherever you
want to pick, we're looking really at something close to 7% or 8% growth in the second half of the year.
So while we expect an acceleration in sort of absolute sales on a half-to-half basis, it's not that much of a
stretch from where we are.

We expect a little bit of a pickup probably in gross margin in basis points. And that's just a function of
more normalized geographic impacts. As you know, we saw more of an impact in the U.S. in the first half
of the year than outside the U.S. We expect those things to normalize a little bit in the second half of the
year. And we're not anticipating any onetime pricing impacts, either up or down. So you'll see a little bit
of a benefit there. But the big piece will come on the OpEx side and it's not from additional sort of cost
savings moves. Our guidance range we provide for, again picking wherever you want to pick in the range,
a couple hundred million dollars or so of increased investment in absolute dollars in combination of SG&A
and R&D in the second half of the year.

So it's really just the absolute sales benefit that we'll see in the second half against a lower absolute
increase but still an increase in OpEx. That gets us to something over 31% in the second half of the year.
And put that together, that puts us at 31%. We feel like most of these things are certainly in our control.
As I mentioned earlier and as Dan has talked about on COVID, we're going to invest fully behind those
opportunities. That is contemplated in our guidance range. And to the extent we're higher on OpEx, at the
higher end of the range, it's going to be primarily because of seeing good data and continue to move fast
there. But we're confident in the margin expansion opportunity into the second half of the year for the
reasons I just mentioned.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Josh. Seamus, thanks for your questions.

Operator

And that will be from the line of Geoff Meacham, Bank of America.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just had a few. On Verzenio, I know we have yet to see data details. But can you speak to the real-world
duration of therapy today in metastatic and then what you would expect from the monarchE setting? And
then a quick drug pricing question for Dave. I know obviously you spend a lot of time on these issues. But
what are the hurdles to getting IPI implemented? And when you look across the Lilly portfolio, can you
speak to categories that may be more impacted from the executive order, either IPI, rebates, et cetera?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Geoff. We'll go to Anne for the question on Verzenio and then Dave on IPI.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Anne E. White
Senior VP & President of Lilly Oncology

Well, Geoff, thanks for the question on Verzenio. And the duration question is an important one and
something that we're really excited about as part of the additional opportunity in EBC. And so we do
expect the duration of treatment to be longer than the metastatic setting. And to your question, what
we've seen in RWE in the metastatic setting is about 8 months. Now we'll need to see what that actually
is once patients are being treated upon approval in the adjuvant setting. But obviously, we're encouraged,
the fact is the treatment duration in the study itself was 24 months. So we do expect it to be much longer
than the 8 months that we see in the metastatic setting.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Anne. Dave?

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Geoff. Well, I mean, we all observed last Friday's announcements. I think mostly, these are
not particularly new ideas. So my statements may be a repeat from prior calls. But on IPI specifically, this
is being proposed under the CMMI model, Affordable Care Act. So that by itself is a probably a problem
to seek to regulate the entirety of the U.S. physician-infused market via that mechanism. And I think
you expect the industry to vigorously challenge that authority. EOs don't create new authority. But if
implemented, and we have yet to see the text, by the way. I'm not sure the White House has put that out
yet. But let's assume it's something like the 2018 blueprint proposal. We are relatively underexposed to
this idea because it affects Part B physician-infused drugs.

Today, the 2 material medicines fit that in our portfolio, Alimta and Cyramza. Of course, Alimta, we expect
a patent expiry in spring of '22. So you have a time window impact that's quite short; and Cyramza, which
is obviously longer and a meaningful product, but a part of our growth story but not a cornerstone of it.
Going forward, of course, if we looked at future medicines in the pipeline, there are infused medicines in
immunology. And notably, in Alzheimer's, should those succeed, that would -- you'd be concerned about.
But I think drug companies have more ability to navigate on future products than they do on past --
products launched in the past because you can affect your primarily European pricing outlook perhaps with
constrained demand in Europe but focused on a common floor price for the U.S. So we can navigate it.

That said, it's horrible policy. And I think will -- sends a wrong message at a time when this industry is
working literally day and night to help us all escape from COVID-19. Do we really want to be talking about
this disruptive force? And the most well-capitalized companies are the least affected. Biotech, which we're
not part of that small company group, but they will be severely affected. And investor interest in many
of their companies could drop precipitously. I think that will be a real loss for what is an industry that's
basically U.S.-based. So we will fight it hard. And hopefully, it won't come to be.

On rebate, again this is an idea we've pursued and have been for, for some time as well as frankly we're
not disappointed by the 340B pass-through idea that was presented as well. We think that the patients
who drive the volume the plans negotiate discounts on should benefit from those discounts frankly as
they do in every other part of the health care system, except medicines. So that we think cost sharing
and co-pay should be based on net price, not list and these ideas forward that. Again, lots of barriers
to implementation on those as well. And I'm sure other groups will oppose them. But we'll continue to
support that concept of sharing the savings.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dave. Geoff, thanks for your questions.

Operator

Tim Anderson, Wolfe Research.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

I have a commercial question on CDK4/6 class. So Pfizer's Ibrance is the market leader. But it is the only
CDK4/6 that failed to show a survival benefit in formal [ Phase II ] trials in metastatic. And of course,
it failed an adjuvant. Does Lilly think that the metastatic share that Ibrance has is materially at risk to
competitors like Verzenio? Or will there realistically be stickiness to this segment? Pfizer said that its
real-world study that show an OS benefit will protect it. But wondering what your view is. So it's really a
question on the metastatic segment.

And then on tirzepatide, how do you characterize your level of confidence that the first upcoming Phase III
results are going to be data that really wows investors like the Phase II trial results did? It's notable that
analysts already carry about a $5 billion estimate for tirzepatide in the consensus model.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Tim. We'll go to Anne for the question on the CDK4/6 class and then Mike Mason for the question
on tirzepatide.

Anne E. White
Senior VP & President of Lilly Oncology

Well, thanks for the question, Tim, on Verzenio. And I -- we believe we've seen really positive trends with
Verzenio in the metastatic setting. And I think Josh mentioned those in some of the intro. And we've really
capitalized on the positive overall survival data from MONARCH 2 in the combination with fulvestrant. And
so what we've seen versus Q2 2019 is worldwide growth of 56% in revenue and U.S. growth of 35%. And
then if we look globally, we now had 49 approvals worldwide. And I think probably an important metric is
the Japan NBRx share of market now at 58%. And so we've seen a very strong launch in Japan.

And so we believe, obviously, that with statistically significant survival data, that's really the gold standard
in this class. And so we believe that more and more physicians will be trying Verzenio and we've seen that
in the continued increase in the NBRx. And so we'll continue to share that message. We believe that this is
the best-in-class agent. And I think it just goes to that whole picture of the differentiation that we see with
Verzenio over time. And I just think that, that will shift physicians' minds.

The positive results from monarchE, as Dan mentioned, really do differentiate it from both CDK4/6s. And
then we've got statistically significant results, not just in the overall population but then in the hard-to-
treat populations, those with visceral disease and primary endocrine resistance. And again, you didn't
see that with some of the other CDK4/6s. So I think we're starting to feel pretty strongly. And I think
physicians are starting to agree with us that we have a differentiated agent here. And so you'll continue
to see us press in the metastatic setting because we have that survival data. And now we get to make the
move into the adjuvant study.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Anne. Mike?

Michael B. Mason
Senior VP & President of Lilly Diabetes

Okay. For tirzepatide, we're glad to see that you were wowed by our type -- our Phase II data in -- for
patients living with type 2 diabetes. I think the best thing really to do is to go back and take a look at the
Phase II clinical studies. I mean we saw at the 15-milligram dose up to 2.4% A1c reduction and weight
loss up to 12.7% versus placebo in just 6 months of study. So we're excited to see how tirzepatide can
perform in this patient population and longer studies in Phase III. There's nothing to tell us that we won't
see exciting data coming out of the Phase III. We don't have any new information that suggests otherwise.
So we are incredibly confident about tirzepatide, not only in type 2 diabetes, but also we're excited to see
its potential in NASH and obesity. So our enthusiasm remains very, very high. Thank you for the question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Mike. Tim, thanks for your questions.

Operator

And that's Umer Raffat of Evercore.

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Dan, I'm just trying to reconcile the positive commentary around your COVID mAb heading to
registrational trials versus perhaps lack of any data -- efficacy data visibility from Phase I. And if you could
possibly speak to any trends you've seen already, that would be really helpful.

And then on KRAS, if you could -- I might have missed it, but if you could just add some more color on
whether you ran into a therapeutic index challenge before efficacy kicked in. And if you could speak to
what's the highest dose you actually dosed patients with on your KRAS. Because it seems like other KRAS
inhibitors who didn't really have any efficacy until a very high dose and all just kicked in at a certain dose.
So it would be really helpful.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Umer. Dan, you'll take both of those?

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Yes. Sure. Umer, thanks for both those questions. So on the COVID mAb, you're sort of asking about the
rationale going to registrational studies without having seen efficacy data. It's not something we usually
do. You're right. Of course, here, it's, as I said, the gravity of the situation and the rapidity with which
we desire to test these therapies that have driven us to that decision. You asked about sort of trends
that might have encouraged us from the Phase I study. And unfortunately, the answer is we don't have
anything to talk about.

We had one Phase I study that was in healthy volunteers. So they didn't have COVID-19, nothing to see
there. And the other was so small in the hospitalized patients, 6 patients per dose group. And I think what
we saw there is basically what you would expect across doses and placebo. All of the patients actually did
really well and got better and left the hospital. And that's not atypical for a Phase I study here that the
population that physicians typically pull into those studies are some of the better patients who might be
at the end of their disease course. I wouldn't expect antibodies in any case to have much effect in people
whose viral load is already low and their immune system is already clearing the disease. So that's where
we are.

I think the Phase II study, on the other hand, is patients who are early in the disease course. They're just
within a few days of getting diagnosed. My expectations they'll have high and, in many cases, increasing
viral loads in the absence of therapy. And the goal here is to show that the therapy decreases the viral
load. So that's the important readout. But as I said, we'll have started the Phase IIIs by then.

On KRAS, this is an issue of off-target toxicity. So it's not related to the KRAS target itself is our view. That
does, therefore, kill the therapeutic index and not possible to proceed with that drug. I don't think we,
at this moment, give details on the exact nature of the toxicity or the highest dose that we tested. But
we didn't feel we could proceed based on the doses at which we saw that tox. And we're trying to resolve
that. In the backup program, we have some preclinical models for the tox. We'll see if they bear out or
not.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Thanks, Dan. Umer, thanks for your questions.

Operator

Andrew Baum of Citi.

Andrew Simon Baum
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

A question on U.S. drug price reform. There are a number of live propositions. Obviously, the executive
order referencing rebate reform, which obviously Lilly has supported, but it requires a positive CBO score
in order to move forward. First question is do you think there's any possibility that could be achieved,
given the history of the CBO score and the belief required of an overall reduction in pricing through
market-based competitions to get there and the CBO to reflect that? So that's number one.

And number two, an alternate proposition has got bipartisan support in the Senate. But it's stopping from
reaching that Senate floor by Mitch McConnell. I know you have some concerns over that bill. But as a
potential way forward to mitigate a more deleterious solution under either of the potential options going
forward, can you see this progressing?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Andrew. We'll go to Dave for both of those.

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Andrew. On the EOs, you're talking about rebate reform and the idea of pass-through. And
the history here is, as you pointed out, the CBO score was extremely negative. In our math, largely
driven by the one assumption you noted, which is that rebate value would essentially accrue back to
manufacturers and thus raise premiums, it's a deeply flawed assumption. Of course, we'll compete. But
the whole idea would be to move the basis of competition from sort of discriminated prices that are private
to list price or other means to deliver pricing directly to consumers, discounts that pass-through, for
instance. So that, of course, requires industry actors to change their practices. And that's not something
that can be coordinated or messaged very well due to antitrust laws.

So we're sort of in this catch-22 on committing to deliver on sharing the savings but not being able to
do that publicly. I think that's a problem. And it's particularly a problem for legislation. Of course, the
executive order method has other problems in terms of legal power. But if enacted under administrative
rules, there isn't necessarily a requirement to square the budget. So savings can be assumed in other
ways and there's a different authority doing the math. That said, I think there are headwinds on this
point, both within the executive branch as well as on the Hill. Nonetheless, it's the right thing to do. And I
think we need to continue to push for ways that everyone would have confidence that the industry would
compete in a way that would lower consumer out-of-pocket costs. I can tell you, that's the goal when we
advocate for this policy. And we need to find ways to provide that assurance, I think, to get movement.

You talked about Senate Finance, and Grassley reintroduced a version of his bill to try to make one last
push. I believe his chairmanship is ending, in any case, at the end of this Congress. So it's understandable
why he's doing that. I don't think that, that package has much of a chance to advance. There are always
way stars get aligned, and there's a number of health extenders do at the end of this Congress. But it's
a pretty big piece of legislation to throw on an extenders package. The only possible way is that it does
produce a positive budget impact, so in terms of you used to pay for other things. But probably, you don't
need the whole package. So I think that's still a narrow path. And the most likely scenario is that these
EOs can't take force and don't take force prior to a new presidential term, a new Congress sitting and that
Senate Finance doesn't go anywhere either nor does HR 3. I think that's sort of the probable planning
scenario.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Thanks, Dave. Andrew, thanks for your questions.

Operator

And that will be from the line of Louise Chen of Cantor.

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

So my first question is, is there any way to quantify the operating margins, what we would have seen
in the first half '20 without R&D COVID spending and also headwind sales from the pandemic? And the
second question I had was do you -- how do you think about tirzepatide as a single solution for diabetes,
NASH and obesity?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Louise. We'll go to Josh for the first question and then Mike for the second one.

Joshua L. Smiley
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Louise. Yes, I think in the first half, as I mentioned, our operating margin was 29.1%. I think if
you add back some of the loss prescriptions, but then also keep in mind, we had some savings associated
with promotion. We're probably closer to 30%. We said as we came into the year, we expected margin
expansion through the year. So that's still in track -- on track. But we're probably off by somewhere in the
range of the 50 to 100 basis points or something there.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Josh. Mike?

Michael B. Mason
Senior VP & President of Lilly Diabetes

No. It's a great question on tirzepatide. And I think we have just a phenomenal opportunity to not just be
able to provide glucose control for those living with type 2 diabetes but really affect their overall metabolic
health. And so I think the contributions of both GLP and GIP can provide the opportunity to really provide
improved metabolic health across type 2 diabetes, obesity and NASH that are related. And so it's a great
question. I think it's a good opportunity for us to expand our focus beyond just helping someone living
with type 2 diabetes a better control of glucose. So great question, and obviously, it's an area that we will
focus on. There will be people living with type 2 diabetes that are in our NASH and obesity studies.

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Maybe just to add to that. It goes maybe without saying, but I'll say it. The current utilization of GLPs in
the total diabetes population in developed markets is something like 1 in 8 or 1 in 10 patients. And so
the hope here is that we can rearrange the priorities and the sequence of treatment in a way where this
powerful category, and here, a dual-acting GIP/GLP could be used earlier and more broadly to manage
disease outcomes in a very different way. Today, type 2 diabetes is disease of failure. And perhaps this
technology could help doctors and patients find success much earlier in the disease course.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Mike and Dave. Louise, thanks for your questions.

Operator

Terence Flynn, Goldman Sachs.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Was wondering on another one on Verzenio, if the monarchE data is going to be at ESMO or San Antonio
Breast and then if you think penetration in the adjuvant setting will be higher, lower or the same as in the
metastatic setting over time. And then Josh, just on contracting, you talked about how those discussions
are wrapping up now. Anything notable in terms of Trulicity or Taltz that we should consider as we think
about those contracts for 2021?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Terence. We'll go to Anne for the question on monarchE and then Josh around the contracting.

Anne E. White
Senior VP & President of Lilly Oncology

Yes. So thanks for the question, Terence. So on the presentation, we will be presenting at a medical
meeting later this year. Unfortunately, I can't confirm which one yet. But we will be presenting at a
meeting this year. As far as on the penetration, well, that's -- I think what's exciting about this opportunity
is that we are the only CDK4/6 to have positive results in the adjuvant setting. And so I think our
penetration for the high-risk patients, which is the population that we had in monarchE, will be extremely
high. So this -- as we're hearing people react even to the top line opportunity, we're seeing that there's a
lot of enthusiasm for having CDK4/6 in the setting. And so we look forward to sharing those results, as I
said, later this year.

Again, we see -- as I think Dan and others mentioned in the introduction, we see this as an opportunity,
probably about 20,000 patients here in the U.S. as we matched our criteria in the study to the SEER
database. So I think we see a pretty significant opportunity. It's really probably half again of what we have
in the metastatic setting, which has been significant. So we do -- to answer your question, we do expect
strong penetration in this space over time.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Anne. Josh?

Joshua L. Smiley
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. As you know, Terence, we won't sort of talk specifically about individual contracts or anything at this
point. But I think for what we have seen, first, I'd go back to the earlier comments that we see a pretty
similar pricing environment in 2021 to what we're seeing here, which would be modest net price declines,
meaning we're providing slightly more rebates than what we're anticipating in terms of list price increases.
And then we couple that with the other dynamic factors that we've mentioned. I think -- if you think
about Trulicity, we've said sort of expect something plus or minus 5% net price declines over time. I think
that's how we're viewing next year, it's a very competitive environment, of course. But we're focused on
maintaining access, not looking to trade price per share or anything like that. So I think those negotiations
are going as expected.

With Taltz, we've been focused on upgrading our access. And so to the extent that we're able to do that,
you'll see that in as a net price decline potentially but compensated for by increased access. Again, I think
we're happy with the progress we're making this year and continue to focus on improving where we can
for next year. But overall, again I'd say the general trend is we have fierce competition in the classes we're
in, but we're focused on maintaining at least the access we have today and when we have the chance
upgrading in areas like immunology.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Thanks, Josh. Terence, thanks for your questions.

Operator

Next will be Chris Schott, JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just maybe first on Verzenio, you highlighted 20,000 patients potentially in the U.S. Maybe just give us
similar metrics about how you're thinking about the size of the eligible population in developed ex U.S.
markets. And then a second question, very helpful color in terms of kind of the mix in unemployment
headwinds for 2021. Any updates in terms of how you're thinking about potential international price
pressures from some of the budget deficits we're seeing globally? Is that a '21 headwind to think about as
well? Or is that going to take a bit longer to manifest itself?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Chris. We'll go to Anne for Verzenio and then to Dave on the international question.

Anne E. White
Senior VP & President of Lilly Oncology

Great. So thanks so much for that question on the Verzenio-eligible population. And so as I said in the
U.S., about 20,000 eligible patients, which is about 10% to 15% of the HR-positive, HER2-negative EBC
population. Outside the U.S., the pathology is similar, we estimate. And so we estimate patient numbers
in Europe about 10% larger than the U.S. And then Japan is about 1/4 of the size the U.S. So I hope that
answers the estimate questions outside the U.S.

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Great. And on international pricing, I think we've talked about this before. But we don't have that many
proxies for this kind of situation. But what we do know is economic activity, particularly in Europe and
Japan, has fallen like in the U.S. tax receipts accordingly. And if we use 2008 as a proxy, really took
almost 3 years for the policy implications of that to show up in drug pricing health budgets. And that's
natural because there's a lag in tax receipts and then there's a lag in policymaking in response to it. I
would expect that to happen. And the normal things that occur are clawback mechanisms and methods to
keep the medicines budget within some proportion of the health budget. I think that will be a headwind
the industry will face over the next 2 or 3 years.

I would say though that if history follows, and I don't see any reason why it wouldn't because Europeans
in particular were successful at capping drug spending growth in the early part of the last decade, the
burden of that tends to follow -- fall disproportionately on older products that are scaled and perhaps with
more competition in the categories, whereas newer products, I think, actually weren't really affected.
They're more driven by health technology assessment and the procedures to get an initial price. And they
don't really drive much budget pressure versus end of life. As you know, we continually advocate for more
biosimilar and generic adoption in these markets as the first lever to pull. And so I think also for products
that are exposed to biosimilars and generics, you probably would see more pressure on the back end of
this as well.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dave. Chris, thanks for your questions.

Operator

The next question is from Vamil Divan from Mizuho.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Vamil Kishore Divan
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

So a couple, if I can. So one, on -- just on the margin discussion, specifically on SG&A, wondering if you
have any comments you can share just in terms of your sort of more virtual promotional efforts here the
past few months and a sense of how productive they've been. And really just trying to get a sense, as you
think about going forward, is your spending on SG&A potentially going to be less than what you're thinking
before if you go to more of a hybrid sort of model? Or do you expect within kind of year or so, your SG&A
spending would be essentially what it would have been before the pandemic?

And then the second one is just maybe more on the business development side, just given some of the
volatility you're seeing from the [indiscernible] on COVID and also drug pricing. And just any changes to
how you're thinking about potential licensing or acquisitions in terms of size? Or also curious in terms of
therapeutic areas, are there any sort of areas where you could have more need or desire or take capacity
to bring in additional assets?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Vamil. We'll go to Dave for your first question and then Josh for the second one on BD.

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Vamil, for some years now, we've been on a journey to build out the capabilities to reach customers
where they want to be reached and have relevant information at that time as well as around launches and
key data readouts to be able to expand our capacity beyond just the sales channel to reach customers.
That has proven pretty useful during this pandemic. And I would say, overall, the conditions, which, as I
mentioned in my prepared remarks, are variable around the world in terms of being able to safely send
reps into the field and actually even be able to be let into medical buildings and facilities. I think there's
a constraint there. So we've leaned into this. We've accelerated some of the plans we had to increase
volume and the richness of this capability. Overall, I think the results are -- and I think we prefer to run
the hybrid model everywhere where we have sales reps and these capabilities. Where we can't send sales
reps, these capabilities have been useful.

Is it as productive? I think it's certainly more efficient and it's more scalable. Whether it's as impactful,
I think we'll need to watch through time. We have different markets we serve. And I can say that in
specialty markets, where you've got a smaller number of physicians and you can target your efforts
extremely well, we mentioned Retevmo launch on this call, which is kind of a first thing for us was an
approval and launch during the pandemic, I think we're pretty pleased with the progress there. On the
other hand, primary care brands, it's a little more challenging because the way these practices are run and
the variability and physicians' accessibility. So I think the whole industry is probably learning this. But on
the other side of this, we'll have a much more enhanced capability. And you can bet we're spending huge
amounts of time on a global basis lifting that up now in a way that's pretty rigorous. So more to come
there, productivity to be seen; efficiency, yes; effectiveness, we probably see a lot of variability right now.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dave. Josh?

Joshua L. Smiley
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. So on business development, our strategy hasn't changed. We continue to focus on acquiring a
potential first-in-class or best-in-class projects or products in our therapeutic areas. There's a high bar
there. We've had great progress in our internal pipeline. But we remain committed to finding those kind
of opportunities. We have -- we're generating very strong cash flow. We've got good investment-grade
ratings and good liquidity, good access to capital markets. So even with all the disruption related to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

COVID, I don't see any change for us. And then our ability to interact with smaller companies or access
potential projects hasn't changed. That's not impacted by COVID. So it's really just a function of finding
the right opportunities and ensuring that we can structure the deals in ways that create value for both
sides. And we'll continue to focus on that.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Josh. Vamil, thanks for your questions.

Operator

Next is Carter Gould, Barclays.

Carter Lewis Gould
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I guess two for Dan. First, on the baricitinib studies in COVID, can you maybe just sort of frame sort of
how you're thinking about these studies, your level of confidence in light of some of the other agents
repurposed from RA that have failed, albeit upstream of JAK inhibition? And then as far as on the N3pG
antibody side, are sort of time lines still intact? Should we still expect that data to read out early next
year? And any commentary on how you're thinking about the hurdle to move into the pivotal studies?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Carter. Dan?

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Yes. Sure. Thanks. On baricitinib, of course, we're encouraged. And the reason we did this trial is based
on preclinical data around the mechanism of action of baricitinib. And I think the clinical effects of immune
modulation in hospitalized patients with COVID-19 has been mixed. As you pointed out, there have
been some failures. There've also been some promising efficacy signals and even success, of course,
with dexamethasone. So I think we just have to wait and see how this works. Treating patients in the
hospitalized setting is important. If we can reduce length of stay or decrease mortality, that will be an
exciting result and maybe a stopgap measure until we have medicines that actually can fight off the virus,
like I hope the neutralizing antibodies will.

As for N3pG, yes, we're still on the same time line as we've always been. The trial will wrap up at the
very end of this year, which means we'll have data internally and likely some kind of top line just in the
very start of next year. I think given the size of the study, we have a reasonably high hurdle rate. We are
hoping to see a large effect size. We base that belief on the level of plaque clearance we can get. We get
deeper and faster plaque clearance than has been shown with any other agents. So if clearing plaques is
important to stopping disease progression, we should have a strong effect. It's noteworthy that we also
designed this trial to select a very careful patient population based on their tau levels at baseline. So we
also expect a smaller standard deviation because the population should have a more uniform progression.
I also note that we started a second trial with N3pG already.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dan. Carter, thanks for your questions.

Operator

Next, Steve Scala of Cowen.

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

When we see the data from monarchE, can you reassure us that the disease-free survival improvement
won't be an underwhelming 1% to 2%? Really seems excited about the data, so I would assume it's going
to be stronger than 1% to 2%, maybe 3%, 4%, 5%. And then secondly, Roche announced last week that
it will have data from a large Phase II trial of a tau antibody very soon. Should the Roche study fail, can
you highlight any differences between the Lilly and Roche molecules and/or the study design that could
sustain optimism for the Lilly program? Or if the Roche molecule fails, should we assume that the Lilly
molecule likely will follow a similar fate?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Steve. We'll go to Anne for the question on monarchE and then Dan for the question on tau.

Anne E. White
Senior VP & President of Lilly Oncology

Well, Steve, thanks for the question. Obviously, we just shared the top line at this time. So I can't go into
detailed data, as you know, prior to the data disclosure. But what I can tell you is that we do believe that
the positive results from monarchE are clinically meaningful and will add to the existing body of evidence
that Verzenio is differentiated from other CDK4/6s. And this is a major milestone for Verzenio and we
believe does have the potential to change the paradigm of how early breast cancer is treated. So we really
look forward to sharing the data with you at a meeting later this year.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Anne. Dan?

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Yes. Thanks. And with respect to the tau antibody, again here, I'll just say we're still on track for the
data readout. This will come in the second half of next year. I'm excited about this mechanism. But we
don't have clinical data yet. The Roche readout will be important. And we'll be watching it carefully.
And of course, on behalf of patients and the mechanism, we'll be hoping for their success. But there
are some differences, as you pointed out, both in molecule and trial design that make readthrough
more complicated. One, I think, important aspect of molecule design is that there's lots of different
species of tau in the brain. There's a lot of soluble tau that is monomeric and probably not involved
in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease that can sop up antibody and sort of reduce the effective
amount of antibody available to get the bad kinds of tau. Our antibodies are designed specifically to bind
aggregated tau. So we think that should improve its ability to actually hit the target. Very high doses
of these antibodies are generally used to overcome this soluble monomeric tau problem. So that's one
difference between that Roche antibody and, in fact, all of the competitors and ours.

A second difference is around trial design. And here again, we've used our unique expertise in tau
imaging and biomarkers to select a patient population that we think: a, will be more uniform in its disease
progression, allowing us to see signal better; and b, be more likely to be responsive to a tau therapeutic.
It's likely these therapies will be effective, if they are effective, at stopping the spread of tau rather than
removing preformed tau. And so I think it's important to have patients who are in the midst of spreading
tau, not patients that tau has spread throughout the entire brain. So we'll watch them carefully, but they'll
be caution on readthroughs.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dan. Steve, thanks for your questions.

Operator

Navin Jacob, UBS.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Navin Cyriac Jacob
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just a couple on some launch products. Retevmo, selpercatinib, just wondering how that launch is going.
What is the diagnosis rate for RET right now? And where do you see that will reach over the next 1 to
2 years? And then just time lines for Retevmo in ex U.S. markets. And then separately, with regards to
your migraine franchise, just want to get some color on how you view the CGRP market growing from
here going forward as well as tied to that, lasmiditan. I know it's still early in the launch, but the launch
does seem to be a little bit slower than some of the competitors out there. Just wondering what the
dynamics you're seeing in there, understanding that it's -- that COVID-19 is also making things a little bit
challenging in the neurology setting.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Navin. We'll go to Anne for the question on Retevmo and then Patrik on migraine.

Anne E. White
Senior VP & President of Lilly Oncology

Well, thanks, Navin, for the questions on Retevmo. So the launch is going well, as Dave mentioned in his
introduction. And so we're encouraged by the early demand signals that we've seen with Retevmo. And
the initial customer feedback on the data has been very positive. So they're impressed by the efficacy and
the safety data across multiple indications and lines of therapy that we were able to get into the label. And
it's the largest, obviously, RET inhibition population that's been studied in 700 patients. We don't have Rx
data to report yet. But we're aware of patient starts in a number of our top accounts, which is supported
by the downstream channel orders. So it's clear that our first-to-market advantage is resulting in the
treatment of patients, who have identified [ RET ] even in previous testing.

So that kind of leads to your question around diagnostic testing. So what we've seen historically is that
RET is showing up on panels probably about 30% of the time. So you've hit on one of the key criterias of
the launch is to continue to drive that testing rate up. And so it's been very much a focus of our efforts,
both to work with pathologists out in the U.S. on making sure that they have RET on their panels now,
that we have an actional -- very actionable biomarker for them to test against. Our goal is essentially to
eventually see testing rates like we see in some of the other targeted therapies, which approach 80%.
Now the question that we'll all have to assess is how quickly we can get there. But our goal is to drive that
up as quickly as we possibly can. And so that's a big focus of the launch.

And we have partnerships with Thermo Fisher and Illumina and other things in the works to really
drive that up across the industry. Because we do believe that, that's actually the best care for patients,
regardless they were treated with Retevmo or other targeted therapies, that we want patients to get the
right therapy for them. As far as the time lines, so as you know, we've submitted in Europe. And so we're
waiting regulatory action there. That submission was accepted at the beginning of this year. And then we
look to submit in Japan and China, either late this year or early next. So still working with the regulatory
authorities there.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Anne. Patrik?

Patrik Jonsson
Senior VP & President of Lilly Bio-Medicines

Thank you very much. Well, the overall CGRP market continue to grow very nicely. And when we look at
on the market growth year-to-year, we're talking about a growth of 64% versus last year while Emgality
actually continued to significantly outperform the market with growth of 151%. And even if we look at the
last quarter, we see that the CGRP market continued to grow with 12% despite the significant decline in
terms of new-to-brand. And we continue to remain very confident in the future of Emgality and aiming for

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

27

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

a market leadership in the preventive market. And we see also a strong market leadership, particularly in
primary care, where we have expanded our efforts in 2020 and with quite a few new trials. So very, very
optimistic in terms of the CGRP market for Emgality.

If we look at on Reyvow launch, I think it's fair to say that we are not pleased with the performance so far.
But we need to have in mind that we had approximately 1 month in the marketplace prior to we were hit
by COVID-19. And we made a conscious decision to actually pull back from our promotional efforts both in
the field as well as in terms of [ seating ] promotion overall. We have started to start up virtual proactive
detailing. And we remain very confident in the molecule, taking into account that it's the only one that
actually can offer a strong relief from the most painful physical symptoms as well as the most troublesome
symptoms associated with migraine. And we know that there is a huge opportunity. Out of the 6 million
people being treated in the U.S. today, 35% to 40% of those are not responding to the treatments. And in
terms of efficacy and relief, with one single dose, we believe we have a unique value proposition but still a
work to be done -- a lot of work to be done.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Patrik. Navin, thanks for your question.

Operator

That's from the line of David Risinger, Morgan Stanley.

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So I have two questions, please. First, for Dan, if you could just help us understand a little bit better
regarding the AbCellera antibody 400-patient Phase II, which was initiated mid-June. Just curious, given
the primary end point is at day 11, why would results not be revealed until the fourth quarter? And then
second, for Josh, could you comment on the swings in other income? I guess it's really more on a go-
forward basis since you already discussed what happened in the second quarter. Just to maybe provide
any modeling suggestions to us for modeling other income in future quarters.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dave. We'll go to Dan and then Josh.

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Yes. Dave, thanks for the question on the timing of the Phase II. You're right. It's a 400-patient study that
initiated last month. It got up to a bit of a slow start. I think as we saw at that time in the country that
pandemic shifted in geographies, we shifted our efforts accordingly. It's now enrolling very quickly. The
timing of data disclosure depends on that rate of enrollment, though. So it could, in fact, be sooner than
Q4. I think I'm confident it will be by, of course, sometime during Q4 at the latest. As you point out, the
day 11 time point is the critical point. So 400 patients enrolled and then 11 days later, nasopharyngeal
swabs and viral assessment and database lock and analysis and reporting, all that will just take probably
a couple of weeks from the end of the study. So we'll keep investors updated and the community updated
on the progress of the study. That's where we are today.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dan. Josh?

Joshua L. Smiley
Senior VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

28

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Thanks. Yes. On our OID, of course, in the first half of the year and particularly in the second quarter, as I
mentioned, what we're seeing there is the mark-to-market gains from the roughly $2 billion of investment
securities we hold. Again, we hold these as a function of business development deals and venture capital
deals to stay abreast of breaking science. And obviously, we're making good decisions there, at least as of
Q2. We don't anticipate or we don't forecast gains going forward there. So really, if you keep that neutral,
Dave, what we're really thinking about then is we're in a net debt position, so we pay interest costs on the
debt. And then the only way we see anything that's positive is if we see investment gains change.

So I think for modeling purposes, look at our sort of net debt position. We've got great rates against the
debt. So it's pretty modest negative cost. But that's sort of what we assume. And then any unusual items
that flow through there, of course, we'll report. And we tend to just, as you saw on Q2, let those flow
through. But we're not anticipating anything significant in the second half of the year. So mostly, you're
just going to see the negative impacts of our net debt position.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Josh. David, thanks for your questions. And we'll go to Dave for the close.

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Kevin. Well, we appreciate your participation in our earnings call today and a remarkable quarter.
And thank you for your interest in Eli Lilly. Please follow up with our IR team if you have any additional
questions that we didn't address today, and hope everyone stays well, and we'll talk to you soon.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. We do thank you for joining. You
may now disconnect. Have a good day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

29

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

30

