Eli Lilly and Company NYSE:LLY
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 26, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.96

1.94

(1.02 %)

2.20

7.90

8.43

Revenue  (mm)

6636.18

6772.80

2.06

7157.18

27350.09

28056.73

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-26-2021 12:59 PM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

2.39

2.10

1.89

1.96

2.75

1.87

1.87

1.94

SURPRISE

15.06 %

(10.95 %)

(1.06 %)

(1.02 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Anat Ashkenazi
Senior VP & CFO

Anne E. White
Senior VP & President of Lilly
Neuroscience

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer &
President of Lilly Research Labs

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Jacob S. Van Naarden
Senior VP & President of Lilly
Oncology

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Michael B. Mason
Senior VP & President of Lilly
Diabetes

Patrik Jonsson
Senior VP, Chief Customer Officer,
President of Lilly USA & President
of Lilly Immunology

ANALYSTS

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Andrew Simon Baum
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Carter Lewis Gould
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Securities, Research Division

Kerry Ann Holford
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Seamus Christopher Fernandez
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Vamil Kishore Divan
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Lilly Quarter 3 2021 Earnings Call.

[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Kevin Hern.
Please go ahead.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company's Q3 2021 Earnings Call. I'm Kevin
Hern, VP of Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chairman and CEO; Anat
Ashkenazi, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific and Medical Officer; Anne White,
President of Lilly Neuroscience; Jake Van Naarden, CEO of Loxo Oncology at Lilly and President of Lilly
Oncology; Patrik Jonsson, President of Lilly Immunology and Lilly U.S.A.; and Mike Mason, President of
Lilly Diabetes. We're also joined by Lauren Zierke, Kento Ueha and Sara Smith of the Investor Relations
team.

During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on
our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including
those listed on Slide 3. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially is contained in our latest Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment
community. It is not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions.

As we transition to our prepared remarks, a reminder that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP
financial measures.

Now I'll turn the call over to Dave for a summary of our third quarter results.

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Kevin.

Once again, Lilly had a very strong quarter, growing our newest medicines around the world and
continuing to advance significant potential new medicines in the late-stage development while also
building long-term opportunities through early-stage investments in technology and progress in early-
stage programs.

Q3 2021 was also a period where the resilience of our company, our people and collaborators were
tested by the pandemic. And again, they rose to the challenge. I want to personally recognize and thank
my Lilly teammates for delivering such a strong overall performance, innovating to maintain pipeline
velocity, running our plants to meet the rapidly growing demand of medicines and continuing to serve our
customers, whether it be in person or online.

Turning to our strategic deliverables on Slide 4. Q3 revenue grew 18% compared to Q3 2020 or 17% in
constant currency. This performance was driven entirely by volume. Volume growth was 17 percentage
points. When excluding COVID-19 therapies, which includes revenue from COVID-19 antibodies and sales
of Olumiant for the treatment of COVID-19, revenue grew an estimated 11% for the quarter and year-to-
date. Revenue attributable to our newer medicines grew over 35% and now represents nearly 60% of our
core business this quarter, an important indicator for our long-term growth potential.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Our non-GAAP gross margin was 79% in Q3 or 79.3% excluding for the impact of foreign exchange on
international inventories sold. Excluding this FX impact, our gross margin decreased by approximately 60
basis points compared to last year.

Our non-GAAP operating margin was 30.5%, representing an improvement of over 400 basis points
compared to Q3 of last year and over 100 basis points of sequential improvement from Q2 of this year.

We had a number of significant pipeline milestones since our last earnings call in August, including
the FDA approvals for Verzenio in certain people with high-risk early breast cancer and for Jardiance
in collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim in heart failure with reduced ejection fraction; regulatory
submissions for tirzepatide for type 2 diabetes in the U.S., to which we applied a Priority Review Voucher,
as well as the EU; and Jardiance in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction.

We initiated a rolling submission in the U.S. for donanemab in early Alzheimer's disease and had positive
Phase III readouts for lebrikizumab in atopic dermatitis.

We also continue to augment our pipeline with business development opportunities as we continue to
leverage external innovation to build our discovery capabilities with a focus on new modalities at Lilly. In
Q3, we announced a research collaboration and license agreement with Lycia Therapeutics to utilize their
proprietary protein degradation technology.

Finally, on financials, we distributed nearly $800 million to shareholders via the dividend this quarter.

Moving to slides 5 and 6, you'll see a list of key events since our Q2 earnings call, including issuing the
company's first sustainability bond with proceeds allocated toward environmental projects, including
pollution prevention, energy efficiency and renewable energy, as well as social projects to increase access
to essential services and socioeconomic advancement and empowerment.

We announced a series of leadership and organizational changes this quarter. Recent positive data
readouts this year led us to the natural decision to increase our focus on immunology and neuroscience
and to unify the Loxo Oncology and Lilly Oncology organizations. We believe these changes enhance our
ability to execute on a broad range of exciting commercial and pipeline opportunities.

I'd like to welcome Jake Van Naarden to Lilly's Executive Committee and look forward to Anne, Patrik and
Jake continuing their leadership in their new roles. They'll be focused on increasing our competitiveness
in their therapeutic areas and growing our existing medicines while also launching our late-stage pipeline
of new medicines, which could benefit patients across a diverse set of medical conditions. Similarly, I'm
grateful for Ilya's continued leadership and look forward to him leading our growing international business.

Finally, I'd like to thank Chito Zulueta for his impact on our company across more than 3 decades of
his commitment to patients, the development of our industry-leading commercial capabilities and his
relentless focus on execution and mentorship of countless Lilly leaders. Chito, thank you for your service
to our company.

We have a deep leadership bench here at Lilly. They're smart. They're energetic and experienced. And I
know they're as excited as I am to take Lilly to another level in the decade ahead.

Now I'll turn the call over to Anat to review our Q3 results and provide an update on our financial guidance
for 2021.

Anat Ashkenazi
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Dave.

Slides 7 and 8 summarize financial performance in the third quarter and year-to-date. I'll focus my
comments on non-GAAP performance.

Revenue increased 18% this quarter compared to Q3 2020 or 11% excluding the items Dave mentioned
earlier, representing strong momentum for our core business despite the impact of Alimta's OUS patent

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

expiry. We continue to be pleased with the strong volume growth across key brands like Trulicity, Taltz,
Verzenio and Jardiance as our key growth products made up nearly 60% of our core business during the
quarter.

Gross margin as a percent of revenue declined 10 basis points to 79% in Q3. Favorable product mix,
excluding COVID-19 therapies, and a favorable impact from foreign exchange rates on international
inventories sold were more than offset by lower gross margin on COVID-19 therapies.

Total operating expenses grew 8% this quarter compared to the same quarter last year. Marketing,
selling and administrative expenses increased 1%, while R&D expenses increased 17% driven by
significant investments in exciting late-stage pipeline opportunities, including donanemab, pirtobrutinib
and tirzepatide. We also invested approximately $50 million in research and development for COVID-19
therapies in Q3, bringing our total COVID-19 R&D investments to approximately $350 million year-to-
date.

Operating income increased 37% compared to Q3 2020, and operating income as a percent of revenue
was 30.5% for the quarter, an increase of 420 basis points compared to the prior year, with sequential
growth for a second straight quarter. This increase was driven by revenue growth outpacing expense
growth, and we expect continued margin expansion in the fourth quarter.

Other income and expense was expense of $7 million for this quarter compared to income of $10 million in
Q3 2020.

Our effective tax rate was 14.3%, a decrease of 70 basis points compared with the same quarter last
year. The lower effective tax rate in the third quarter of 2021 was driven by a mix of earnings in lower tax
jurisdictions, partially offset by a decrease in net discrete tax benefits compared to the same period in
2020. At the bottom line, we delivered strong growth as earnings per share increased 38% in Q3 2021.

On Slide 9, we quantify the effect of price, rate and volume on revenue growth, and we're encouraged
by the growth seen across the world. This quarter, U.S. revenue grew 26% compared to third quarter of
2020. Adjusting for revenue from COVID-19 therapies, revenue grew 14% in the U.S. This increase, driven
largely by volume, was led by Trulicity, Taltz, Jardiance and Verzenio. The higher net realized price in the
U.S. this quarter was driven by lower utilization in the 340B segment, unfavorable changes to estimates
for rebates and discounts for Trulicity in the third quarter of 2020 and modest list price increases, partially
offset by increased rebates to maintain broad patient access for our medicine.

Our year-to-date U.S. net price decrease of 1% is in line with the low to mid-single-digit guidance we gave
last December, and our full year outlook is consistent with those expectations.

Our 340B limited distribution program began September 2020, and so the fourth quarter of 2021 will
be the first full quarter where its impact will also be included in the base period when calculating year-
over-year price changes in the U.S. Given the increase in variability in payer mix, we continue to expect
quarterly variability in reported U.S. net price changes across our business.

Moving to Europe. Revenue grew 3% in constant currency. Excluding the impact of the first full quarter of
loss of exclusivity for Alimta, revenue grew 16% in constant currency driven primarily by volume growth
for Trulicity, Taltz and Verzenio. We are pleased with the momentum of our business in Europe and expect
continued growth excluding Alimta.

In Japan, revenue decreased 6% in constant currency driven primarily by the decline of post-patent
products. Revenue in Japan continues to be negatively impacted by decreased demand for several
products that have lost market exclusivity, now including Alimta, as well as by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Importantly, our key growth products grew 12% in Q3 in Japan. We expect improved revenue growth in
Japan moving forward based on the uptake of these newer products.

In China, revenue grew 30% in constant currency primarily driven by continued uptake of Tyvyt and
Trulicity. We're excited by the significant growth we're seeing in China with sales of new medicines
continuing to drive growth there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Revenue in the rest of the world increased 16% in constant currency driven primarily by our key growth
products.

At the bottom of the slide is the price, rate and volume effect on revenue for our September year-to-date
results, which shows double-digit growth across all major geographies except Japan.

As shown on Slide 10, our key growth products continue to drive strong worldwide volume growth. These
products drove 15 percentage point of growth this quarter and continue to drive our overall performance
and outlook.

Slide 11 highlights the contributions of our key growth products. In total, these brands generated nearly
$3.9 billion in revenue this quarter and made up 58% of our core business revenue. We are encouraged
by the strength of our key growth products in Q3, collectively up over 35% compared to the same period
in prior year. Trulicity, Verzenio and Jardiance all continue to outgrow their respective classes, and we're
pleased with Taltz's growth driven by increased access.

On Slide 12, we provide an update on capital allocation. In the first 9 months of 2021, we invested $7
billion to drive our future growth through a combination of R&D expenditures, business development
outlays and capital investments. In addition, we returned over $2.3 billion to shareholders in dividends
and have repurchased $500 million in stock. We will continue to fund the growth of our key products and
recent launches, invest in our pipeline, seek external innovation to augment our future growth prospects
and return capital to shareholders.

Turning to our 2021 financial guidance on Slide 13, we're updating our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance.
We're increasing the full year revenue outlook by $200 million at the top end of the range and $400 million
at the lower end of the range to reflect additional COVID-19 antibody revenue and the outlook for our
core business. COVID-19 antibody revenue expectations are roughly $1.3 billion based on the existing
U.S. government purchase agreement for additional doses of etesevimab in Q3 and Q4. The net impact of
these changes is an updated revenue range of $27.2 billion to $27.6 billion, up from the previous range of
$26.8 billion to $27.4 billion.

Our outlook for GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin percent remains unchanged.

For research and development and SG&A, our guidance ranges remain unchanged. As we noted last
quarter, investments in promising R&D opportunities and exciting potential launches are expected to push
us to the top end of our guidance range for operating expenses.

Our reported and non-GAAP operating margin guidance is unchanged. Excluding the impact of COVID-19
antibodies, non-GAAP operating margin remains approximately 31%. Our non-GAAP ranges for other
income and expense and our expected tax rate remain unchanged as well.

On a reported basis, other income and expense is now expected to be expense in the range of $250
million to $150 million, reflecting the impact of the charges associated with the repurchase of debt and net
mark-to-market losses on investments in equity securities in the third quarter of 2021.

The 2021 effective tax rate is now expected to be approximately 11% on a reported basis, reflecting
the tax impact of the charges associated with the repurchase of debt and acquired IP R&D as well as
unfavorable mark-to-market adjustments on investments in equity securities in the third quarter of 2021.

Finally, the non-GAAP range for earnings per share has been raised to $7.95 to $8.05, while the GAAP EPS
is expected to be in the range of $6.38 to $6.48.

At our Investors' Day in December, we will share our initial 2022 guidance.

Today, before I turn the call over to Dan for the R&D update, I'd like to provide a few reminders on the
pushes and pulls across the P&L as you begin thinking about next year.

In Q3, we saw the initial impact of Alimta's OUS patent expiry in Europe and Japan. Next year, we will see
its full year impact as well as the U.S. patent expiry with limited launches from a single generic company
in Q1 before the full launch of generic entrants starting in Q2.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

As for revenue from COVID-19 therapies, we intend to reflect in guidance our expectations related to
signed purchase agreements for COVID-19 antibodies. Currently, we expect minimal revenue from
COVID-19 therapies in 2022, leading to more difficult year-over-year comparisons. As we did this year,
we will provide commentary on our financials excluding the impact of revenue and certain expenses from
COVID-19 therapies to enable a more helpful year-over-year comparison of the performance of our core
business.

Absent major U.S. drug pricing reform, our 2022 and midterm outlook continues to be mid-single-digit
net price erosion in the U.S. and globally as the impact of lower utilization of 340B segment move into
the base [ pace ] period as we enter Q4 2021. We continue to invest in our bright future as we advance
promising R&D opportunities and scale up to support exciting potential launches from our late-stage
pipeline. While these investments may pressure our operating margin in the near term, they are critical to
maximizing pipeline opportunities to help sustain top-tier revenue growth and operating margin expansion
over the mid to long term.

Now I'll turn over the call to Dan to provide an update on our pipeline.

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Thanks, Anat.

Like 2020 before, 2021 continues to be a very productive year for R&D at Lilly. Before I get into the
broader portfolio update, I'll highlight several updates from our late-stage pipeline, starting with
tirzepatide.

We shared detailed results from tirzepatide's SURPASS-4 study at EASD this quarter. SURPASS-4 is
the largest and longest SURPASS trial completed to date, and we were encouraged by the continued
hemoglobin A1c and weight control which participants experienced even past the initial 52-week treatment
period and continuing up to 2 years.

Looking at Slide 14, this shows the change from baseline in hemoglobin A1c over time during the study.
A1c reduction plateaued by roughly 24 weeks and was maintained at 52 weeks and thereafter to 104
weeks across all 3 tirzepatide doses. While in the insulin glargine comparator arm, A1c began to increase
after 52 weeks.

Durability of A1c control is a challenge for type 2 diabetes treatments. While the 104-week data isn't a
definitive answer as to whether tirzepatide could potentially offer even longer-term durable blood glucose
control, these data certainly are encouraging.

Moving to Slide 15. As you can see, weight loss plateaued at approximately 52 weeks and was maintained
thereafter such that in 2 years, weight difference at the highest dose was approximately 15% compared to
insulin glargine.

We've seen in previous incretin therapy trials conducted with GLP-1s a further increased impact on weight
reduction in participants with obesity without type 2 diabetes compared to studies in participants who do
have type 2 diabetes such as this one. It will be interesting to see if this trend also extends to the dual
agonism of tirzepatide, which has demonstrated weight reductions in type 2 diabetes trials beyond what
has been shown by GLP-1s to date. We clearly are excited about the weight loss potential here, and we
believe the data to date bode well for upcoming readouts in obesity, starting with SURMOUNT-1, which
reads out next year.

Tirzepatide represents a new class of medicines, and we're focused on continuing our significant
investment for patients with type 2 diabetes, obesity and related metabolic disorders who may benefit
from tirzepatide.

Moving to Slide 16. Today, we announced the U.S. submission for tirzepatide in type 2 diabetes and that
we used a Priority Review Voucher with the intention of bringing this investigational treatment to patients

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

as quickly as possible. We are delighted at the continued progress for this novel dual agonist, incretin, and
hope to obtain approval in the U.S. by the middle of next year.

Moving to donanemab. We have several important updates for this program. First, in the U.S., we initiated
a rolling BLA submission to the FDA for accelerated approval in early Alzheimer's disease. We intend to
complete the submission in the next few months and expect regulatory action in the second half of 2022.

We've also completed the original planned enrollment of 1,500 participants for TRAILBLAZER-ALZ 2 and,
based on the prespecified 18-month primary end point, expect to have top line results by the middle of
2023. We've added a separate single-arm addendum for safety exposures to TRAILBLAZER-ALZ 2, which
has already enrolled more than 300 patients and is continuing to enroll rapidly. This addendum will provide
us with additional safety data to support the rolling submission.

Moving to TRAILBLAZER-ALZ 3. This is a prevention study for cognitively unimpaired individuals who
already have Alzheimer's brain pathology but don't yet have clinical symptoms. We're excited to report
that we have already initiated screening. This pioneering trial has multiple novel elements to reduce
research subject burden, including the use of our phospho-tau217 blood assay currently in development
to help detect Alzheimer's disease pathology in the patient screening process, video call technology for
assessing cognitive function in the subject's home and a large network of infusion centers that allow
subjects to select the site most convenient to them in a decentralized clinical trial paradigm.

We also announced today our plans to conduct a head-to-head Phase III study comparing donanemab
to aducanumab to assess superiority of brain amyloid plaque clearance in early symptomatic Alzheimer's
disease. The co-primary end points will evaluate complete amyloid plaque clearance as measured by
florbetapir F 18 PET scan and will assess superiority on brain amyloid plaque clearance in the total
population and also the intermediate tau subpopulation. This study, TRAILBLAZER-ALZ 4, is expected to
begin enrollment this year, and we expect to share primary end point data in the second half of 2022.

We're encouraged with the progress we've made with donanemab and with its potential to positively
impact patients with high unmet medical need. We have, of course, followed progress in the Alzheimer's
disease landscape since our last call and are watching closely as CMS' National Coverage Determination
process plays out.

We're committed to facing the challenges of effectively communicating donanemab's clinical data and
value proposition and to ensuring that the diagnostic and patient management ecosystems are adequately
well prepared. Given the current environment, we think it's reasonable to have modest expectations for
the scale of patient impact for anti-amyloid therapies available under accelerated approval prior to the
readout of their definitive Phase III data.

Assuming potential accelerated approval for donanemab in the second half of 2022, our expected
TRAILBLAZER-ALZ 2 Phase III readout by mid-2023 would follow quickly, meaning the window of
accelerated approval without definitive Phase III data is likely to be brief. Assuming positive Phase III
results, we should be confident in the mid- and long-term opportunity for donanemab if approved.

Moving on to Verzenio. In line with the expectations I outlined last quarter, we were pleased with
Verzenio's recent FDA approval as the first and only CDK4/6 inhibitor in combination with endocrine
therapy for adult patients with HR+, HER2-, node-positive early breast cancer, who are at high risk of
recurrence with a Ki-67 index of greater than or equal to 20%, as detected by an FDA-approved test.

This approval in the adjuvant setting represents the first new addition to endocrine therapy in adjuvant
treatment of HR+, HER2- breast cancer in nearly 2 decades. We are delighted to bring this important, new
treatment option to patients.

Also, we recently shared updated data from the entire monarchE study at the ESMO Virtual Plenary
meeting and copublished these data in the Annals of Oncology. These data, which reflect additional
follow-ups since our last public presentation, highlight the robustness of the effect size we're seeing for
Verzenio in the adjuvant setting. Notably, with a median follow-up of 27 months, we were pleased to
see both IDFS and DRFS benefit extend beyond the 2-year study treatment period. These data are not
only important for patients but also to help dispel concerns that the curves would come back together

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

over time. We're clearly observing -- we've clearly observed continued separation of the curves, if not
expanding separation.

Since the adjuvant approval 2 weeks ago, there have been questions regarding why the FDA approval
applied only to a subset of the study population. As previously communicated, overall survival was a
secondary outcome measure for the monarchE study and an important component of the FDA's review.
While we do not typically publish immature overall survival data, we feel it's valuable to address these
important questions about the difference between the enrolled study population and the approved
indication.

As a result, while the overall survival data remain immature, we do plan to publish the OS data from the
additional follow-up analysis with cutoff of April 1, 2021, in a medical journal in the coming days. These
data will show what we have observed thus far for overall survival trends in the ITT population compared
to the approved population. We'll continue to follow patients in the ITT population for more mature overall
survival data. If a positive OS trend emerges in the ITT population, we plan to work with regulators to
expand our adjuvant indication.

Importantly, the collective results from Verzenio's clinical development program have demonstrated a
differentiated CDK4/6 inhibitor profile, and we look forward to continued investment in Verzenio for breast
and prostate cancer and are excited about the opportunity to serve more patients.

Slide 17 shows select pipeline opportunities as of October 22, and Slide 18 shows potential key events for
the year. There have been several important developments since our last earnings call, and I'll cover these
by therapeutic area.

In oncology, in addition to the exciting news for Verzenio, we continue our investment in pirtobrutinib's
Phase III program with an additional study starting chronic lymphocytic leukemia, including fixed-duration
pirtobrutinib plus venetoclax and rituximab in relapsed or refractory patients.

We plan to start a study in first-line treatment compared to bendamustine plus rituximab before year-end.
We prioritized this first-line study rather than the head-to-head study evaluating superiority compared to
ibrutinib as we think this first-line study could provide a faster pathway to bring pirtobrutinib to patients in
the first-line setting. We expect the head-to-head ibrutinib CLL study to start in the first half of 2022.

We look forward to sharing an updated dataset from the Phase I/II BRUIN study at a medical meeting
later this year. We plan to provide a regulatory update for pirtobrutinib at our Investor Day in December.

Imlunestrant, our oral SERD, also moved into Phase III with the start of its monotherapy study compared
to exemestane or fulvestrant.

Finally, we also publicly identified and presented preclinical characterization for 2 new agents at the
molecular targets meeting this month: LOXO-783, which is a highly mutant-selective allosteric PI3K alpha
inhibitor; and LOXO-435, which is a highly isoform-selective FGFR3 inhibitor. We look forward to filing
INDs for both programs in 2022 and subsequently moving them into the clinic.

In diabetes, in addition to the tirzepatide update, we obtained U.S. approval for Jardiance and HFrEF,
presented detailed results from the EMPEROR-Preserved study at the European Society of Cardiology and
submitted for HFpEF in the U.S. and Europe. We're excited about the opportunity Jardiance has to improve
outcomes for patients across type 2 diabetes, heart failure and chronic kidney disease.

We also started Phase II studies for our GLP-1 nonpeptide agonist in collaboration with Chugai in type 2
diabetes and in obesity and look forward to sharing some Phase I data from this molecule in December.

In immunology, we were delighted to have multiple positive Phase III readouts for lebrikizumab in atopic
dermatitis and look forward to the readout of the maintenance data from the ADvocate 1 and 2 studies in
the first half of next year, ahead of global submissions expected by the end of 2022.

We're pleased with our progress in immunology this year with positive Phase III readouts for mirikizumab
and lebrikizumab and look forward to sharing more about our next generation of early-phase immunology
assets in December.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

In neurodegeneration, our anti-tau antibody, zagotenemab, recently concluded its Phase II study in early
symptomatic Alzheimer's. Zagotenemab failed to meet the primary end point and was unable to modulate
tau spread in the brain. The placebo population progressed as expected.

While this negative outcome was disappointing and we're discontinuing development for zagotenemab, we
remain committed to tau as a high-conviction target in Alzheimer's disease and plan to continue studying
tau biology, including inhibition of tau aggregation with a small-molecule OGA inhibitor currently in the
clinic.

In the pain therapeutic area, in collaboration with Pfizer, we discontinued the global clinical development
program for tanezumab following receipt of a Complete Response Letter from the FDA for tanezumab in
osteoarthritis pain and a negative opinion adopted by the CHMP.

And finally, the FDA expanded the Emergency Use Authorization for bamlanivimab and etesevimab
administered together to include post-exposure prophylaxis in certain individuals for the prevention of
SARS-CoV-2 infection.

To recap, Q3 was another positive quarter for R&D at Lilly, continuing the positive momentum we've seen
with a steady stream of significant pipeline advancements over the last couple of years as we move closer
towards our goal of delivering more first or best-in-class treatment options to patients in areas of unmet
need.

Now I'll turn the call back to Dave for some closing remarks.

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Okay. Thanks, Dan. Before we go to Q&A, let me sum up the progress we've made during the quarter.

We have seen continued strength in our core business through the first 9 months of the year with double-
digit, volume-driven revenue growth, net of COVID-19 therapies, and strong performance across key
brands. We're pleased to see sequential and year-over-year operating margin expansion as well as strong
non-GAAP earnings growth.

We have made significant progress developing new medicines, and Q3 was another important quarter
for our pipeline as we announced the submission of tirzepatide in type 2 diabetes, the initiation of a
rolling submission for donanemab in the U.S. for early Alzheimer's disease, key life cycle approvals, and
submissions for Verzenio and Jardiance and positive Phase III readouts for lebrikizumab.

We returned nearly $800 million to shareholders through dividends in Q3, reflecting confidence in the
ongoing strength of our business.

As we move toward the close of 2021, we are confident in our long-term growth prospects. While the past
year has seen tremendous advances in our late-stage pipeline, at our Investor Day in December, we look
forward to sharing information with you regarding the next generation of assets that we believe will enable
us to sustain the flow of innovative medicines to patients and augment our future growth prospects.

Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to moderate the Q&A session.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Dave. [Operator Instructions] Lois, please provide the instructions for the Q&A session, and then
we're ready for the first caller.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Chris Schott.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I guess the first one from me is just on some of the 2022 comments. I know you're not giving formal
guidance yet. But should we be thinking about margin expansion next year from the, I guess, roughly
30%-or-so margins that are implied in this year's guidance? I'm just trying to get my hands around
how meaningful of a step-up in OpEx we should be thinking about supporting these major new launches
coming next year.

And the second one was just one related to BIIB's rollout of Aduhelm. It's obviously been a challenging
launch. Are there learnings here or just changes about how you're thinking about your go-to-market
strategy for donanemab? And I know, Dan, you made some of those comments in the remarks, but should
we be thinking about much in the way of revenue at all for donanemab and, I guess, in that window
between when it's approved and prior to TRAILBLAZER-2? I'm trying to get a sense of, again, just as you
look at what's happened there, has there been surprises or changes in your thinking on the market?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Chris. We'll go to Anat for the first question on 2022 margin expansion and then to Anne on
thoughts about the uptake and outlook for donanemab.

Anat Ashkenazi
Senior VP & CFO

Great. Thanks. So for 2022, we will provide further details and guidance in a -- in December, so not too far
from now, and we'll provide additional clarity on how we view the year and what investments and pushes
and pulls we have going into next year.

As you think about our margin expansion and the goals we've set out and we've communicated in terms
of getting to mid- to high 30s in terms of margin expansion, we still have a clear line of sight to get there,
and that's still our goal. They'll be -- but it's not a linear growth. So there'll be years that are going to be
stronger years, or we're going to be making specific targeted investments. And as you've seen us do this
year with donanemab, when we have strong convictions in a pipeline asset or when we're preparing to
launch very promising opportunities and products, we will invest behind them. So think about this as still
growing to mid- to high 30s but not necessarily in a linear fashion but in line with investments we would
need to make.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Anat. Anne?

Anne E. White
Senior VP & President of Lilly Neuroscience

Well, as Dan stated and as our competitor has shared they've experienced, there clearly is work to
do to ensure that the diagnostic and the patient ecosystems are prepared for these medicines. And
until there is definitive Phase III data, we do believe that we should really expect modest use of these
medicines. Now fortunately, as Dan said, for donanemab, this confirmatory data comes quickly in mid-'23
for TRAILBLAZER-ALZ 2. And so this will be the opportunity to really help patients on a more significant
scale.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Now some of the opportunities here. Certainly, pursuing accelerated approval is really important both to
provide early access but also to let us begin addressing some of these infrastructure challenges ahead
of the Phase III data. We need to build out the diagnostic ecosystem, particularly PET scans and blood
tests. We need to make sure that there's adequate infusion capacity. And then very importantly, we need
to ensure that there's reimbursements so that the appropriate patients can have access to donanemab. So
these are going to be our areas of focus now through our Phase III window. We're confident in our ability
to address these infrastructure challenges over time.

And I would say by clearing plaque faster and deeper, we believe that as well as identifying the right
patients, we've optimized the chances for showing compelling benefits in the Phase III, which, as we've
said, is what was going to show significant uptake in the class. We continue to see the same opportunity
for donanemab in the mid to long term once these challenges are addressed and the confirmatory data is
available.

Operator

The next caller is Geoff Meacham from Bank of America.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Securities, Research Division

I had 2 on Alzheimer's, probably for Dan. For donanemab, would you expect completion of the rolling
submission by the end of this year? And is there a regulatory threshold you need to hit in terms of the
safety exposure? I'm just trying to think of the number of patients that you have to get exposed to.

And then for zagotenemab, what are the next steps here? Is it moving to another anti-tau asset
altogether? Or do you want to optimize monotherapy zagotenemab or maybe even move forward in
combination with donanemab?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Geoff. Dan?

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Great. Thanks, Geoff, for 2 good questions. The first is just on the timing of the completion of the
donanemab rolling submission. I think you can assume we chose our words carefully here in the call
prepared remarks on the timing. You're sort of driving at like what's the regulatory hurdle with respect to
safety exposures. You're right, that's the key gating factor on timing. You've heard we've enrolled a lot of
patients in the clinical trials, including patients in a safety addendum. So we're extremely confident we'll
reach that safety exposure hurdle.

I guess looking forward, there's probably 2 risks or question marks. One is just around the timing of
exactly when do databases get locked in and data get cleaned and submitted to the FDA. So that's why
we're a little vague on timing here. I think the second one, of course, that we don't know and won't know
until all that data is in is what does the safety data actually show. And so the assumption here, of course,
is that they continue to be consistent with what we've seen in Phase II. So if those things work out, then I
think that will be the opportunity to talk a little more specifically about the data.

With respect to zagotenemab, look, I think we have here a very potent anti-tau antibody designed
against what we believe is an important species of aggregated tau delivered at relatively high doses for
any monoclonal antibody, and we were unable to slow the spread of tau progression in the brain. So
at present, I don't see a path forward for this antibody, and I would be reluctant to invest in really any
anti-tau antibody given what we've seen here. Tau is still a great target. It's just hard to hit it with a
monoclonal antibody, I think, given that most of the tau that we care about is inside of cells.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

And the next caller is Louise Chen from Cantor.

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

So my first question is, how are you preparing for the launch of donanemab and tirzepatide next year?
And how should we think about the costs associated with that launch?

And then second question I had for you is, do you think it's the National Coverage Determination or the
price of Aduhelm that is keeping doctors on the sidelines?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks. We'll go to Anat for the question on just launch prep and the overall cost for both tirzepatide and
donanemab, how we think about that going into next year. And then we'll go to Anne for the question
around the NCD and Aduhelm.

Anat Ashkenazi
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. So as we're preparing to launch both these medicines, obviously one is in an area where we have
significant commercial footprint, manufacturing scale-up capabilities. And the other one is an area we're
currently building. So we're investing in advancing both of these efforts forward, preparing for a potential
launch of tirzepatide mid-next year and then a regulatory decision on donanemab at the second half of
next year. Those will be factored into the guidance that we will provide on December 15 as we go into next
year. But rest assured we're building the commercial footprint that we needed to launch these effectively
and leveraging the existing footprint we have as well.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Anat. Anne?

Anne E. White
Senior VP & President of Lilly Neuroscience

Well, it's a good question that you've asked, and I do think there's a number of things that are a challenge
here. I think as you look at donanemab, what's incredibly important is that we had a positive Phase II
study that clearly met its primary end point, showing cognitive benefits for donanemab. As well, we were
able to share that we had limited-duration dosing to plaque clearance. And so we believe that this is going
to be important for the decisions that physicians and payers make. So I believe the donanemab data is
incredibly strong, and then, as I said, following quickly the Phase III confirmatory data, which I think is
important. And all of this published in the New England Journal of Medicine. So as we're talking to thought
leaders and physicians, I do believe that they see the strength of the data that we brought forward in
donanemab. And I think that's been a challenge that they've had with some of the competitive space. So I
do think that data is one thing on their minds.

I think as well, the NCD is playing a role. Obviously, that will be resolved before we launch. And we'll be
ready for any of the potential outcomes there and have been working closely with them along the way to
make sure that they understand the donanemab data, particularly the rapid clearing of plaques as well as
the limited-duration dosing that offers, we think, benefit to them as well.

So it's been a good conversation with them so far. We really look forward to seeing what they have to say
-- CMS has to say in January, and then launching with this strong dataset, as Dan said, in the second half
of next year.

Operator

The next caller is Tim Anderson from Wolfe Research.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

I have a couple of questions on the pending NCD by CMS. So 2 questions. First, it's commonly said that
this upcoming decision will pertain to the whole ADA class. I struggle to see how that can realistically be
the case because that decision will be made on only one company's mixed Phase III data, and there are
still other really important informative Phase III datasets that are on the come. So wouldn't the NCD,
whatever it is initially, potentially be revised later and CMS has more information from these additional
trials?

And then second, if this is indeed a decision that pertains to the whole class, then presumably Lilly has
a view on what will happen in January. So do you expect CMS will say that Aduhelm and the class more
broadly should be covered in a way that will be commercially meaningful? One can envision that there
could be lots of restrictions that might, in fact, limit the commercial market opportunity.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Tim. We'll go to Anne for those questions on the NCD process.

Anne E. White
Senior VP & President of Lilly Neuroscience

Well, thanks. Good questions on the process with the NCD.

So CMS has been clear that the NCD, as they're running the process, is to cover the class. Now as I
said, we are actively participating in the process, including we provided oral comments in July and
additional written comments in August. And we, and I'm sure others as well, have been meeting with CMS
throughout the process to share our specific data and ensure that the differences in these medicines are
understood. And so we've asked them really to evaluate each drug based on their own data. And this is,
I think, as I said, particularly important considering that there are some differences between these. We
shared the data later in the year subsequent to the original readout that the degree of donanemab plaque
clearance relates to clinical benefit, which I know is very important to CMS in this decision, as well as the
limited-duration dosing. So we really look forward to seeing what they have to say in January and what
that readout will look like.

We do acknowledge there's a lot of skepticism in the national discussion. And so we do really hope and
we're -- will continue to influence that we think each drug should be evaluated by CMS, by payers and
prescribers on their own data. It is possible that the NCD will narrow for the patients most likely to
benefit. That's a possibility out of this. But that's really aligned with the goals that we've had in our clinical
trial designs, which has long been to use the diagnostic tools to make sure that the right patients are
getting treatment. So we'll look forward to the readout in January. We'll continue to stay very engaged
in this. And yes, I believe as additional data comes out, our data and others in the class, that this will
continue to influence the process.

Operator

The next question comes from Andrew Baum from Citi.

Andrew Simon Baum
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

The noise coming out of Washington suggests that the Peters' bill, some of the components of that, are
gaining traction and some of the more worrying component of price negotiations seem to be more and
more limited. I just wonder if you could share any thoughts on what you think, just take the Peter's
proposal on out-of-pocket caps could mean to Lilly and the pharma in terms of increased volume without
catastrophic coverage changes.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

And then second, could you comment on whether you're seeing neutralization of donanemab by the
antibody -- drug antibodies that you see with prolonged usage? And is this one of the factors which is
contributing to the finite treatment duration? Or is neutralization simply not a concern here?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Andrew. We'll go to Dave for the first question and Dan for the second.

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Andrew, for the question. Obviously, there's a lot of talking and discussing going on in
Washington about how to make medicines more affordable. I think we've been pretty consistent in our
view that both as Lilly, and I can -- I think I can speak for the industry here, we are for progress. We are
not for the status quo.

And the centerpiece of almost every part of legislation being discussed, which is, I think, good news for
seniors, is some reform to the Part D benefit. That is certainly highlighted in representative Peters' bill.
It's in H.R. 19. It was in the Grassley-Wyden effort. It's, I'm sure, in the Senate Finance effort now. And I
think that's good news.

The contours of that are all kind of different. But the general idea is that industry would pay additional
costs into the system, that, that would reduce monthly out-of-pocket costs both below and above the
catastrophic phase, cap catastrophic costs as well as eliminate the donut hole. I think we're basically for
all those things, and we think that's a good set of initiatives.

Where the debate sort of kicks in is around how to pay for that or whether pay from some the industry
should go to other health care priorities. And of course, we have clear positions on that.

One piece of Peters' bill we don't like is the retroactive CPI cap. I think that's punitive and unfair. It also
is disproportionate on some types of medicines versus others. So I think the industry is aligned. We don't
care for that. Although in general, the idea of a CPI regulator on forward price increases is something
people have gotten used to talking about.

And then the thing we do put our foot down and firmly oppose and why we're so against HR 3 and other
efforts is taking money out of the pharmaceutical industry for other priorities. Isn't drug pricing a big
enough problem? Why don't we take the money out of the pharmaceutical industry and give it to patients
who want to buy our medicines? And that's a position we've had for a long time.

I think it's going to be a busy week, into next week probably negotiating out this package, but we're
hopeful that some of these messages are resonating and we could land with a Part D reform and modest
impact on the industry so we can keep innovating for the future.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dave. Dan?

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Yes, thanks, Andrew, for the question on antidrug antibodies or ADAs. We do see ADAs with donanemab.
They arise pretty early in treatment. There is no connection, though, with ADAs and our decision on fixed-
duration dosing. The reason for that is because the doses that we're using are so much higher than the
level of antidrug antibodies that we don't see an effect in our clinical trials at these doses of the ADAs on
PK or, importantly, on PD, which is the plaque clearance effect of donanemab. So no connection there.

Operator

The next caller is Seamus Fernandez from Guggenheim Securities.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Seamus Christopher Fernandez
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

So maybe first on the performance of Verzenio in the quarter and then your conviction that this market
can accelerate moving forward now with the Ki-67 approval. We're hearing good things from physicians,
but it just doesn't seem to be reflected in the opportunity that I think we all see ahead for Verzenio.

And then as a separate question, I'm sure Mike Mason is tracking the opportunity in obesity very closely.
Just wondering what feedback is on the types of patients that are going on to Wegovy at this point and
how Lilly is thinking about the opportunity in obesity given the attempted acceleration of the launch of
tirzepatide with the PRV. And obviously, that's in diabetes but just wondering when we might see a full
launch in obesity given all the trials.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Seamus. We'll go to Jake for the question on Verzenio and then Mike for the question on
tirzepatide.

Jacob S. Van Naarden
Senior VP & President of Lilly Oncology

Thanks, Seamus. So just starting with Verzenio's performance in the quarter. As you probably remember,
we had some stocking that happened in the channel in second quarter. And so part of what happened this
quarter is just a modest work-down of that inventory.

I think the fundamentals of where we stand in the metastatic setting continue to look really strong. I
like where we are in terms of NBRx share hovering around 30%. Hopefully, we can continue to grow
that. I think that we still haven't seen the entire class of CDK4/6 inhibitors return to pre-COVID levels of
prescriptions. And so that's an -- obviously an important lever for growth going forward, probably levered
to things like mammogram volumes and other types of preventative care measures that get patients
diagnosed and into doctors' offices. But we continue to grow our share of NBRx within the market.

Turning to adjuvant. Obviously, we're very excited about launching this medicine for men and women
with early breast cancer, specifically Ki-67 high patients. It's a real opportunity. As I think you've probably
heard us say before, it's about 8,000 to 10,000 patients. It's obviously a smaller opportunity than the
entire study population that we enrolled in monarchE. And as you know, we'll be looking -- again, next
year will be the next analysis of survival to potentially expand to that broader population should OS trend
in the direction that we and FDA want to see to do that. But we have a great opportunity ahead of us. I
think certainly, it's growth from where we stand today. It's a brand-new indication of real size in terms of
both patient numbers and duration.

In many ways, that -- realizing that is also linked to the prior comments I made about patients returning
to the doctor for preventative care to get diagnosed at levels hopefully that return to pre-COVID, and
we don't need that, obviously, to make headway going into next year. But I think for the long term, it's
important for patients to make sure they get into the physician's office to get diagnosed.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Jake. Mike?

Michael B. Mason
Senior VP & President of Lilly Diabetes

First of all, you're 100% right. We're looking very closely at the obesity opportunity for tirzepatide. We're
very excited about just the weight loss that we saw in the type 2 diabetes patients, up to 14% weight loss,
and the potential of that being even higher in the obesity population. Obviously, just a massive unmet
need. 110 million Americans live with obesity. Only about 3% of them are treated with some type of anti-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

obesity medication. So we think the opportunity is huge to really help people who live with chronic weight
management issues.

Now with our program, we have 4 trials in our SURMOUNT obesity registration program. Our first obesity
trial will read out next year, our SURMOUNT-1. We're very excited to see that. That should happen in mid-
next year. And then SURMOUNT-2, 3 and 4, we'll get the data. Those trials are on track to wrap up in '23.
And then -- so when you look at our obesity submission and approval, it looks like our approval in 2024 is
the most likely outcome if everything goes well, as we expect, in our SURMOUNT program.

So very excited about Wegovy's launch. I think they've done a nice job. I think not a surprise to
us. We thought that what was holding back the current market was just the current products in the
marketplace just didn't have clinically meaningful enough weight loss. We thought if we had products on
the marketplace that had clinically meaningful weight loss and those products were able to show good
clinical outcomes -- overall medical outcomes for those who live with obesity, that physicians would write it
and payers would provide access for it. So it's not going to develop overnight, but we're very encouraged
by the early launch of Wegovy and just very excited about tirzepatide's opportunity.

Operator

The next caller is Umer Raffat from Evercore.

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Dan, I was very intrigued about the donanemab versus aducanumab head-to-head trial. And my question
really was, I understand the primary end points on amyloid plaque, but will the trial be able to gauge
clinical efficacy on end points like CDR Sum of the Boxes? I asked because my understanding it's an open-
label trial.

And then secondly, I feel like there's been a fair amount of investor debate and perhaps confusion on what
exactly is Lilly messaging on the Innovent PD-1 launch in U.S. And the sort of debate rages anywhere
from Lilly will be a dominant player or not so much. So just so we're all on the same page, I guess
what are you guys expecting? And do you expect it to be a meaningful PD-1 in the U.S. market? And if
you could speak to your thoughts on whether data generated in Chinese patients would be a relevant
commercial consideration for U.S. oncologists or not.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Umer. We'll go to Dan for the first question and Jake for the second.

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Yes. Thanks, Umer. Your question is whether the donanemab versus aducanumab trial -- head-to-head
trial will be powered to measure clinical efficacy outcomes. They will not be. It is a small and a shorter
trial, so we won't be able to draw conclusions about that. But I'd point out that if we believe that plaque
lowering is the appropriate surrogate, and that question will certainly be answered in the next year to 18
months as we get data from a number of Phase III plaque-lowering drugs -- so if it turns out that plaque
lowering is an appropriate surrogate for predicting clinical efficacy, then I think that the degree and speed
of plaque lowering could be the basis of comparison across different Alzheimer's drugs in the same way
that surrogates in oncology are used to compare different drugs in a class, knowing that the long-term
outcome trials would have to be extremely large and long duration powered for clinical outcomes.

I also sort of point out that we're expecting here to have a -- in the scenario where we're really
excited about this, we're expecting to have a positive Phase III trial for donanemab, which in itself is a
differentiator, I think, from current competitors. So the head-to-head on efficacy against Aduhelm may not
actually be relevant.

Kevin Hern

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dan. Jake?

Jacob S. Van Naarden
Senior VP & President of Lilly Oncology

Thanks for the question. So sintilimab, the PD-1 inhibitor from Innovent, we brought into the company
in terms of ex China rights, explicitly with the intent to use pricing as a lever to disrupt the U.S. market,
starting with the United States and potentially moving to Europe as well. And as we've said publicly over
the past couple of months, the intent there is really through price predominantly versus other mechanisms
such as rebating, et cetera.

There are certain customers out there, certain practices and care models for which this is going to be an
attractive tool for lowering costs to their system. And unfortunately, for the way the system is designed
today, there are going to be many channels for which a lower-priced option actually isn't appealing. And so
as you -- your question was about whether or not we intend to be a dominant player. It's hard for me to
say that with any degree of assertion today. We will be focusing initially on the segments for which this is
an attractive option given the way that their payer dynamics work. And today, that's not a majority by any
stretch. But that will be our focus out of the gate should sintilimab be approved.

On -- to your second question about whether or not the data package that's been generated for the agent
will have issues with prescribers in the United States, our market research to date suggests this won't be
an issue. But obviously, we haven't launched the product yet. We haven't gotten approved yet. So I can't
say that with certainty. But our market research suggests it won't be an issue.

But really, in front of us initially is just getting the drug approved. And I think as you know, that's
something we hope for in the early part of next year. But the drug will be subject to an advisory
committee, and we await the details of what that will cover.

Operator

The next caller is Ronny Gal from Bernstein.

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Two of those, first staying with Umer's points around sintilimab in the U.S. And it's a 2 -- essentially 2-
part on this one. First, any comments about FDA change in policy in using China-only patient population
as basis of permission in the United States? We've heard some things in conferences that suggest there
might be some change there.

And second, on the same point, you've kind of talked about price as the dominant note here. I guess the
question is more around your thinking process. Pharma has struggled for a long time in commercializing
low-cost products and innovative products at the same company. If PD-1 should have a low-cost option,
why not tau? Why not lebrikizumab? Why should those not follow a deep discounting strategy given the
clinical profile versus other products in the same class?

And second question, given the recent impact of interchangeable Lantus, can you discuss a little bit how
the insulin -- the fast-acting insulin market is different? Assuming we will see interchangeable products
there, how do the features of the market differ? And would that also be a market which is more amenable
to adopting an interchangeable insulin?

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Ronny. We'll go to Dave for those first couple of questions around low-cost entrants and FDA
policy. And then we'll go to Mike for the question on the interchangeability of Lantus and how that can
essentially read through the fast-acting insulin.

David A. Ricks
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Chairman, CEO & President

Sure, happy to. Maybe before we go to me on FDA, Jake, do you have any comments on the FDA
comments on China data?

Jacob S. Van Naarden
Senior VP & President of Lilly Oncology

Yes, I think it's a good observation. I think we've observed the same thing. The tone from D.C. does seem
to have changed a bit over the past 18 months on this topic. So I think we're hearing and reading in some
ways probably the same things that you guys are. We don't have a lot more information than that, and so
we await again the regulatory decision from FDA as to the acceptability of the package.

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

As it relates, Ronny, to the broader question about why not more sort of like everyday low-price kind of
strategies in the main and pharmaceuticals, I mean, I think a couple of things come to mind here. First,
I think in oncology in particular, it is infeasible quite often to run comparative studies. And so once an
incumbent is established, it's very difficult to displace that incumbent. Maybe the one narrow exception
might be what Jake highlighted with sintilimab where you could have a more price-sensitive segment. And
here, we have analogous data from a different country that was conducted in a time gap that was prior to
other PD-1s being approved in that setting. And so that presents an opportunistic play.

We have, of course, also pursued this in insulin, and Mike can comment on that in a second. But basically,
our launch to the 30% discount to the other insulin, glargine, we've pursued our own low-cost authorized
generic of Humalog, now reducing the price to effectively 70% off the original brand.

But here again, it illustrates the point Jake was making, is that even in the retail side, it's not universally
adopted. Today, the half-price form of Humalog and the third off-price of insulin glargine that we provide
have minority market shares. And that's a little bit counterintuitive, but, of course, we all know the
incentives of the supply chain, which do tend to favor higher-list-price products. And that's, I think, where
that shows up.

Finally, you asked why don't we pursue this for our whole portfolio. Well, I think the overriding thought for
our portfolio is often to create differentiated datasets. And one thing different from sintilimab, different
from Basaglar and authorized generic Humalog is that those aren't differentiated datasets. So they're
more or less interchangeable.

So when we create a new medicine, we're seeking to create something better. And in the main, that's
how the system is set up. And that favors typically an introductory price that's similar to other innovative
competitors, and then rebating and discounting to the channel to get formulary access and use. And that
remains our main strategy.

Of course, if there was some big policy shift that flattened gross to net or reduced somehow the incentives
of the intermediaries, we'd take a look at that. I think our goal would be to deliver lower-cost points to
consumers if we could. Right now, mostly, the system rewards something else, and that's how we are
forward planning for the portfolio that Dan was talking about. Maybe Mike has any final comments on
insulin and interchangeability.

Michael B. Mason
Senior VP & President of Lilly Diabetes

Yes. Thanks, Dave. First of all, when we look at Semglee, it's only interchangeable with the reference
product, which is Lantus, not Basaglar. So we do think it's going to have more of an impact on Lantus
versus Basaglar. And when you look at the mealtime segments, that first reference product will be insulin
aspart, not lispro.

Now I think you also have to take a look at kind of the Semglee's interchangeable biosimilar. I think many
stakeholders in Washington believe that Semglee interchangeable insulin would launch at a significant

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

discounted price. Now that hasn't been the case. The net impact of Semglee's interchangeable launch
is actually the introduction of a higher-priced presentation, not a lower-priced presentation. The new
presentation is priced at $269 a vial versus $99 a vial, the original Semglee, which is a 273% increase.

So I think what you're not going to see, at least what we haven't seen in the insulin biosimilar space is
that Semglee interchangeable will really disrupt the basal insulin market. Rather, what it'll do is allow it
to compete in kind of the traditional health care system that we know have gaps which we talked about
earlier, which we've been trying to fill with our Insulin Value Program, with the Senior Savings Model.

When you look at and kind of pivot to the mealtime insulin market, mealtime insulins are a bit more
complicated. They require more presentations than what you see with a basal insulin, so premixes. Our
human insulins are also included on the contracting. So I think the mealtime insulin is a little bit different
than what you see on the basal insulin.

But what we've seen to date is that given Semglee's -- our price point on interchangeability, we don't
think it's going to be really disruptive to the system but more work within the current system, which we
feel that we can strongly defend. At the end of the day, I think to reiterate Dave's point, I think it's better
when we're focused on improvements. And with our Connected Care launch with BIIB with our weekly
basal insulin, I think we're focused on really driving innovation and better patient outcomes.

Operator

The next caller is Kerry Holford from Berenberg.

Kerry Ann Holford
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

Two questions from me on the generic, please. Firstly, on price. The increase in demand this quarter,
we said, will be partially offset by lower realized prices. Now [indiscernible] in Q2, where you detailed
those higher realized prices. So can you guys just talk a bit more about the dynamics and whether that
influenced in any way the upcoming adjuvant launch?

And then secondly, on the adjuvant situation. And Novartis has commented on their call earlier today that
the FDA has stated to them the submission based on the idea of [indiscernible] will be submission as long
as there's no detrimental effect on OS. So now I think [indiscernible] to your experience, perhaps there'd
be more relaxed approach in the FDA [indiscernible] that had been set out [ or if there's any effects ]. I'm
just curious as to why you think that might be. Anything that you can give there.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Kerry, you were kind of breaking in and out, but I think these are for Jake. And the first question,
Jake, if you didn't catch it, was about quarter-on-quarter revenue and whether that was affected by
pricing in the CDK4/6 market or rather the stocking point you made earlier. And then I think the second
point was about IDFS versus OS in the FDA's sort of policy. I don't know if you got all that.

Jacob S. Van Naarden
Senior VP & President of Lilly Oncology

Yes, thanks. On the first point, yes, I mean, the sequential quarters was really mostly related to the
inventory stocking and destocking point that I made earlier. We haven't seen a ton of fluctuation in price.

On your comment about adjuvant, I can't comment on the back and forth that Novartis had with FDA. I
just am obviously not privy to that. Though from what you -- the framing of your question, that actually
doesn't sound particularly different than the conversation that we've had with the agency.

As Dan mentioned in his prepared remarks, we've, of course, as you can imagine, gotten a fair number of
questions from folks around the nature of the approval in the subgroup versus the enrolled population of
monarchE, and we'll be publishing in the coming days the actual OS or overall survival data that were part
of the regulatory submission. You'll see what those trends look like in both the intent-to-treat population

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

as well as the approved subset. And again, trends in one direction or another, that you'll be able to
interpret for yourself. But I don't -- from what I can hear, I don't think the Novartis feedback from the
agency is all that different from what we've received.

Operator

The next question is from Vamil Divan from Mizuho Securities.

Vamil Kishore Divan
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Maybe just a couple of other topics that haven't been discussed as much. So one on Emgality. It feels like
the CGRP sort of market has been impacted by COVID more than some others. Maybe if you could just
sort of give us a sense of the dynamics you're seeing there. And have you seen any impact from the orals
that have -- orals CGRPs that have entered for prevention? Has that had any role on Emgality or on the
class in the last few months?

And then the second one just on the JAK side. Obviously, a lot of focus on the FDA sort of updates on that
space. I'm curious if you have any updated timing around when you expect a new kind of final updated
label for Olumiant in RA and/or a decision on the atopic dermatitis applications.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Vamil. We'll go to Anne for the question on Emgality and Patrik for the question on Olumiant.

Anne E. White
Senior VP & President of Lilly Neuroscience

Great. Well, thanks for the question on Emgality. So at present, what we've seen is the total migraine
prescription market has seen growth, but it's driven primarily by the total acute new patient starts and
additional concomitant use.

With the injectable class, I do think that we're still experiencing headwinds from the pandemic and
increased competition in the prevention space overall. We do see some variability of this across the
market. Some OUS markets are returning really to pre-COVID growth levels. And while we've seen
improvement in the volume of new patient starts, the CGRP mAb class in the U.S. is still about 13% below
where we were with the start of the pandemic. So -- and with the new competition and then appropriate
treatment for acute and prevention, we're seeing that the market should continue to grow as patients
reengage in the system.

And on your question on oral impact, I think it's still a bit early to -- early days in the launches to see
how this has impacted the space in this way. So we'll watch that carefully. I think our belief is that with
so many patients and so much unmet need, the opportunity for these medicines, particularly the mAbs,
remains significant. And obviously, in the end, it comes down to what's best for that patient and how we
get them to their migraine-free days, and that's one place that we think -- we believe Emgality has an
advantage.

So we'll continue to watch this space. We continue to believe in the efficacy that Emgality brings to the
market. And so you'll see us continue to push forward in supporting the product.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Anne. Patrik?

Patrik Jonsson
Senior VP, Chief Customer Officer, President of Lilly USA & President of Lilly Immunology

Well, thank you very much. In terms of the question related to rheumatoid arthritis, the FDA has
requested changes to the box warning for all JAK inhibitors to include serious heart-related events, cancer,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

blood clots and death. And we believe in light of that, it's most likely that the JAKs will be placed after the
biologics, also the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. And that's pretty much where Olumiant is currently
placed in the U.S. So we don't see any major impact on Olumiant driven by this change.

When we move to atopic dermatitis, we know that the FDA meets the PDUFA due to the ongoing
assessment of the JAK inhibitors. And we believe also here, it's most likely that the JAK inhibitors will
end up being placed after the biologics. Despite that, we also recognize that atopic dermatitis is a very
heterogeneous disease and our clinicians have a use for more tools in their toolbox. But that's what we
believe is most likely moving forward. And we would expect some regulatory actions prior to the end of
this year.

Operator

The next caller is Carter Gould from Barclays.

Carter Lewis Gould
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe first for Dan, just coming back to the head-to-head study. I don't think I've heard you say yet
kind of the time period in which you're going to be measuring these reductions in amyloid. I believe you
did give up sort of second half '22 kind of time line for reading out that result. But should we be thinking
about that as like a 3-month or 6-month time point? Or it's just sort of the number of patients that get to
below the lower limit of detection over some period.

And then maybe for Jake on the SERD class. I know you guys have expressed some cautiousness on kind
of the role of SERDs in the treatment paradigm in the past. We started to see some of the later-stage data
sort of roll out from some of your competitors. I wanted to get your latest thoughts there. And if we might
start to see some of the -- your SERD combination data from the original EMBER study before year-end.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Carter. We'll go to Dan for the first question on the donanemab head to head and then Jake for
SERD.

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Yes. Thanks for your question, Carter. I think you're appropriately pointing out that actually both things
matter in terms of plaque clearance, how fast you clear the plaques and also how deep you clear the
plaques. I think in the fullness of time, when we have Phase III readouts from multiple drugs that look
at efficacy, I predict those will be 2 important predictive factors in how well a drug helps patients, is how
quickly and how deeply it clears plaques.

I think we have significant advantages there in both aspects with donanemab. So you can be sure we'll be
looking at both of those things and reporting that out, as I said, in the back half of next year.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Dan. Jake?

Jacob S. Van Naarden
Senior VP & President of Lilly Oncology

Yes. Thanks for the questions about the oral SERD program. We're looking forward to seeing the Radius/
Menarini data at San Antonio, as I'm sure you are. That study is a little interesting in that it was very
heavily enriched for ESR1 mutated tumors. And so we're interested in seeing the degree to which the
effect size observed in the study was really driven by that enriched subgroup, where you would expect an
outsized effect size versus a drug like fulvestrant versus in the non-ESR1 mutant patients. I think that,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

that question has meaningful read-through as to the overall value of the class. If it's really just limited or
driven by the ESR1 mutants, I think that's a very different proposition than a true all-comer effect size.

As it relates to the combination data of ours, that -- those are data we'll probably present next year.

Operator

The next question is from Steve Scala from Cowen.

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I have a couple of questions. First, is it not possible for Lilly to file tirzepatide for obesity in 2022 on
just the SURMOUNT-1 trial with supporting weight loss data from the diabetes trials? Other follow-
on indications for other drugs have been approved on one study, and SURMOUNT-1 is a trial of 2,400
patients, so it's a big trial.

Second question, are you planning to use blood-based biomarkers, such as P-tau217, as companion
diagnostics with the -- or within the non-MF filing. And I think you have used the Quanterix diagnostic in
the TRAILBLAZER trial, so wondering if that's part of the filing.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Steve. We'll go to Mike for the question on tirzepatide and then Dan for the question on the P-tau
assay and the submission of donanemab. Mike?

Michael B. Mason
Senior VP & President of Lilly Diabetes

Yes, Steve, good question. We -- in our discussions with the FDA, we've agreed upon 4 trials for the
SURMOUNT program that make up our submission for the obesity indication for tirzepatide. As I said
earlier, those will read out -- SURMOUNT-1 will read out next year. SURMOUNT-2, 3 and 4 will read out in
'23, and we'll submit and expect approval in '24. Based on conversations with the FDA when we set our
development program, that's the current plan.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Mike. Dan?

Daniel M. Skovronsky
Senior VP, Chief Scientific Officer & President of Lilly Research Labs

Thanks, Steve. Good question on sort of companion diagnostics and their role in FDA approval of
Alzheimer's drug. So I think based on what we've seen with adu, our sort of base case expectation here
is that the FDA is operating under an assumption that standard of care now for Alzheimer's disease, if
you are diagnosing a patient for Alzheimer's, should include biomarker confirmation of disease. So for
that reason, my guess is that they won't be -- biomarkers won't be included in prescribing information as
companion diagnostics. I would take the opposite position probably with payers where I think they are
likely to be required for reimbursement for these medicines, but that has to be worked out.

So those assumptions I just laid out sort of underlie our thinking about how P-tau or Amyvid or any other
biomarkers, CSF A beta, will be incorporated into labels, probably not; and into practice, probably yes.
And so we're proceeding accordingly to make sure that P-tau217 as well as other biomarkers can be
widely available around the same time as we launched donanemab so that it can be incorporated into
standards of clinical practice as a biomarker for detecting Alzheimer's pathology and triaging patients to
therapy.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

The next caller is from Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley.

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Can you hear me?

Operator

Yes.

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Oh, yes. Okay. Great. I was just wondering if you could comment on lebrikizumab and your sort of views
on the AD market. And in particular, now that you've seen the OX40 data from Amgen/KK, if that has any
impact on how you think about the longer-term potential of that market.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Matthew. We'll go to you, Patrik, for the question on lebrikizumab.

Patrik Jonsson
Senior VP, Chief Customer Officer, President of Lilly USA & President of Lilly Immunology

Well, thank you very much for the question. We are very encouraged by the induction that of
lebrikizumab, where we saw more than 50% of patients treated with lebrikizumab achieving an EASI
of 75. And we also met all the key secondary end points. And we actually believe that we have an
opportunity here to launch a best-in-class IL-13. And currently, we are looking forward to the 52 weeks
data during the first half of 2022 and a potential submission in the second half of next year.

When it comes to the Amgen data, it doesn't change our outlook for lebri. As I shared, we believe we have
a best-in-class IL-13, and we also believe that we have a very competitive asset with the market leader.
And this in a market that we know there is a big unmet need and the biologic penetration is still very low,
and we know that there is a need for many more medications and particularly with a heterogeneous need
in the marketplace.

Kevin Hern
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Patrik. Matthew, thanks for your questions. We'll wrap up our Q&A, go to Dave for a close.

David A. Ricks
Chairman, CEO & President

Great. Thanks, Kevin. We appreciate your participation in today's earnings call and your interest in
our company. We continue to grow our broad commercial portfolio with strong momentum in our core
business, supported by many key brands and accelerating classes. This is complemented by a compelling
pipeline with industry-leading opportunities. And we remain focused on bringing new medicines to patients
and creating value for all of our stakeholders.

Thanks again for dialing in. And please follow up with Investor Relations if you have any questions we did
not address on the call. And hope you have a great day.

Operator
Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your
participation and for using AT&T TeleConference service. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

ELI LILLY AND COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

