Emerson Electric Co. NYSE:EMR
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 21, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

EPS 
Normalized 

0.75

0.89

18.67

0.67

2.95

3.31

-

Revenue  (mm)

4246.19

4162.00

(1.98 %)

3884.75

16743.64

17292.91

22000.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-21-2020 1:45 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.94

1.07

0.67

0.75

0.94

1.07

0.67

0.89

0.00 %

0.00 %

0.00 %

18.67 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

19

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Frank J. Dellaquila
Senior EVP & CFO

Michael H. Train
President & Chairman of
Automation Solutions

Pete Lilly
Director of Investor Relations

Robert T. Sharp
Executive President of Commercial
& Residential Solutions

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson
Automation Solutions

ANALYSTS

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Robert Paul McCarthy
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the call. I'd like to turn the call over to Pete Lilly, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Pete Lilly
Director of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you and welcome everyone to Emerson's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. I hope everyone is staying safe and healthy.

Today, I am joined by David Farr, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Frank Dellaquila, Senior Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Mike Train, Emerson President; Lal Karsanbhai,

Executive President of Automation Solutions; Bob Sharp; Executive President of Commercial & Residential
Solutions. And we're also joined by a special guest, President of Professional Tools business in Europe; Mr.
Tim Reeves, who is unfortunately still stuck in the United States.

And before we begin, I'll turn it over to Mr. David Farr for some opening remarks.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Thank you very much, Pete. And I want to welcome everyone here. For your information, we are sitting in
my conference room, properly spread out. And we have been operating. Emerson's been open throughout
this whole process. We made the decision as OCE on March 10, when I came back from a conference in
New York. When I was presenting at JPMorgan, I was the only CEO who showed up, and so I made the
decision with the OCE to stay open. We have the OCE here every day. We're properly spread out, as you
guys know, in this office complex.

We also have about 15 other executives throughout the floor. We get together on an ongoing basis to
make sure we're making decisions, constantly making decisions. We shut the rest of salaried workforce
down and sent them home, they're working from home. But it was -- I felt it was very important with this
crisis that we were here live and we can make quick decisions and deal with the issues very, very quickly,
both from a structural standpoint but also from a competitive standpoint, to look at opportunities to keep
winning as a company.

The opening slide I want to share with you. Honeywell has been involved with making masks. They have
a plant running up in Rhode Island. They have a new plant coming up in Arizona. We work very closely
with Honeywell. Darius and I actually talked several times on this issue to make sure they got equipment.
We reallocated. Branson makes welding equipment that makes the masks around the world and testing
equipment. And so this is currently the facility in Rhode Island we took a picture of, with our equipment
and the Honeywell mask.

And we've -- this is where CEOs around the world, what I call frenemies, work very closely together to
get things done for the nation, for the world. And I just want to make comments to that because this
is a situation where Honeywell and I are working together to do something right for America and not
necessarily beating up on something else.

So I want to turn it back over to Pete. But again, here, we're sitting here, we're properly spread out. Tim
is holding my Rally Monkey and my Stan Musial bat and making sure that it doesn't get coronavirus.

So with that, Pete, it's all yours.

Pete Lilly
Director of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Thank you, Dave. As usual, I encourage everyone to please follow along the slide presentation, which is
available on our website.

Moving to Slide 4 with the results of the quarter. Underlying sales growth was well below expectations,
down 7% driven by the dramatic drop in global demand as the COVID-19 pandemic quickly spread in
March. Trailing 3-month orders were down 3%, also reflective of the decaying demand environment but
indicating some modest backlog buildup. GAAP earnings per share were flat, and adjusted earnings per
share were up 7% to $0.89 driven primarily by lower stock compensation costs due to a lower stock price
and aggressive restructuring actions started in Q3 of last year starting to take effect.

Despite lower sales, both platforms executed well on profitability, exceeding their adjusted EBIT and
adjusted EBITDA peak margin plans for the quarter due to previously initiated and ongoing restructuring
actions. Automation Solutions' underlying sales were down 8%, and trailing 3-month orders were down
1%, also well below initial expectations due to the pandemic demand environment taking shape in March.
Commercial & Residential Solutions' underlying sales and orders were both down 5%.

Cash flow performance was solid in the quarter with operating cash flow of $588 million and free
cash flow of $477 million, up 10% and 15%, respectively. The business returned over $1.1 billion to
shareholders, including over $800 million in share repurchases and over $300 million in dividends. Lastly,
the company continued to -- continued and built upon its aggressive cost reset plan, initiating $40 million
of restructuring actions in the quarter.

Turning to Slide 5. We'll cover the P&L. Second quarter gross margin was flat at 42.1% as favorable
price-cost and cost-containment actions offset the declining revenues. SG&A as a percent of sales
decreased 130 basis points, reflective of the drop in stock compensation costs due to a lower share price.
Adjusted EBIT and adjusted EBITDA margins, which exclude restructuring and related costs, increased
240 basis points and 300 basis points, respectively. These improvements primarily reflected lower stock
compensation cost combined with aggressive cost-containment actions taking effect. Overall, the company
continued to execute on peak margin plans which were laid out at our February investor conference, in
addition to responding quickly with additional actions as sales deteriorated in March and the economic
outlook for the remainder of the year became increasingly challenging.

Now turning to Slide 6. Geographically, we saw broad-based weakness unfold in the quarter, but
particularly in China and the U.S., down 8% and over 20%, respectively. Europe, which finished down 2%,
showed strength early in the quarter which was quickly thwarted in March as the virus rapidly spread and
most countries closed their borders.

Please turn to Slide 7. Total segment adjusted EBIT margin increased 50 basis points to 17.6%,
reflecting the aggressive cost-control measures and strong operational execution as sales declined. Stock
compensation cost decreased $97 million as the stock price moved dramatically lower in the quarter. Q2
cash flow performance was solid. Operating cash flow increased by 10% to $588 million, and free cash
flow increased by 15% to $477 million, representing 91% conversion. Trade working capital ended higher
as a percentage of sales as ending inventory increased due to the sharp drop in demand in March.

Turning to Slide 8. We will bridge second quarter EPS. Working from our 2019 adjusted EPS of $0.83, you
see that nonoperating tailwinds totaled $0.14, led by lower stock compensation due to a lower share price.
Operations declined $0.10, reflective of the volume declines due to COVID-19, while share repurchases
and lower interest cost delivered $0.02. Adjusted EPS finished at $0.89. In summary, nonoperating
tailwinds were largely offset by the effect of COVID-19 on operations. Importantly, total segment adjusted
EBIT increased by 50 basis points, and total segment adjusted EBITDA increased by 120 basis points,
reflecting just 9% deleverage on $400 million of lower sales versus prior year.

Now we will review the business platforms. Turning to Slide 10. Automation Solutions' underlying sales
finished down 8% for the quarter as sharp declines in oil and gas more than offset some growth in life
sciences and food and beverage. The U.S. dropped 12% while China was down sharply over 20%. Trailing
3-month underlying orders were down 1%, driven by the early quarter relative strength of the longer-
cycle businesses, Final Control and Systems, which grew 3% and 7%, respectively. Of note, backlog grew
by 3% to nearly $5.1 billion on a sequential basis compared to the last quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

The platform delivered strong profitability in a very challenging demand environment. Adjusted EBIT and
adjusted EBITDA margins were up 50 basis points and 130 basis points, respectively, reflecting aggressive
cost actions taking effect. Restructuring actions totaled $29 million across the platform, which brought the
total to $112 million for the first half of the year.

Turning to Slide 11. Commercial & Residential Solutions' underlying sales were down 5%, also reflective
of the deteriorating demand environment with COVID-19. North America dropped low single digits while
Europe dropped 1% as modest momentum in the heat pump business was more than offset by declines in
the Tool business. Asia, Middle East and Africa were down 15%, driven by China, which was down sharply
over 30%. Trailing 3-month underlying orders were down 5% as each of the HVAC, Cold Chain and Tools
businesses were down mid-single digits. Asia orders dropped 14%, driven by China, which dropped over
25%.

Commercial & Residential Solutions also delivered strong profitability with adjusted EBIT and adjusted
EBITDA up 40 basis points and 90 basis points, respectively. This outcome was driven primarily by
aggressive cost control, cost actions and favorable price-cost dynamics. For the quarter, restructuring
actions totaled $9 million, which brought the total figure to $19 million for the first half.

Turning to Slide 13. We will review the updated guidance. The speed and breadth of the impact of
the COVID-19 outbreak has been truly unprecedented. As such, we see a very challenging demand
environment, certainly for the remainder of the fiscal year and into the first half of next year. Additionally,
we assume that oil prices will stabilize in the $20 to $30 range per barrel. Later in the call, management
will elaborate on our outlook in detail, but here is the summary.

Based on conversations with customers, government officials, internal analysis and comparison to previous
downturns, we now expect underlying sales to be down 9% to 7% and net sales to be down 11% to 9%
for the year. Due to the deteriorating demand environment, we have increased restructuring spend to be
approximately $280 million, with approximately $230 million come from -- coming from the Automation
Solutions platform and $45 million coming from the Commercial & Residential Solutions platform.

We now expect adjusted EPS in the range of $3 to $3.20, a reduction of approximately 16% at the
midpoint. We expect operating cash flow to come in at approximately $2.75 billion, and CapEx spending
expectations have been decreased by $100 million to $550 million, resulting in a free cash flow target
of approximately $2.2 billion. Lastly, our share repurchase program for the year is now complete at
approximately $950 million.

Please turn to Slide 14, which bridges our updated 2020 adjusted EPS guidance. The starting point for the
bridge is 2019 GAAP EPS of $3.71. Walking across, we have 2019 adjusted EPS of $3.69, which excludes
$0.14 of favorable discrete tax items and adds back $0.12 of restructuring. Now walking across from
$3.69, we expect a total of $0.11 of headwinds this year for FX, stock comp and pension. Operational
headwinds have dramatically increased. We have reduced our full year sales plan by approximately $1.8
billion from prior year, resulting in a $0.50 -- $0.57 headwind. We expect $0.09 of EPS from interest and
share repurchase tailwinds. This gets us to a full year adjusted EPS midpoint of $3.10.

Of note, since the major portfolio transformation of 2015 to 2016, Emerson has averaged 42% to 43% of
full year estimate EPS by the end of the first half. This year, our first half adjusted EPS totals $1.56, which
is approximately 50% of the full year EPS guidance, well ahead of normal pace.

Please turn to Slide 15, which lays out our third quarter 2020 guidance. The underlying sales outlook
for the quarter is dramatically negative, reflecting near-term challenges and an elongated recovery in
industrial markets from the COVID-19 lockdown, combined with low oil prices and associated spending
reductions. Underlying sales is expected to be down 16% to 13%. We expect adjusted EPS of $0.60, plus
or minus $0.04, which excludes roughly $100 million of planned restructuring actions in the quarter. We
see total segment adjusted EBIT in the 15% to 15.5% range and adjusted EBITDA in the 20% to 20.5%
range, reflective of aggressive cost control measures somewhat offsetting the reduction in volume.

And now please turn to Slide 17. I will hand the call over to Mr. Frank Dellaquila and Mr. Mike Train to
discuss liquidity and operations.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Frank J. Dellaquila
Senior EVP & CFO

Good morning, everybody. We wanted to spend just a few minutes here on liquidity to dispel any
concerns anyone has. We're in really good shape, we believe. We never take this for granted. We're never
complacent, but we believe we're in very, very strong position as we enter the downturn here. We have
the capacity to fund all of our internal needs and our dividend despite the fact that we, as you just saw,
expect reduced operating cash flow over the next several quarters. We have a modest amount of leverage
even in the downturn. It will be less than 2x debt-to-EBITDA at year-end on this plan. 65% of our total
debt is term debt. And as a result, we have very good liquidity in our capital structure.

I'm looking here at Slide 17, just walking down those points. At March 31, we had $2.6 billion in cash.
More than half of that is available on a same-day, or at most, next-day notice. So we're in very, very good
shape if there should be a market disruption. And we also have a $3.5 billion revolver which is not drawn,
and it's committed through April of 2023. We also have the right to extend it under the current terms and
there are no financial covenants in the revolver. So all in all, as we look at our ability to fund our needs
short term and longer term, we feel like we're in very good shape.

If you please turn to Slide 18. When we begin to -- when we began to see this coming in mid-February,
we started to extend maturities in the CP program. At first, that was difficult because the market was
somewhat roiled. It improved when the Fed stepped in and announced a couple of programs to indirectly
and directly support the commercial paper market. And as a result, over the last 1.5 months, we've been
able to extend the CP maturities from about 20 days out to 45 days. And including that -- included in that,
we built a $1 billion cash buffer here in the United States, which we will revisit as we go through time
here. And if we get comfortable that things are improving, we'll start to work that down. But for now, we
think it's prudent to have that on the balance sheet just in case that there should be a downward turn in
market conditions.

We're also evaluating the issuance of term debt. Credit spreads gapped out pretty significantly at the
beginning of the -- of this crisis. They've come in quite a bit since then and all-in cost for term debt for
investment-grade companies are pretty attractive. So we are obviously looking at that now with a view
toward injecting more liquidity into the capital structure. So you can see there on Chart 18, how the
maturity profile of the CP plays out.

And then finally, on Chart 19, we've always maintained a very conservative debt ladder, always been very
conscious of spreading out maturities. So you can see that we have a lot of places there where, if we
choose to issue term debt over the next month or so here, we can do that in size and still have a very
conservative debt ladder as we hit the open spots between the towers that we have there.

So again, in sum, I think we're in very, very good shape regarding liquidity. We're going to watch it very
closely, but we feel pretty good about our ability to do everything we need to do as we go through this
downturn.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Thank you. I asked Frank to talk to the shareholders this morning about this issue. Frank and his team, I
have to give tremendous kudos to accomplishing what they've done. They came to us in early February,
long -- and basically saying we need to start taking action. Frank also worked very closely with the
Finance Committee, the Chairman and several other members of the Finance Committee who are very
knowledgeable of what's going on in the marketplace, and they structured this very well at the time.

We also had several executives -- we had an Executive Board meeting to discuss this issue and other
actions. And then we -- also, last week, we pulled up our Board meeting and had a 4-hour Board
meeting with the Board. And then yesterday, we had the Audit Committee meeting. So we're trying
to communicate to our Board to get their inputs. But most importantly, as I look at this, liquidity, the
financial structure, the ability to finance this company in the times like this are very, very crucial. And
Frank and his team have done an outstanding job with that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Before Mike has a comment about the battles he's been fighting around the world, I want to remind people
on part -- Chart 20 for the new sell-side or investors out there. Emerson's had a very global regional
strategy since back -- since the day I started running the company as the CEO back in 2000. We've had
this strategy where we look at the world on Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific. We go from manufacturing,
engineering, supply chain, customer sales and support service. And we look at ways -- I call it the tic-tac-
toe chart. We look at ways that we could serve the global marketplaces out of 1 or 2 and maybe even 3 of
the regional areas. This has been one of our strategies from day 1.

I also want to thank the Audit Committee and the work that some -- our Head of Audit, Lisa Flavin, who
runs audit for us here inside, worked on our enterprise risk strategy which analyzes this chart and making
sure that it works. And it has worked as we've gone through this strategy. We first tested it clearly in
February and early March with the China shutdown. And we've tested it again.

Now we -- there are issues we will deal with when we get out of this. But from my perspective, this whole
regional strategy, one you hear now, even the President of the United States talk about, is something
that's been very effective for this company relative to serving our customers. And I want to make sure
people remember that we have this. We will fine-tune this a little bit when we come out of this because I
see some different issues in today's world. But this is a living document that we've obviously adjusted over
the years, including when we had too much concentration in China. About 8 years ago, and many of you
know that I started making moves with the team to move some production out of China and diversify it
more around the world. But again, I want to thank Frank and the work of the Finance Committee and then
also want to thank the global operations. And I'll have more comments on this in a second.

Before I turn it over to Mike, when we got the OCE together in early March, we formed many, many task
force led by the OCE. It wasn't that one throat to choke here. We had everyone involved. And one of the
things that Mike stood up to do is dealing with the international markets, the international governments
and making sure that we can keep our facilities open, both from a manufacturing standpoint and a sales
and -- sales, operations and supply chain. And Mike has extremely broad and deep knowledge of the
international markets. He's been working for pretty much his whole life here at Emerson. And so Mike has
been leading this battle with the operating leaders at the same time, taking care of this battle.

So Mike, I'm turning it over to you. And update the shareholders on how we see it right now.

Michael H. Train
President & Chairman of Automation Solutions

Yes, David, thank you. A pleasure to be with you here today. Just on that Chart 20, before we leave that,
I think Emerson's critical nature of the work we do and being able to be responsive and resilient in each of
these regions is really, really important.

So let's go to Chart 21. If you recall last time we were together was our Investor Meeting on February 13.
Our China operations were just getting restarted after a government mandate to be closed for 2 weeks.
Early days were a bit rugged as suppliers took some time to get cleared to restart, and there was quite a
challenge on intra-province and international logistics. This has significantly improved in the past month
as we've seen our China business starting to come back in a stronger way. And I know Lal and Bob will
provide some insights on that in a moment.

As the coronavirus began to make its way around the world, we saw challenges to our operational
capability imposed by governments as they implemented various forms of stay home, shelter in place and
lockdown orders. Emerson provides critical infrastructure products and essential services. And with great
effort, we've been able to gain government recognition and designation.

China led to the South Korea and Italy impacts, which then moved along to France and Russia, Middle East
and the Americas. It's been a highly dynamic environment, and I must give our global Emerson team, who
are likely listening into today's call, a big thank you for their collective efforts in working with customers,
suppliers and governments to keep these critical industries running, running when it's needed most.

In the last weeks of March and early April, we saw a multitude of states in the U.S. and multiple countries
around the world implement these orders. We saw tens of thousands of our own employees leap into a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

work-from-home mode. And it's been amazing to watch the Emerson team deal with a sudden new reality
and come through in every aspect. Not great timing from the end of a quarter perspective, but our plants
on balance stayed up and running and we did our best to deliver to customers.

As we sit here today, we're still working some major issues. The India lockdown, which was recently
extended to May 3, has proven exceptionally challenging as logistics and the ability to operate were shut
down practically overnight. And we've worked now to get all of our plants designated critical and up and
running to some extent. Things are now moving in the right direction, but we have several weeks to go
before we really get back to a solid place. We have worked closely with the government officials there, and
I appreciate their engagement.

In Europe, we went through some rough times in Italy, but things are much improved now. We're still
working through some supplier issues and community sentiment in Europe. But again, directionally, things
are going the right way.

In the Americas, U.S.A. has been incredibly interesting to navigate. I need to highlight the guidance that
the Department of Homeland Security issued on critical infrastructure and essential services. And with a
few exceptions, our states and cities have aligned on this guidance.

Right now, I'm spending my time on Mexico, where there is still significant efforts to manage the virus.
And I'm working to get alignment on critical infrastructure guidance, both within Mexico and in concert
with the U.S. and Canada.

David, a lot of detail here for investors, but hopefully, this gives them a good snapshot of how the world's
dealing with the virus and climbing its way back. I know we have some China conversation coming up,
which may be important in thinking through how things play out over the next few quarters.

Again, to my Emerson colleagues, thanks for the tremendous effort and collaboration, really important
as we keep food, medicines, energy, electricity, medical goods, everything else we touch, flowing to our
communities.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Well, Mike, I want to thank you very much for this issue. This is not easy. This is 24 hours a day, 7 days
a week, day in and day out. Over the weekend, you and I were talking a lot. You were talking to various
people, dealing with political leaders at all levels to make sure they understand the importance of this and
then working very closely with -- hands-in-hands with operations.

I also want to make a call out to Steve Pelch and the organization relative to the work they've done on
safety and all the task force that we've rolled out with help of Bob and Lal and the other team around the
world, knowing what's going on. Every day, we get reports around the world of what's happening with
employees, if any of them have contracted a coronavirus, anyone has become -- tested positive, who's
being isolated. Steve has organized this right now. He is now in the process, working with the HR teams
and the global manufacturing teams, to get to how do we come back out of this on a measured way, in a
safe way? How do we come back out of this operation and get everyone back to work and back into the
buildings that we have from a salary standpoint and support our global manufacturing and technology?

But Mike, in this area here, this is something that we've never had to realize before where we've had to
work governments at the highest level. This is where having those relationships that all of us have, and
everybody at this level, and also retired executives at Emerson have, that really come home and help us in
times like this.

But for the people out there, before I go into it, I want to make other comments. As you can imagine,
we are fighting a global pandemic war. And given the CEO that runs this company, you guys know me
pretty well, I firmly believe that leaders need to be at the front. We don't need to be hiding in bunkers or
hiding at home. Leaders need to be at the front and fighting the war and winning this war. And I want to
make sure that special recognition goes to the Board, who's been working with us very closely with special

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

meetings; the OCE; the senior executives; and all the world area people that have been engaged and are
working this -- on the daily issues.

It's amazing what comes up on a daily basis, but being together allows us to walk down the hall, properly
stay apart from each other, other than every once in a while, maybe screaming at somebody. So they're a
little too close. But it's important that we have this eyeball-to-eyeball contact to deal with the issues. But
again, the Board accelerated a Board meeting, they accelerated the review of the numbers, and the Audit
Committee approved the numbers yesterday. And we will be filing our Q hopefully by Friday, at the latest
on Monday.

Also, very important to all the employees around the world and customers is communications. And every
one of us, myself and Bob and Lal and Steve and Mike, we've all had videos. I'm doing another set of
videos today, as is Bob, I believe. We've had notes, we've had letters, and we've communicated constantly
to our employees so they know what's going on. It's important that they're not too worried about this
because we are clearly in a war and we've got to keep fighting this.

So from my perspective also, I want to make one other comment. You'll see on the slide here. In a
conversation I had with the Executive Board a couple of weeks ago, we made the decision at the OCE level
that we -- at the Board level, the OCE, we took a 15% base salary cut effective April 1, which is now in
place. We went to the next senior level, executive levels, pretty high level all the way out, down to 10%
(sic) [ down 10% ]. And then the rest of the global people involved on our bonus programs are -- took a
cut of 5%.

But you're going to see cutbacks, you're going to see furloughs. There's a lot of things that are going to
be happening here. We've pushed out all salary increases for 12 months. So it's a rolling process that
people like me, who would normally get my salary increase in November time period, that will not happen
in November of 2020. I won't get one until 2021, which most likely means I'll get nothing because I will be
retiring. So be it.

On Chart 23, I want to give you a sense of the orders. Now keep in mind -- I know people are wondering,
how did Emerson only have negative 3% in the quarter? Well, the real impact started in the last 2.5
weeks in March. We as a company talked to you all in February at the meeting in New York, around $100
million, and then we raised it a couple of weeks later to about $150 million. Then what happened as the
world started engaging, we saw the impact in the second half of March. So overall, we are only down 3%,
Automation Solutions only down 1%. But if you look at Bob's 5%, he basically is in line. He's a book and
ship company. He was pretty well in line with his orders and sales for the quarter.

So what this chart shows you, though, is clearly what we see now is a pretty strong drop-off in the months
of April, May and June and July. And you're going to see orders that are now going to start bouncing in the
negative 10%, negative 20%. And I know Lal and Bob will give you some color on this, but that's what
we'll be facing right now. Because historically, you would see that negative 3% and say, "Oh, Emerson will
be okay in the third quarter." That's not the case. It started dropping. But that -- so I want to give you
an understanding of why the orders held up. We're doing well from the standpoint of what's going on in
the economy, but it's still going to start dropping down. And hence, the very weak third quarter that Pete
outlined with you earlier.

As you look at the underlying sales growth, as the OCE and we held WebExes around the world with all our
key leaders around the world over the last several weeks, in fact, the last 45 days, as we lived together
here, we now see a pretty strong downturn here in the third quarter and also in the fourth quarter. We see
this as a 4- to 6-quarter reduction. This is on Chart 24. And at that point in time, we're structuring our
costs accordingly. This is not going to be a quick bang up, bang down, bang up. No, it's not. It's going to
take time.

Now if you look at the '21 numbers, those are directional only. We think that we're going to have the first
half, will be negative and then it'll start turning back up. The question will be how fast the governments
open up certain parts of the world, how fast the government stimulus comes into play, how fast do some
of our customers come into play.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

We are now modeling what we think is going to be the '21, '22, '23, for both our internal standpoint as
we see more and more inputs every day coming in from the customers, every day coming in from around
the world. As you look at this, we're looking at a pretty strong negative third quarter, down 14% online
growth, plus or minus probably 2 points. Third quarter, which we'll talk about, Lal will talk further about,
minus 10%, plus or minus 3 points. So -- and then you see some negative growth as we move into the
first half of next year.

So we're hunkering down into a very, very challenging 2020 and a challenging first half of '21. And hence,
the work that the operations and also corporate's done relative to cost. And as I look at what's going on
right now and we're in this pandemic war, we basically look at the situations of what -- we're evaluating
everything. What we really need, what -- or I'm evaluating the organization, which ones are rising to
these challenges, which ones have the right stuff and which ones are bunkering.

And so all these things are very, very important to me as we go in and spend our time every day here in
the office. And since there's no golf going on, I basically spent 10 hours a day at the office and I go home
and walk for about at 1.5 hours every night with my wife and then I start thinking about things and I get
back to the office. So a lot of time in Emerson right now as I think through with this team, most of the
team and talk about what's happening.

If you look at the aggressive cost actions that we started last year, and that's what's really helped us.
As you saw the close both at Lal's Business and Bob's business, if you think about what we did versus
our guidance, our sales dropped in the second quarter $340 million, the deleverage is only 15%. That's
tremendous. And you'll see Bob and Lal will give you a little bit more detail on that.

Versus last year, if I look at -- from the second quarter standpoint, we dropped $408 million and we only
deleveraged 9%. And that was fundamentally because of the work that Bob did last year early on, and
then also the work that Lal did in the second half of calendar year 2019. So that really paid off.

Cash flow. The guys around the world did a great job, but now earnings are dropping and we're looking at
a much tougher cash flow in the second half. We still will generate strong cash flow, but not at the same
level because earnings are dropping.

We clearly, right now, as you look at the analysis on our cash flow in the first half, we are now starting
to liquidate our balance sheet, which is not unusual for Emerson. We're very, very good at managing our
cash flow. Hence, we generate strong cash flow in the first half of the year. But as we liquidate the balance
sheet in the second half of the year, the toughest of it will be inventory because inventory -- the volume
has dropped dramatically right now. And then what will happen to us as we go into '21, we'll start and
have to add the balance sheet as we start growing the company again sometime in late '21.

Restructuring has truly helped us. Both at the corporate level, I talked to you about the cutbacks we're
taking across the world on salaries, on cutbacks and delays in salary increases; but also our bonuses will
be -- was significantly reduced. We are not going to 0 bonus. We've cut them back significantly. We'll
be setting targets around margins and cash. And this is very important right now as we go through this
positioning, how to protect and maintain those margins and how to generate cash. And that's something
that we're working on right now as a corporation, and I'll work with the full comp committee and the full
Board.

We're also accelerating restructuring. We had a major restructuring program underway already. In
2020, we were going to spend $215 million. It's now up to $280 million. Both businesses are using this
opportunity to really evaluate, okay, how do we set the cost structure even stronger for us going forward,
looking at layers, looking at organizations? And what do we really need to do relative to the organization
to make sure we win but also have the right cost structure and so we go through this tough time period?

We don't know exactly how things are going to go, but we have a good sense. I mean this team has been
around a long time. As you know, I've been at Emerson for 40 years. If I went around this room and
asked how many years these senior executives in this room have been, these guys are well into the 20s,
into the 30s. So they know -- we know what's going on. We have very strong indications on what we've

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

seen before and what we see today. So we're really looking at keeping the costs in line and making sure
we stay aggressive.

One of the things we've done over the years, as you well know, is we've continued to diversify the
company. Today, 80% of our -- we have non-oil and gas end markets. So oil and gas markets, clearly,
upstream oil and gas, the pipelines and terminals. Even pipelines and terminals right now, it's a
questionable market. Some of the terminals are actually growing. They're investing in terminals because
they're storing oil. But typically, we're down to basically 20%, driven by this oil, gas fluctuation. Our rest
of the business, we've continued to diversify on. And both Lal and Bob will talk a little bit about this, but
we clearly have a different mix today, and you'll see it here in a few minutes. And Bob has a very broad
diversification around some key industries. And so it makes it a little bit different than we've had in the
past.

Yes, we're going to get hurt by oil and gas investments when 20% of the company is around that
upstream oil and gas, but you're also going to quickly see that we have a very strong KOB 3 business here
in this marketplace. So the market is not going to 0. We are going to support these organizations, and
you'll see the numbers, they're quite significant investments we've made over the last 10 years in our
service organization and penetration in the aftermarket, and Lal will talk about that.

One of the other things is, clearly, North America. In North America, we obviously do very well. We have
a very strong position in oil and gas. However, we also continue to diversify ourself against -- away from
this marketplace, and still support it. We're not walking away from it, we just have other businesses that
-- and from the standpoint of pharmaceutical, medical, chemical, whatever industries. Power. So if you
look at where we see today, you think about percentage of automation sales, this year, we're going to be
in 10% to 12% in oil and gas in North America. It's not going to go away. It's not going to go to 0. You
can see last year, it was $900 million upstream. This year, we're looking around $750 million. I guarantee
you, the majority of that will be KOB 3 aftermarket business to keep the facilities safe and running and
producing.

If you look back at the last industrial recession, we're well over $1 billion. It dropped a little bit upstream,
but it didn't go away. We don't have the numbers relative to the '08, '09 numbers, but you can see that it
was a little bit higher percentage at that point in time.

So we have continued to diversify. We have continued to work on our aftermarket business. And what I
really want to do for the guys, and I'll turn it over to Lal in a second, but I wanted to give -- them to give
you an insight relative to the business you see right now, also to give you some really strong insights that
you're not going to get from a lot of other people around China, actually giving you numbers, showing the
shape of the curves and the recovery. But we've done a lot of work here thinking about what our investors
would like to know about what's going on inside Emerson and what we see day to day, which clearly is
fluid, but we as a team are working very quickly to react to this.

And so Lal, why don't you take them through this, your presentation here?

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

Yes, sir. Thank you, David, and good morning. I'd like to begin by acknowledging the global Automation
Solutions team for a tremendous close to Q2, particularly as we faced rapidly deteriorating market
conditions. This team has momentum in executing our peak margin plan and is focused on the additional
challenges we now face.

So turning to Chart 28. This is how the plan looks from an orders and sales perspective in what is a
significant demand-driven cycle. Orders were down 0.8 points in Q2 versus a 2.3% plan and will weaken
in trough in Q3 and stay negative for 5 consecutive quarters as we have modeled the next 4 quarters.
From a global perspective, these are 2015, 2016 type of numbers. However, in 2015 and '16, it took us
essentially 4 quarters to unwind; whereas in this cycle, it really happened in a quarter.

North America is very challenged. I'll give you a little bit of color on the world areas now. North America
is very challenged. Obviously, the oil prices and what's happening in the marketplace is unsettling, and it

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

presents a huge challenge to the upstream business. We will see production quotas imposed as the Texas
Railroad Commission and others meet and vote later this morning. Rig count is down 35% in Western
Texas in the last 30 days, and our RFQs in the upstream business is down about 25%. There are only 35
operating rigs left in Alberta, and we believe production will be curtailed by at least 20% in North America.
Downstream, refiners are curtailing production as well. Some are shutting down units and other smaller
refiners are shutting down completely.

This is partially offset by strength in medical and life sciences, as Pete pointed out. We won a major
biopharm job, which we will book in May. And we have a 100-person team assigned operating at about
2,000 hours a week to deliver an FDA-approved, validated system in September. That is record time for --
to stand up a pharma plant.

Let me turn to Asia. The good news is China's recovery is better than expected. We will beat order -- the
orders plan in April, significantly driven by semiconductor and medical. The near-term demand in China
is relatively strong as the economic stimulation takes hold. And I'll show you the specific details on a
monthly basis on China.

India is a bigger risk, as Michael pointed out, with significant lockdowns across the country and
more restrictive measures instituted today, making it increasingly challenging from a sales-executing
perspective. So we got to keep working that. However, across Asia, companies are resilient and anxious to
do business, but the restrictions are prohibitive at times on the sales side.

Let me turn to Europe. Europe's had a very good close to Q2. And we have very few cancellations to date.
Customers are working the Ts and Cs aggressively. And RFQs in total have dropped about 15%.

Well, I'll give you an example of Southern Europe which is interesting. For us, Southern Europe is Italy,
France, Spain and Portugal, arguably the hardest-hit part of the world when it comes to the virus impact.
On average, we booked $40 million per month in those 4 countries. We will book $38 million per month
in April -- in the month of April. That's less than -- that's down less than 10%. Our Italian plants and
suppliers are back online, and goods are flowing as the Port of Genoa is now reopened, albeit very busy.

Turning to the Middle East. Very strong environment continues with strength in Saudi Arabia offset by
weaknesses in Iraq and Kuwait. The project funnel continues to move positively with Aramco remaining
committed to their jobs. And virtual meetings are taking place across the region, and we have significant
digital transformation wins as well.

And lastly, in Latin America, we have seen a significant impact, particularly in Mexico. The Chile copper
mining and Peru gold mining continue to be bright spots in Brazil outside of Petrobras, particularly at
MODEC, continues to be a good story for us.

Turning to sales. The plan for Q2 was a positive 0.5, we were down 8% as we pointed out. Again, we will
trough to 12% in Q3, and we'll stay negative as planned here for 5 consecutive quarters.

At this point, it's important for me to highlight our backlog position. In the first half of 2020, we built
$600 million of backlog, predominantly across our Final Control, Systems and Measurement solutions
businesses. The assumption in this plan is that we reduced backlog by $300 million in the second half of
the year. That results in Q4 being down in the 8% range and 2020 being down in that 7% midpoint range.
If we can only convert 1/3 of that backlog assumption, meaning about $100 million, Q4 will be down 12%,
and 2020 sales will be down approximately 8%. That's the sensitivity on the sales plan.

Let's turn to Chart 29. The last portion of this chart is an exact replica of the chart I shared with you
during our February investor conference. The 2023 peak margin plan as defined had $325 million of
restructuring spend impacting 2,300 salaried headcount and 110 facility reductions, yielding approximately
$400 million in savings.

Focusing on 2020 specifically. We committed to spend $177 million of restructuring. In the first half,
we spent $112 million, including $83 million, which we spent in Q1. And that was prior to our February
meeting in New York. The team has identified an additional $53 million of restructuring, bringing the
total for 2020 to $230 million and driving annualized savings of $314 million. This means that we have

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

to execute $118 million of actions in the second half, $85 million in Q3. This incremental plan impacts an
additional 1,100 individuals and results in $40 million of savings in the year. An additional $40 million of
savings are generated by pullback of discretionary spending and other cost actions. In 2020 alone, we will
impact over 8% of our salaried workforce.

Let's turn to Chart 30. One of the most fundamental differences in our business today versus prior cycles
is our KOB 3 position. We have essentially professionalized our MRO strategy since 2011, when we had a
significant focus to this program and have subsequently expanded KOB 3 as a percent of total sales by 20
points. Through March of 2020, KOB 3 makes up 60% of our global business, up 3 points from the 2019
historical high.

The $120 billion installed base of our technology around the world has created tremendous trust and
credibility with the customer base. We are not relying on large orders through this challenging cycle,
but we are significantly more dependent on day-to-day small orders that have become an increasingly
important element to our business. Nowhere is this more relevant than in North America, where KOB 3
now represents 67% of our sales.

Let's turn to Chart 31, please. Most of the industry's focus has been on the dramatic cuts from the shale
operators in North America. And while we drive a large percentage of our oil and gas sales from North
America, 44% as indicated on the chart, our exposure to the shale segment specifically of customers has
only represented approximately 20% of total oil and gas sales.

While we do see capital spending coming down in all geographies, we continue to win and execute
critical projects around the world. The oil logistics challenge is creating opportunities across the globe for
terminals -- terminal projects, both modernizations and greenfield developments and several -- it's funded
new jobs in Mexico, in Abu Dhabi and in China. Additionally, upstream projects are still moving forward
with limited new awards in international markets. And projects in execution are progressing, leveraging
digital tools for remote collaboration for engineering and acceptance tests.

So what does this mean for Emerson? One, our strong global team of sales and service continue to
engage with our customer base, in some cases, in person, but also using the digital tools I described.
Two, Emerson's digital transformation business is a competitive advantage for us. We have well-developed
connected solutions that enable customers to take people out of the process. Three, we are actively
working with customers to reschedule shutdown and turnaround activity into the fall season. Four, we
have increased engagement with customers using our remote educational services. And lastly, we have
developed targeted competitive displacement programs as many of our peers have extended product lead
times 8 to 10 weeks or longer as they lack the regional manufacturing footprint capability.

Turning to Page 32. The project funnel currently sits at $7 billion versus the $7.1 billion we communicated
in February. The oil price shock has triggered projects to be deferred into 2021 or 2022. Approximately
$900 million of jobs have shifted to 2021. That is 2x the pace of FID pushouts that we have seen to
date. Cancellations are -- predominantly occurred in North America. And to help you bridge between
the February meeting and what we see today as a business, we had approximately $135 million that we
booked out of the funnel since February, we removed $203 million out of the funnel, $27 million of scope
change occurred, and we added approximately $270 million to the funnel.

The major reductions, as I said, were North America, predominantly privately funded LNG jobs. And the
predominant additions were MODEC FPSOs, 3 ships; Asia petrochemical jobs, predominantly in China; and
BHP job in the Gulf of Mexico. Three large projects remain in the funnel: The Qatar NFE LNG; the Aramco
crude to chemicals; and the Ratnagiri Refinery in India, which is a JV between ADNOC, Aramco and Indian
oil.

Let's turn to Chart 33. I would like to turn to a segment of our business that have significantly accelerated
through this challenging time: Our medical and life science business, which will be close to $550 million in
2020 sales, growing double digit.

In the medical, it's predominantly in our discrete and industrial segment of business. This includes
Branson ultrasonic welders that David highlighted at the outset for medical PPE, ASCO medical regulators

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

for applications such as ventilators and oxygen therapy machines, pneumatic controls for lateral-turning
mattresses on intensive care beds. The business is projected to be up 40% in 2020 to $188 million.

The life science business is largely in our process business: Systems, Measurement and Final Control,
where we have built a significant amount of technology around a leading DCS position in the life science
market. This offering involves control as well as hygienic valves and single-use instrumentation.

Our position in the life science business is very strong. It goes back to the foundation of DeltaV as a
smaller IO system best fitted for batch applications. Today, we have over 40% participation in what is
a $0.5 billion life science DCS market. That's 2x greater than the next-nearest competitor. And we play
across the entire industry value chain, from development to production and fill.

Turning to Chart 34. I would like to give you some perspectives of what we've experienced in China over
the fiscal year. This chart depicts orders and sales for 2020 by month. The markdowns in China were
extended beyond Chinese New Year, but most of our operations resumed by February 10. We always
expect that dip to occur in February. As you saw there, it occurred in 2019, obviously more extreme this
year. By March, our orders were $125 million, down 9% versus 2019 and are expected to be down 10% in
April as well, although I could see us closing that gap.

The acceleration in orders in the second half is driven by oil storage. SINOPEC recently announced the
construction of 7 new tank farms as well as petrochemical activity ramping up for the elements like fiber
production, a key feedstock for medical PPE. Much of this is visible in the Q4 plan.

Sales in March were down 22% versus '19 despite our capacity being back to 96% by the end of the
month. In April, capacity and manpower availability are both at 98%, and sales are expected to be down
2% to flat versus 2019. So a very quick recovery as we get out of March into April. For 2020, right now, I
see orders projected to be slightly up, around 1%, and sales to be flat versus 2019.

Now I'll turn it over to Bob Sharp. Thank you.

Robert T. Sharp
Executive President of Commercial & Residential Solutions

Thanks, Lal. Like Lal did, I want to start by recognizing the team out there. Q2 ended very differently
than what we thought, starting with the China downturn in February coming out of -- delayed coming out
of Chinese New Year and then going into March, as we'll talk about. Despite that, we had a very strong
quarter. Gross profit drove the 0.9 of adjusted EBITDA improvement. We held SG&A in line with sales,
even though, again, that sales dropped by about 5% just in the last weeks. And that was certainly a
strong effort.

As essential business, we keep running. Around 84% of the Commercial, Residential Solutions (sic)
[ Commercial & Residential Solutions ] employees are still going to work every day at the site because
that's what we need to do to produce and ship our product. And I certainly want to extend a special
thanks to that group. And we've taken many measures to make sure they're safe, following the
government and local health guidelines as well as doing additional actions as well.

Now for the chart here, what I'm showing, the sales and orders for Commercial, Residential largely go in
line with each other. We have very much a book-to-ship business. So what I'm showing here is our sales
outlook for this year into next year. And then I'm going to use the financial crisis as a reference because I
don't -- there's not really any direct reference to what's happening right now, but the closest thing I think
we see is probably the financial crisis.

So you can see it going in, last quarters have been kind of flattish, if you will, down a bit. We expected
it to be very similar through the rest of 2020 even a month or 2 ago, and then things started changing
pretty quickly. In Q2, China ended up being down 33%. The U.S. still held pretty closely, around 3%
down. And you can see now as the COVID effect has carried through into Europe and U.S. and other
places, the second half changes significantly.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Again, China was down 33%. We expect China to actually be moderating, if you will, and coming back. I'll
show some more specifics on that, and then things are really going to turn. Whereas the U.S. and Europe,
in particular, down significantly in the second half. So a bit of a flip-flop. Certainly, the 2 keys for us for the
second half are going to be what China does from a trajectory standpoint. And then U.S. summer is always
a key variable for us with the heavy air-conditioning presence that we have.

You can see right now, directionally, and it is certainly directionally because we're focused primarily on
this period in this quarter more than anything. But going into 2021, if it follows similar downturn to the
past, we would expect by the second half to be turning up, and the magnitude of that is certainly to be
determined by a lot of things.

At the bottom, again, the 2008 to '10 reference. We had a little more growth going into the financial crisis,
up a couple percent being down. You can see we went down 10s and 20 percents in 4 quarters, and then
had a pretty sharp snapback in 2010.

There are some differences, I think, in this one. The housing starts in the U.S. went from about 2.5 million
down to 0.5 million in 2009. It was very much financial-oriented. This is obviously a very different crisis.
Certainly, substantial job loss right now, especially in the U.S., over 22 million jobs. So far, we see that as
being probably less housing-oriented kind of positions. But certainly, as that plays out, that could also be a
key factor as well. So again, at this point, we're buckling down for a very challenging quarter that we're in.
Still continued challenges in Q3, and then we'll watch how things develop, including a lot of the external
factors around the COVID virus as far as what's going to dictate for 2021 outlook.

The next chart I'm showing is -- on the left is the exact chart I used in February for the investor meeting.
You can see the peak plan summary, about $330 million of total actions, 500 salaried headcount actions
on only about 8,000 salaried headcount in this business. That's a substantial percentage, a number of
moves, the best cost, a number of factory changes. This is a very GP-oriented plan, so driven heavily by
factory activities, automation and other programs. And then certainly, price-cost is always a big factor for
us.

On the right, you can see from an update, we beat this plan for H1, again, despite the fact that the second
quarter changed significantly in the last weeks. To this plan, we've added 300 additional salaried actions.
That's a combination of restructuring and then pulling open jobs and basically every possible move with
respect to the workforce. We're very tight right now, and the organizations are managing to that. We are
going to be using widespread furloughing in the business. It's an unusual practice for us, if you will, well,
probably because we do expect this ideally to be a relatively short-lived thing. Once the virus comes under
control, we're trying to manage through by keeping -- getting the cost down quickly in this half. Still have
the opportunity with our workforce next year. Of course, if next year changes, we still have other levers to
pull, but that's the one we're going after right now.

On top of the restructuring activities, there's also $31 million of other additional cost actions, which is,
again, basically all levers we can pull on the SG&A side. Our second half SG&A spend versus our original
plan is now down over 10%. So we're working to adjust to the volume decline. And certainly, as Mike
mentioned, there's a lot of supplier, internal customer and other disruptions to our operations as we work
to keep running, work to keep our customers going, and that's certainly going to be a factor on the second
half profitability in the GP as well.

The next chart talks about China, and you can see again, we had a very strong 2018 in China. It started
turning down. The first half of last year was down 20-plus percent. And we felt we were coming out of
that, with some ups and downs. But then as you can see, again, Q2 changed substantially.

At the bottom, you see January was down 43%. That was largely a factor of the Chinese New Year timing
versus last year. February, which normally would have been stronger, turned into effectively an extended
Chinese New Year by a matter of weeks, in some cases, for some operations. So we also had a very
significant downturn. March was a bit better, down 19%. April continues to improve, it's in the 10%,
15% kind of a dynamic right now. And as you can see, we do expect at this point to be -- to steadily
return again through May, June and then up above, you can see in Q3 and Q4. And certainly, under ideal
conditions, if you will, or under the right conditions, perhaps even turning positive in the fourth quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Down below on the left, there's a number of project investments going on right now across the provinces.
You can see around $1 billion in total or close to that, many projects. A lot of these affect buildings. A lot
of these affect bus and rail, where we have air-conditioning and refrigeration. So we see this as a proxy.
The channel partners we have in China have strong visibility on projects. The key thing is going to be the
execution of them. Everybody is tight on cash right now. So nobody wants to release orders until they're
getting paid by their customers, and our channel is in that same condition as well.

So again, the -- China right now is playing out in this way. And just as Lal mentioned, certainly, as we
came out of the Chinese New Year, we had some challenges in the initial days, I'll say, but really, by and
large, we're back to running very normally in China and as are our customers and suppliers. And so we're
hopeful that this is going to play out.

We've got a couple of charts here on Emerson's supporting the fight against COVID-19. Chart 39 from
the Commercial, Residential standpoint, certainly, one of the things we've done is to help out, particularly
the first responders, the medical organizations, other care facilities. We typically have a number of safety
things in our plants, gloves, masks, goggles and things like that. And frankly, we've done a lot of work to
give away a lot of these things initially, particularly N95 and KN95 masks, which are basically the Chinese
standard of the N95 masks. We've given away nearly 40,000 of these to many different care facilities
around the U.S. and other countries as far as gloves and other things, too. We are providing our own
employees with surgical masks, cloth masks and other things. From a prioritization standpoint, we're
basically saying that the medical community needs the N95s more than us.

And then from our product standpoint, a number of good examples. On the right, our Cargo Solutions
business, that device that you see keeps the temperature tracking. And it also transmits cellular, so it can
transmit the conditions in a shipment. A customer was trying to move some COVID test kit materials from
Korea into the U.S. The first time they did this, they were all destroyed during a layover due to freezing.
And so they contacted us on a Sunday for a Monday shipment. We gave -- got some devices to them and
helps to preserve the product as it came across to the U.S.

In the bottom left, the Cold Chain business, Thermo Fisher, an important customer of ours, needs
refrigeration for some of their COVID test stations, some of the testing environment, and we're able to
supply a number of those quickly. We've got a number of other examples, pop-up medical facilities for air-
conditioning and other things.

The bottom right shows in our professional tools business, the Corps of Engineers in the U.S., pop-up
care facilities in Denver and Miami. And we provided a lot of equipment for them to be able to get that
infrastructure established.

So again, it really plays to the importance of Emerson and our products as essential businesses for society.
And again, it's something that we help -- helps our employees understand why it is that we do need
them coming to work every day because we've got a lot of important things we have to make sure we're
providing to customers.

So I'll turn it over to Lal.

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

Thanks, Bob. I want to share a few examples from an Automation Solutions perspective as well and 4
specific examples of the efforts our teams are making to support the COVID-19 crisis response.

Starting in drug development, I've already mentioned a major pharmaceutical bio firm announced a
significant expansion recently. This is in response to a positive response of one of their drugs in COVID-19
treatment. I can't mention the name of the firm or the drug as we are in an NDA. However, this contract is
north of $20 million and will be booked and shipped this fiscal year.

In the testing realm, our Coriolis meters are being used for the precise filling of reagents and testing
equipment. If we move over to medical PP&E (sic) [ medical PPE ], we have been awarded orders from

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Honeywell in the -- over the past 5 weeks for Ultrasonic Welders to be used in the manufacturing of
medical masks.

And lastly, in patient therapy, we've received nearly $20 million of orders for valves, manifolds, to be used
in oxygen therapy machines and sanitary regulator solutions for ventilator applications. So a very broad
set of offerings that support the response that's occurring around the world. Thank you.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Thank you. Thank you very much, Lal. And thanks, everybody. Again, we made the decision as we listen
to our investors in the calls and the sell-side analysts and also the buy-side, investors, that we felt that we
needed to go a little bit above and beyond normal in our communication. Don't expect this type of detail
all the time. A lot of work goes into this, I just want you to make sure. But I think it's important that our
investors understand what we're living in day in and day out.

And again, I want to thank everybody, both in this room, the entire OCE, the 15, 20 people that put up
with me for the last 45 days and also the people around the world as both Bob and Lal and Mike and Frank
have communicated. It takes a team effort, and we've divided and conquered and formed task force and
worked this on a day-to-day, face-to-face basis, and I want to make sure that everyone's recognized for
that. I'm doing a video again this afternoon, 2:00, 2 videos, one for the employees and then also one for
our website to thank everybody.

I also want to make one special emphasis on this. People know me quite well. In 2015, '16, 17, we went
through a major repositioning effort, and I made a very strong statement that we would not cut our
dividend. We would not break our dividend history. I want to make sure people understand that. I'm still
the CEO. I'm not dead though people have tried to kill me. I'm still quite strongly in charge. And as long
as I'm here, our dividend will not be cut, and we will maintain our dividend payments in history. We have
the financial flexibility and capabilities to do that going forward.

We also are looking clearly -- one of the things I want to make a comment on is acquisitions. We clearly
see some opportunities that will start emerging. And we want to make sure we are strong, financially set.
And while the work that Frank's doing and the work everyone's doing right now gives us that flexibility to
pick up unique opportunities like we did V&C many years ago.

But with that, I want to thank everybody in the situation room here. And I want to thank everybody
around the world that has listened to us for Emerson. And now we're going to open the lines and take
Q&A.
And we'll start. So off the bat, so announcer, since you wouldn't do live from Saturday Night Live, this is
live from St. Louis. And the first question is coming from, I guess, Mike Halloran. So let's open the line, so
Mike can ask the question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

First question comes from Mike Halloran from Baird.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So first question, just some historical context on how you're looking at the oil and gas cycle here.
Obviously, you've been few through -- through a few of these days. I can certainly appreciate the slide
that Lal put together on the amount of KOB 3 that's now in the portfolio. But how do you think about puts
and takes, structural concerns as you move forward, gas versus liquid? And how quickly you think your
customers can start responding by putting more capital dollars and OpEx dollars back into the market.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So I -- Michael, to give you some context, I've been around for quite a long time. I ran the process
business back in 1996 and '97 when we had the financial crisis of Asia, and the price of oil went below
$10, almost went to $0. I think you're exactly right. We're going to see -- I'll let Lal answer a couple of
things here, too. But we'll see a structural change. I think we'll see an acceleration over time from liquids
to gas. I think you're going to see a structural change in the power industry, a topic -- what's going to be
going -- used in the power industry to generate energy and electricity. I think they'll take their time with
this situation. I think some of our gas projects are still on the table. I'll let Lal talk about Golden Pass plus
the one going on in the Middle East right now.

But the first thing right now, Mike, is they're going to hunker down and protect cash. They're going to try
and maintain the current liquid production, the -- for revenue. They're going to -- so therefore, they're
going to have to spend KOB 3 type of dollars and a little bit of KOB 2 dollars. I think this thing -- transition
will be more out there in the '23, '24 and '25 time period based on my historical knowledge of this, and I
appreciate that.

And by the way, I'm assuming COVID can't go over the wires and you get me sick. Because if you get me
sick, I'll be very upset with you, Mike, especially since you're a Brewers fan, Milwaukee Brewers fan.

So Lal, anything you want to add to that?

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

Yes. Thanks, David. Well, we've seen recent announcements by the majors cutting CapEx down 22%
versus '19, those kinds of ranges. It is important to note that here in North America, it's a heavily
concentrated space. Approximately 50 players generate 80% of the oil production in the United States.
The other 20% is done by thousands of players. I think the 80 players will be -- the 50 players, excuse
me, will be very disciplined. As we go through this, the thousands, many of them will be in trouble as we
go through it.

So typically, when I think about the 2 segments, the downstream refining and the upstream oil and gas, I
believe they have different economic cycles. However, in this, both are grappling without fundamental lack
of demand, Mike, as you pointed out. Refiners are facing difficult decisions. They're reducing utilization
rates, as I pointed out, some are idling units, and some are trying to figure out how to just maintenance
and turnaround intervals to manage this tough environment.

For us, upstream is significantly more weighted to CapEx historically, and refining has been more weighted
to OpEx. That's one aspect where we see some difference. The other aspect is that we believe that the
refining segment will rebound a little quicker as demand normalizes. However, oil -- the oil production
is more structurally impacted, I believe, and that will be significantly more challenging because of this

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

oversupply element that we have. So that's how we see it right now in the 2. But I think structurally,
upstream oil production will be a more challenging cycle here.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

One of the things we're doing, Mike, in the -- because you're exactly right, there's going to be some
structural changes here. We're starting -- we're evaluating our organization, too, and we're putting
investments [ and how we are going to support it ]. As you well know, we can adjust our people but we're
working very quickly because, clearly, there's not going to be any major projects for a while in the liquids
side, they'll be more on the gas side. And we're -- and obviously, we're going to redirect our people and
support the aftermarket business. So a lot of adjusting going on by the world area people. Jamie out
in Asia Pacific, Vidya in the Middle East. We have, obviously, Roel in Europe, our leaders there are all
adjusting because of the same issue that you bring up. And it's going to be very fluid and live for -- I
think, for 2 or 3 years.

Michael H. Train
President & Chairman of Automation Solutions

And David, to your point around gas, you're absolutely right. Golden Pass continues to move forward.
That's an LNG job. Saudi's Marjan project is the offshore gas production, continues to move forward,
and we continue to book the awards there. So I think they're looking long-term gas opportunity still as a
dynamic they want to continue to fund.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Mike, one more question [ from you ], please?

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. So that's actually a good segue. Then how do you think about the structural changes that you're
seeing on that piece and what that means for the AS segment over time? Hybrid discrete, some of these
medical life science type of applications seem to be doing very well and certainly a better tail as we look
forward. You basically -- you -- particularly, as you bring some stuff back, and some more regionalization
come on that side, how quickly can you morph the portfolio? What does it look like? Obviously, you don't
stop supporting the KOB 3 piece, and you still have a lot of breadth and depth there. But how quickly can
you move? And what do you think about inorganically versus organically?

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I think that we are -- one of the things that Lal and his team are really in -- they're -- we're obviously
looking at our internal investments. I'll answer first and let Lal answer this, too. But we're obviously
changing our investments towards serving the -- more the discrete marketplace, the other marketplaces,
not the liquids side because I think the gas investments will continue to come back. The aftermarket gas
is very, very strong. And there will be a liquid, but it will be changed, as you're saying. So you're going to
see that we continue to invest at higher levels around the areas that are in the hybrid space, the discrete
space, other space, both from an acquisition standpoint and also this internal development. We have a
lot of projects underway right now working clearly within the discrete space, within the systems space,
that move outside the oil in that marketplace. We're also looking at potentially some acquisitions. Can we
shake out some acquisitions that are little more software-based or along those lines?

So Mike, I think you're right. And obviously, as we've seen in every other structure time like this, our
liquid business will be less and our other business will be higher. So that percentage will continue to drop.

So if you think about the revenues and you think about the business that we have today, it's going
to continue to shift away from the liquid side. We are not going to walk away from these important
customers that we support in the oil and gas area. These are very important customers. The industry is

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

dependent on our technologies. But you're right, we will reallocate some of the new innovation around the
other areas in our portfolio, continue that mixing away from the oil and gas.

So anything else you want to add there, Lal?

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

Yes, 2 things, David. We have made significant efforts, both organically and inorganically in developing
our portfolio around the discrete space, both with acquisitions in Europe and internal investments in that
business around our core ASCO technology, and there's a significantly longer runway to continue to drive
that. The 2 other areas, David, that I'm particularly focused on from a diversification perspective are in the
hybrid segment, life science, particularly, as we touched on, Mike, and the power segment. I think there
are opportunities to expand our power market beyond our traditional generation control system into other
areas.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I think that on what you -- also, Mike, to add on, he's -- up in Minneapolis right now, they're working
on a lot of sensors for the hybrid life sciences, food and beverage space, which is an important area.

Operator

Next question comes from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So I just wanted to ask about margins in the second half of the year. Looks like you guys are embedding
decrementals getting about worse in the third quarter despite the fact that I would suspect restructuring
payback is stepping up. So if you could speak to decremental margins as well as the expectation for
restructuring payback.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I think the big issue right now, Nicole, is in the second quarter, why our decremental margins were
so much better is, obviously, we had a lot under -- done in the first quarter. And then the drop-off in the
sales is significant, but not the same level we're talking about in the third quarter.

So right now, the acceleration of the decline of our sales are overwhelming basically the restructuring
we've done in the first half and the new -- and the incremental restructuring we have going on at this
point in time. We are still looking at 12 months or less on the total pot. We are also looking at some
longer-term ones that we're doing relative to our international markets, so we can sort of set ourselves up
for a better '21 and '22.

But the third quarter in particular is really -- is because the drop-off you see in those sales, I think -- what
did we drop off, $1 billion something in the third quarter sales?

Frank J. Dellaquila
Senior EVP & CFO

$700 million.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

$700 million? It's just overwhelmed everything we've done at this point of time. So we've been a little bit
more cautious on that. But we're still looking at a very good payback of 12 months from that standpoint,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

very focused on that. But I just don't see us overwhelming that drop-off in sales that's hit us so hard in
April, May and June.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Fair. That makes sense. And then just piggybacking on to that question. Is there any big difference
in the margin expectation by segment? Or will both face similar decrementals in the second half? Just
thinking about the fact that most of the restructuring spend has been focused on AS?

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Bob, why don't you answer first? What's your decremental in second half? You're going to be close to 30...

Robert T. Sharp
Executive President of Commercial & Residential Solutions

Yes. We're going to deleverage at around 30% order of magnitude. That's with sales down well into the
teens. So there's a pretty -- there's a bit of a sales difference in the second half between the 2 platforms.
But as Dave mentioned, that magnitude of sales decline, even with a very strong SG&A reduction versus
last year and certainly many activities in the plants, the operate -- the deleverage of volume as well
as, again, the COVID-19 impact, which is very disruptive to the plants right now, is going to be very
challenging.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

From a productivity -- I think the only thing you want -- might want to add to that, Bob, is you're still
trying to target some EBITDA margin improvement for the whole year even with the down sales you're
looking at. Is that still the case?

Robert T. Sharp
Executive President of Commercial & Residential Solutions

Adjusted EBITDA in total for the whole year, we're looking to hold versus last year. But it's going...

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

It's harder doing that...

Robert T. Sharp
Executive President of Commercial & Residential Solutions

But it's going to be hard at this point. Yes, that's going to be very strong with the volume decline, but it's
going to be difficult to, at this point, be up.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Yes. The big issue -- and I'll let Lal answer, too, Nicole. The big issue right now is the plant. Some plants
will operate for a day, 2 days and then get shut down as we have to clean. And that's -- that productivity
impact is very, very hard to overcome, in which -- safety within our facilities is very, very important. It's
frustrating. You have a situation, all of a sudden, you have to shut down, then you got to get people back
up. So it's another hand tied behind your back here. But overall, I think with all that situation, it's going
pretty well.

So Lal, anything you want to add?

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Yes. Thanks, David. Nicole, the third quarter is clearly our most challenging quarter with deleverage
rates in the 44% range for us. That's driven by predominantly 2 factors: one being the North America
impact, which is most significant in the third quarter accelerates from March into Q3; and the book-to-
ship businesses impact. So the short-cycle businesses in our instrumentation and KOB 3 and Final Control
being impacted, those are higher-margin businesses than some of the longer-cycle businesses that we do
have.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Correct.

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

Things do get better for us sequentially into Q4 from a deleverage perspective, and we fall back into the
20s on a pure EBIT basis, which is more normalized. But the third, we take a significant hit, Nicole.

Operator

The next question comes from Andrew Obin from Bank of America.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just a simple question. Looking at the comparison you guys making with '08, '09, and I understand the
bottoms-up fact that the company is better. But it seems that the GDP forecasts for 2020 are going to
be weaker than what we even saw in the great financial crisis, yet your revenue performance seems to
be better than in the financial crisis. Is that all driven by just changes in the portfolio? Or are there other
assumptions from a macro perspective embedded there as well?

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

The number one issue, Andrew, is we went into the financial crisis running hot, strong. We are very
strong. We are growing double digit. So that was the big issue. We were in on a growing curve, and then
we got hit, and we dropped hard off that hit. As you well know, we were structured this year for basically
a flat year. We had a couple -- last year for Bob's business, he was flat or slightly down; Lal was way off
what he thought it was originally. So we're going into the cycle differently. And the second thing is we are
differently structured from a mix of the business since the last cycle. But the big issue is when we went
into that one, we were growing very strongly, and then the bottom fell out. This one, we were ready for it.
The bottom had already sort of collapsed last year. That's the biggest difference, Andrew.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

And just the second question, in terms of restructuring, you are talking about spending more money, but
can you just talk in terms of logistically, what is it you're doing in 2020 now that a couple of months ago,
you didn't think you would have to or you couldn't do it? Are there opportunities to move faster? Or is it
just you being more aggressive on footprint? And if you could just give us more detail as to specifically
[ where ], if you could share that publicly.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So there's 2 avenues here. One, we are -- what we're trying to do is accelerate the programs, sort of
the fixed cost programs, the facility programs that we had built more into 2021. We're trying to accelerate
those into the second half of 2020 so we can get those done sooner because I -- when the spike does
come back, we want to have those new facilities up and running, lower cost structure.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Secondly, we are being a little bit more aggressive on some of these consolidations and how we do them
and how fast we get them done from that perspective.

And the third thing is, as I said earlier, both at corporate and the 2 platforms, we're looking at the
structure of the overall company and what layers we can take out and what layers we don't necessarily
need anymore as we learn how to run the company in a different world, which we are right now. So those
are things we're doing. And we're just looking at everything very carefully and sort of if we don't need it,
we're not going to do it. And that's from that perspective.

So that's what's going on, a lot different view of this as we go through this pandemic war. Anything you --
Lal, you want to add?

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

Yes. Thanks, David. Obviously, on the facility rationalization, it is dependent on us building the best cost
sites, so that we can execute some of those plans. They are underway, but obviously, building plants takes
time, accelerating as best we can.

So to David's point, a lot of what we've identified, Andrew, incrementally has been purely around
volume-related headcount, decisions on what we do and don't do and then identifying further delayering
opportunities across the businesses. Those are the -- those 2 categories, as we talked about in New York,
Andrew, are the quickest payback on restructuring and quickest to execute. And that's what we're leaning
on very hard here in 2020 as we accelerate the second half restructuring.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Bob, anything you want to add?

Robert T. Sharp
Executive President of Commercial & Residential Solutions

Well, I'd just say that our peak plan did not have things like wage freezes and cuts. Certainly,
discretionary, I think most everybody else is doing the same thing is practically nonexistent. And frankly,
we're just going into the organization at a level -- part of it's volume-related, but a lot of SG&A isn't
necessarily easier to do with volume. So we're just making some tough choices right now on positions that
we hope to at least be able to work -- have without for at least a year or so to get the payback on it. But
some of the stuff, when we do get volume, will certainly come back. And it's -- I wouldn't say it's really
part of the peak plan, it's part of dealing with just a very dramatic sales cycle that we hope doesn't last
too long.

But again, the operational side, the plants, and that's all going, there's not a whole lot more we can do
that will affect the second half of this year. Although I will say, even in the manufacturing, [ salary ranks ]
and costs, we're not -- we're turning over every stone right now and trying to deal with a pretty dramatic
volume slide here quickly.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just a question, have you [ changed ] your definition of what low-cost facilities are in this environment,
given this fracturing of global supply chains that people talk about?

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

We don't -- we use the word best cost. And the answer is no. We've always -- we always look at valuation
relative to logistics. If you think about our regional strategy, we think about logistics, supply chains. I
think there fundamentally will be some changes as people look at rebalancing that matrix site that we use.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

And we did a rebalancing about 5 or 6 years ago, 7 years ago. We'll take a look at that as we go forward
here.

But from our perspective, we're -- we tweak that matrix on a constant basis. We'll tweak it again at the
end of 2020. But right now, the definition of best cost has not changed, no.

Operator

The next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe just a first question, David, looking at Slide 24, and you've got that scenario of the big dip in fiscal
Q3 and then staggering back towards a sort of flattish line a year out. Maybe just help us understand
within each of the 2 main segments, which end markets you think will lead that recovery and which ones
might be laggards? Understand that maybe upstream CapEx is definitely a laggard that Lal had called out,
but maybe any other color across the 2 platforms of the slope of end market trajectory.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I think if you -- I'll comment, and I'll let both these guys comment on their specific business because
it will be different. I mean clearly, the liquid side of Lal's business is going to be very slow. I think you're
going to see, starting in the first half of next year, some companies look at bringing some facilities back
in the United States. So there will be some spending around pharmaceutical and medical, there will be
spending around some of the chemical side and the materials that go into that space. I think you're going
to see -- the only laggard we see probably early on will be the liquids side on the new contract -- in the
new business. Historically, I mean, that would lag with this type of shock.

I would also, probably, be cautious about the gas. I think the gas capital investments will probably be
a little bit slow recovering back. But the rest of the 80% of business that we look at, I think, will start
bouncing back pretty quickly as they go through their own matrix and see where they're making stuff and
how they rebalance that. But the power industry, I think, will continue to spend as it is right now. If I look
at the food and beverage, I look at the chemical, all these guys are reevaluating those -- their spending.
So I think those are -- they're going to come back. And it is the liquids and the gas side that I would worry
about, which is about 20% of the total business.

Anything else you want to add to that, Lal?

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

Yes, David, just very quickly. Obviously, you know 60% KOB 3 business, Julian, that's a lot of day-to-day
small orders. Essentially, what that 60% defines is what is required from an automation perspective to
keep the plant running, be it a pharmaceutical plant, a refinery or a coal-powered fire station (sic) [ coal-
fired power station ]. So it's that, that we're focused on. I agree with David that as this comes back, it
will be predominantly on that -- it will be -- not be in the production side that will lag, it will be more
downstream as we see it. But we're currently already scheduling STO, shutdown, turnaround activity into
the fall season. That's across the broad scale of our process industries and power. That we'll see accelerate
and return very quickly as people are allowed back on site, and we should see the benefit of that.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

But you're going to see a lot of the -- as the White House, and I'm sure every government around the
world is looking at is, all the areas that went into the health care, the medical, the type of chemicals,
whatever they need, the pharmaceutical, I guarantee you they're going to look at how do you -- around
the world, not just the U.S., but also Europe and Asia, they're going to look at, okay, where do we need to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

make those investments? And that's what's going to help drive a company like Emerson back in the early
'21 time period.

Bob, anything you want -- do you see a change coming back?

Robert T. Sharp
Executive President of Commercial & Residential Solutions

Yes. Certainly, for us. Certainly, key leading in was obviously China, and that's also, we anticipate, being
a key as far as coming out of it as they work on stimulating the economy. Construction, both in terms of
real activity, if you will, but also especially the channel just getting very cautious about carrying inventory
snaps very quickly on us. And depending on the sell-through picture, that can come back quickly as well.

Cold Chain right now, again, the restaurant industry is largely frozen in the United States or on hiatus.
Even supermarkets, which we're all realizing are critical infrastructure, are very limiting as far as who they
want in the sites. So they're very careful about doing any project activity right now.

And then again, certainly, just a general customer, both individuals as well as companies, freezing right
now with uncertainty about what's going to happen. And then, again, coming out to China. And certainly,
again, for us, the summer cycle in the U.S. with air-conditioning is going to be quite important. And that
we always watch as the spring develops and as the heat develops, that's going to be a key factor.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Yes, it might be more of a replacement market this year than a...

Robert T. Sharp
Executive President of Commercial & Residential Solutions

Yes. Yes, there's certainly talk about replacement, but about 85% of our business is oriented at
replacement anyway. So certainly, the housing -- new housing will have some factor. And whether people
do repairs or a system replacement matters a bit, too, although our margins on the repair side, the
compressors are quite good. So there's certainly some mix help if it gets down into component repairs.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Thank you. Julian, anything else?

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just a quick one. I mean I know that you always look sort of further out into the medium term. So maybe
whenever we come out of this downturn, would you expect anything different about the incremental
margins whenever we come out of this slump versus, say, your experience in 2017 or 2010 and '11?

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Well, if we -- I mean from the standpoint of -- we're not backing off our peak margin plan. So obviously,
as we come out of that, incremental margins should be better in the term because we're taking
fundamental structural changes to the company, and we are evaluating all the touch points between the
2 businesses and the corporate entities. So I would say structurally, costs will be lower as we come out
of this, and that will be a good thing. And the key issue is -- for the next CEO is to make sure that he
or she does not allow those structural costs to come back in. But I would say as we fly out of this thing,
incremental margins should be better for us.

Operator

Next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Let me ask you about China just in the context of, obviously, down 20% in AS in Q2 and 30% in C&RS.
So how much did you use China as a road map for COVID-related impacts across the rest of the company
when you're thinking about your guidance? Because you don't seem to be guiding to that kind of impact
for the rest of the world in the second half. Is that mostly because of the expected China recovery? Or are
there any other geographies that are hanging in there better than China? And then can you give us your
take on the shape of China's recovery? I know you gave us a lot of color. Do you think it's ultimately U, L?
What do you think there, Dave?

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

China recovery is going to be more of a V shape. And you can just quickly see, I think it's going to be
sharper for Lal, a little bit more flattened for Bob. And the reason for it is Lal's businesses -- I mean from
a nationalistic approach, China is investing in things that will help them as a country, be it the medical
area, be it the power area, be it the other different energy areas, given the fact they're building tank
farms to buy $10 price of oil.

I mean China is -- for Lal's business is going to staff much faster. Now I don't think the rest of the world,
if you just -- I'll talk Lal's business first. I don't think the rest of this world will snap this way. China
had a little bit different agenda from the standpoint of how they control the economy. I think the other
economies will have a slower comeback from the standpoint of how they open up.

We just look at our measured opening that we're going to have inside the United States. I see the same
thing happened in the middle of Asia -- in the Middle East, not Asia, South and Middle East and also
in Europe. So I -- what we're mapped out here, Andrew, is a different -- a slower recovery within the
markets outside of China. I also see that -- look at Latin America. I think Latin America is going to
struggle under political leadership and also the financial wherewithal is not that good.

Now on Bob's business, clearly, historically, Bob's business, he's coming back quite strongly in Asia -- or
China and Asia, not snapping as Lal's because money is being more allocated to where they want to put
the money but still can be a pretty strong recovery. And I don't -- we don't see that type of recovery in the
other markets. So we see more of a flattened slow recovery.

Now the one thing that Bob has historically is he has snapped, as he has a chart, he shows historically,
maybe by the third or fourth quarter of next year, he could see things accelerate. And it goes back to
the distribution channel, which are liquidating because of the financial wherewithal of that channel. And
then also, they see some strengthening, they can staff. He actually historically has a stronger snap. And
so we've not factored in any snaps other than in China because it's just -- I don't see the other markets
behaving like China at this point in time, Andrew.

Robert T. Sharp
Executive President of Commercial & Residential Solutions

If I could add, Dave. China has definitely been very proactive about getting businesses, getting the
economy back going, which is not necessarily the case you see in other countries, and both in terms of
getting plants operational, getting people back to work and also then on the stimulus side of injecting
things with programs. So I think you're just seeing a lot more organized collective effort, if you will, to get
the economy back running that we're going to see in a number of countries right now.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Lal, do you want to add anything?

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

27

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Yes, just very quickly. Obviously, China doesn't have the production element of our marketplace. Europe
is the other area that has very little production left, and [ RC ] has been depressed for a long time. And
we're seeing Europe being more resilient than the Americas, for example, as well. So those will be 2
nuances on that.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

That's helpful, guys. And then, Dave, there's been a lot of talk. I mean you mentioned about reshoring
and how that might impact big, multinational companies. You did talk about your strong local-for-local
strategy. So maybe talk about how your supply chain has been impacted, a little more color there, and
how you might benefit if, in fact, we do see more emphasis on localization of supply chains? And then
conversely, how much concern do you have about being a big industrial player in China if we do have more
call for nationalism over the next couple of years?

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Well, nationalism has been calling on now, it started back about 5 or 6 years ago. So that's nothing new.
It's obviously just escalated a little bit higher, but it's been going on for some time. I firmly believe based
on what we're seeing in our customer base in both the chemical industry, what we see in, obviously, the
food and beverage, the hybrid, the medical industries, we're seeing a push to try to rebalance some of
these -- the supply chains and also where they make stuff.

The fact that Honeywell is opening a mask plant in Rhode Island, a mask plant in Arizona, the fact that
we're seeing some first vaccine production that we're working on right now and going after is going to
be in the United States. I think legislation has to be changed to protect the medical and pharmaceutical
industry and the vaccine industry. But I think you're going to see that.

I think clearly, the negative side of that will be companies like Emerson or the multinationals that we
serve, the global industries, we're going to have to work that issue. But it's not going to just be in the U.S.
I think Western Europe will be the same way, Andrew. I think you're going to see Western Europe, be it
the French, the German, the Italians, the Spanish, the Belgians, they're going to look at what happened
and what they could depend on, be it the Asians or be it Americans. And they're going to say, "Okay. We
need to redo some stuff here."

So I think this is going to happen globally over the next 2 or 3 years. And I think the good, solid global
industrial companies, which you guys all know about and you -- many of you follow, I think, will benefit
from this. I think the guys are -- the companies are still going through massive changes, are going to --
struggling, but I -- there's going to be pluses and minuses. In the end, I think I'd put a plus on our side. I
do have a couple of negatives, as you point out, and we'll have to manage those accordingly.

Operator

Next call comes from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So we've talked a lot about the supply chain. Anything -- in this whole onshoring dynamic, anything
in your own supply chain, your own sourcing that you're looking at and saying, "Gosh, this has gotten
too long and as much as we manufacture locally, we're having to cross a few too much -- few too many
borders to get components or other kind of subassemblies," looking less at your customers and kind of
more at yourself as the purchaser.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Yes. The answer is yes. And so what is -- what we're going through right now is the first wave we,
obviously, hit was the China wave. And as we looked at the China impact at the end of January and early

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

28

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

February, we're looking, obviously, what's happening to us right now as we look at the India, Malaysia,
Mexico, U.S., what we have is a very good enterprise risk strategy driven by the businesses, and so
evaluated through our audit side and through the Audit Committee. Under Lisa Flavin and the Audit
Committee, we will go through this process most likely. I asked the Audit Committee yesterday to -- we're
going to wait a little longer, probably be more like August this year. I want things to stabilize, but we're
going to look at things like how did our supply network do from a financial crisis standpoint? Do they have
the money? Did we have to help them? Which ones were able to keep up with us as we ramped up and
down?

So I think that from -- as we look at it right now, Josh, we're not going to make any fundamental changes.
We -- as you know, our strategy is we have multiple suppliers, but the big issue for the first time we're
seeing not just 1 or 2 countries closing down, we have 3 countries closing down. And so what we're going
to have to do here is evaluate this from an economic standpoint and an enterprise risk standpoint is
looking at this model now and say, "Okay. Do we have to have 4?" So those are things that we will do.
Nothing right now. I mean I'm more interested in stabilizing and then recovering. But we do know what
happened to it, and I guarantee there will be changes as we leave this year on a calendar year basis and
as we move into 2021 on a calendar year basis.

So I think it's a little too early to react. We've been able to overcome it. And in the meantime, I do know
we'll make some changes as we go forward here in '20, late '20 and early '21.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. Appreciate that. And then just as I think about some of your kind of longer-cycle customers or folks
who don't make decisions lightly, I would imagine that the speed at which this has happened has made
it hard to kind of calibrate what they want to do, just show up one morning and kind of erase the 0 from
the budget and go forward. At what point do you think you get clarity from your customers, i.e., they've
had enough time to scrub everything and get back to you because I would imagine you're not quite in that
moment yet where [ they're really firm in ] what they want to do?

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Josh, this one's a lot faster. And the reason -- this one's a lot faster. I mean is it 100%? No, but it's a
lot higher percent than you think. And the reason for it goes back to what Frank covered is the liquidity
financial crisis.

So they really had to jump on this thing very early on in February and March. Now will there be some
changes? The answer is yes. But I think that you missed -- you don't represent them well then if you don't
think that these guys have made some fundamental changes. We're living it daily. Like the OC -- we get
together at 2:00 every day, the OC downstairs, the big board room, and we're spread out. And we -- both
of us, both Lal and Bob, we're talking from a customer's input. So these guys are moving much faster.

So maybe the last pieces will be finalized as they would finish out this reporting this quarter. But if I look
at our customer base from a financial standpoint, they had to take actions very, very quickly, both from
internally, cash flow generation, and then also what we're looking at from a financial market standpoint.
So this one is a little bit faster pace. And hence, being together allowed us to make some adjustments
much faster. But I would say these guys are further down that pipe than you think. And probably this
quarter, we'll finalize it.

Bob, anything you want to add on that?

Robert T. Sharp
Executive President of Commercial & Residential Solutions

No, I think that's right. And a lot of it is because nobody just -- nobody really knows what to expect. So in
that event, they freeze quickly. Whether it's a small customer or a large customer, everybody is freezing
very fast.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

29

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So I think -- don't underestimate this. It's happened pretty quickly.

Operator

Next question comes from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

On slide -- I was going to ask about the sequential downtick from June to July on Slide 34, but I'll leave
that -- I'll take that off-line, I'll keep that one. You have a modest sequential downtick there.

Okay. So anyway, we really appreciate all the detail. Most companies are withdrawing guidance, obviously.
You guys have given a lot of detail here.

Just a very simple question. How much of these cost saves -- I think you said $46 million of the cost saves
have been booked kind of in the first half. How much do you have queued up for the second half? And
then how much do you have visibility on for 2021?

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

So we do have the numbers here, let's work this number and work [ it for him ]. But we basically -- what
we showed the Board last week, Steve, is the second half quarter-by-quarter and then also what we
showed them is the first half next year.

So Lal, what do you have queued up for savings built into this at this point of time?

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

So built into the plan, just to kind of reset, we spent $112 million in the first half. We recognized savings
from the restructuring and other activities in the first half of $46 million, okay? Second half restructuring
will be $118 million. We combined savings in the year -- excuse me, in the second half of $186 million.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

So incrementally, it'd be about $140 million something. And then what are you -- what's your running out
-- what did you tell the Board going into the first half of next year? You're going to clearly estimate the...

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

I did not change off the plan from February. There will be run rate, obviously, impact because of what
we're doing incrementally this year.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

So the big savings for Lal is going to be in the second half and then will go into the first quarter next year.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. So there will be some carryover into -- so did you pull all of that into this year? Or you still have a
pretty decent year-over-year kind of variance heading into '21?

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

30

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

What did you tell the Board spend on '21?

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

Right. I'll share with you -- well, I did not go into '21 spend, but our spend on '21 is expected to be $83
million.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

$83 million.

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

I have not changed that number.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

$83 million. So we've accelerated some stuff in, and therefore, $83 million. You'll have -- they'll still have
some savings. I don't know if it's going to be dollar-for-dollar because there's going to be some longer-
term ones, but it will still have some carryover. So he'll probably have another $80 million for the whole
year next year.

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

So to give you perspective, David, it was $65 million in '19, it will be $230 million in '20, and then another
$83 million in '21.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Yes. You'll get dollar-for-dollar savings over -- pretty quickly on that.

Robert T. Sharp
Executive President of Commercial & Residential Solutions

And for Commercial, Residential, for the restructuring programs, we're doing this year, about 60% of the
savings benefit we'll capture this year, so we've got carryover about 40%. And then of course, we got a
whole another set of actions in '21 for '21 and beyond that will lay into that as well.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

So the key is, Steve, I think we'll still have savings coming into the first half of next year, but ones we will
have to offset in the first half of the year will be things like the salary cuts because we will institute that.
So that -- those numbers will have to come back. That's to the tune of around $6.5 million for second half,
so $3.5 million per quarter. The salary planning numbers will hit us all for next year or 2 because that will
roll back out. So...

Robert T. Sharp
Executive President of Commercial & Residential Solutions

Furloughing. There's a number of things, again, we're doing in the second half to be dramatically, if you
will, that -- depending on how the sales curve returns, certainly, some of that spending can return.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

31

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Yes. The key thing is trying to bridge as much of the cost right now, and then our real cost savings will
flow in as we finish this year. But I like the pace right now. I look at what's going on with the decremental
and the inefficient plants and the savings are flowing through pretty nicely.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And why in the back of my mind do I feel like that there was like a $70 million number that you threw
out there earlier in the year and said you had embedded some of that? I mean these numbers seem
substantially higher than that. I thought a little more is going to be pushed into kind of '21. Or did you just
kind of accelerate those?

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

30 -- yes, we had a 35 number for last year. I think they are bigger numbers now, Steve, because what's
happened is we've done a lot more short-term numbers. And I think that the numbers that we shared with
you in February are very similar to this. But they're obviously higher now because we have more savings,
and we're trying to accelerate.

So the costs are going up, but the savings are going up at the same time. We'll have probably more
carryover because we're doing more action right now. I mean the issue is we're living in a period right
now that we have to figure out how to drive our cost down, and that's where we are at this point. So the
numbers are bigger than I talked about earlier, but it's always hard to tie back to other things I've said
over the phone. But then I think you just...

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Right. And then just a -- just one quick one. Yes, I just wanted to kind of nail down kind of the quarterly
sequencing because you gave the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And the fourth quarter, obviously,
is a step up sequentially on an EPS basis. Is that essentially kind of the mechanics of basically revenue
stabilization and then all this kind of cost-cutting flowing through that you get? You don't see that in the
second quarter because of how hard revenue is going down, but you really see it in kind of the fourth
quarter. Just trying to reconcile the $0.60 moving to kind of the $0.80 to $0.90 or whatever it is in the
fourth quarter.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

100% correct, Steve. I think that -- right now, we started -- I mean the team started working extremely
hard about March 10. And we started taking -- okay, guys, we've got something coming at us here. And so
what you're seeing right now is this wave is hitting us a lot harder as we saw around the world. So we've
taken actions and we fundamentally believe will stabilize by the time we get into June. Business will still
be down, but our cost actions are happening, and that allow us -- as the volume stabilizes a little bit in,
obviously, a lot lower level, our savings will start flowing through. That's why we have that from stepping
up.

The other thing I'd make a comment, you -- I think you well know is that we've always had a variable
performance share program going back since early '70s. In the chart that we showed on Chart 8, when we
showed the first quarter, we got hit very hard by $0.10 because the stock price is going up, on Chart 8 of
the first quarter report in February. This quarter, what's happened is, obviously, with the stock dropping
dramatically, a lot of wealth has been locked off of our shareholder base, including people like me and
Frank and Bob and Lal. But the variable plan, obviously, is a lot lower cost. So therefore, we've got a
benefit this quarter. We're assuming our stock price will stabilize and start coming back up, so we're
factoring a little bit of recovery so we'll have a negative number based on right now in the second half of
the year. We've always had a variable plan, and we mark to market, as you well know and you've pointed
out to me over the times.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

32

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Operator

The next question comes from Robert McCarthy from Stephens.

Robert Paul McCarthy
Stephens Inc., Research Division

I guess I have a question -- so in any event, expanding upon Mr. Tusa's excellent inquiry, as always, the
-- I wanted to ask a little bit about the underlying cadence of at least the near term. Obviously, you sit
on the -- one of the committees that was just announced, the committee to reopen the economy. I think
you're part of the industrial working group. So I don't want to prejudge the recommendations you're
making there. And I better be careful because my monthly guy who writes my checks, the gentleman who
owns my firm is on that committee as well.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Yes, yes. You well know. Yes, yes.

Robert Paul McCarthy
Stephens Inc., Research Division

I wanted to get a sense, in all seriousness, of how we think about the near-term short cycle in North
America. How do you think about what is a return to at least economic normalcy, people getting back to
work? Obviously, we've heard a lot about kind of a red-blue state divide here. And I don't want to get into
a big political discussion, despite my earlier rhetoric. But I do want to get a sense of how you're thinking
about the industrial short-cycle plays out in North America. And perhaps Bob can amplify some of those
comments. What's embedded in your guidance as we roll it out going forward?

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

I mean I think that what we see right now is that the business leaders, a lot of political leaders are
starting to realize the tax revenue shortfall, the cost of this, of shutting down the economy, is enormous.
And they're starting to see -- you're starting to see it here in this town. The medical professionals are
having to lay people off and to cut costs because all the businesses disappeared, revenue and other than
just the crisis around coronavirus and the same thing in the business world. So I think that we're all
fighting to save our lives as the companies and institutions, a lot will not make it. So from my perspective,
the push forward is trying to get the economy open and get business open. We can do this safely. We've
learned a lot from how this isolation and how we go about this and how we work together, both from
a company standpoint and the geopolitical standpoint. I've watched politicians and business leaders,
business leaders with business leaders, there's been a lot more collaboration than the press would ever,
ever, ever talk about.

And so what I see right now, to be honest, Rob, I think you're going to see the next 2 quarters are going
to be pretty tough for America. There's a lot of things that have been stopped and slowed down. There's
a lot of concern even in our workforce of coming back to work and being exposed to this because people
look at this as like it's a killing zone if you leave your house. And so I think that -- so what we're factoring
in the U.S. right now is a very, very weak third and fourth quarter. We're not looking for much recovery
here. And I think that we're going to see the recovery happening internationally first. And I think that's
what we're starting to see already in the month of April. So I think you're going to see a very gradual get
back to work. I think it -- hopefully, we'll start seeing some travel come back in. Thank God we're not in
the travel industry. I don't know how they're going to recover here for a while. But this is going to be a
very slow recovery. And the money is being put out there, but in reality is, so much wealth and so much
economic wealth has been lost that there's not enough money in Washington to flood this world to bring
it back. So we've just got to get people back to work, making things and generating, and that's going to
take a long time. And that's how we're factoring into. We're not factoring much of an economic impact in
North America at all.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

33

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

What do you see, Bob?

Robert T. Sharp
Executive President of Commercial & Residential Solutions

Yes. I mean the U.S. outlook for us in the second half is dramatically more difficult than any other region.
The general industrial, the construction environment, as I mentioned, the Cold Chain environment, frankly,
we just see all of that being challenged for a while, again, until we have the comfort -- until the job losses
ebb and we get the comfort of people getting back to work, which is going to take a little time, probably.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I mean you look at over 3 -- 30 million unemployed people in the United States, let alone the people
[ inclining ], and let alone the people that are [ very ] holed up in their homes right now that don't want
to come out. So I think this is going to be quite dramatic. It's going to take some time. It's not going to be
like the China. I think Europe and those guys will probably fall off sooner, and it's going to be a tough one.

Lal, anything else you want to add?

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

No.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Anything else, Rob?

Robert Paul McCarthy
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Yes. No, that's very sobering. I guess on top of that, I think you have your President of Safety in
attendance, if that's right?

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Yes.

Robert Paul McCarthy
Stephens Inc., Research Division

And again, I don't want to get into too much policy discussion, but one thing that's been meddlesome
for everyone, bureaucracy and policy aside, has been some of the shortages around testing. I guess
the question I would have is, as you kind of flex across your facilities and you look at Mike's chart, have
you instituted your own kind of captive testing program for Emerson? Or what have you done to make
sure that you can create the best information and environment for your workers to go back with some
confidence of safety?

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

The big issue -- I mean the -- everything we can work around, the right equipment, the right spacing, the
right environment, the right [ cleanses ], having -- cleaning your hands before you go into the facility, be
clean, everything else, staggering the workforce, heat, temperature. With this virus, a little bit different
in temperature. You could have the virus for several days before your temperature starts moving. The big
issue that we've all talked to the President about and he knows this from a business standpoint, is we're
going to have to have, what I call, quick-testing facilities. We're going to go back assuming -- I mean I'm
hearing more and more words. I heard it yesterday out of Washington. They are coming along with quick
testing to allow us to have a much faster impact. So if we have someone come sick in the facility, we can
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

34

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

test him or her, find out if they are really sick. And if they are sick, isolate them and quickly isolate people
around them and then cleanse and then get back to work.

So we're going to be in this game here, I think, for the rest of this year. The vaccine thing, you -- we can't
wait for a vaccine. There won't be any business left if we wait for a vaccine. We've got to have the testing
ability to find out who's had it, who's got it right now. And I think that's the big push, both in Washington
and the medical community because they know from business we need that. We can do everything
around that, except that. And so the quicker that we get that and I know they know that, and that's why
I heard yesterday, they're ramping up the millions upon millions of that testing, that quick testing. And
that's going to -- obviously, we'll benefit from that because that's going to come from the pharmaceutical
industry, the drug industry. But in the meantime, Rob, we're going to do everything around that, and
we -- that quick testing thing's got to come. It's got to come to give confidence to the workers. In the
meantime, we're going to do everything we can to keep things safe. And that's where we are right now.

But we, as a company, I think the number is under 40 people globally have had tested. Lal's on this
meeting that meets every morning. 40 people are tested. We've unfortunately had 1 individual, part-time
worker in England who passed away, a guy. It was a very unfortunate situation. We've -- our isolation has
really dropped off right now. The new cases have really dropped off. But safety is a paramount to what
we're doing, and we've got our top, top people on this thing. And they're countering people like me who
was -- from my standpoint, you charge forward, you're out there and you're dealing with issues. I mean
I'm the type of guy that would lead in World War II, if you got that impression. So that's where we are.

I'm going to take one more question from a sell-side -- or two -- one more sell-side analyst, and then
we're going to lock it down.

Operator

Next question comes from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

So Dave, just -- I guess my first question, when you think about that 14% number organic decline in the
third quarter, can you just talk about April specifically? Has that been trending at that number already or
below that number? I'm just curious like where you stand today month-to-date or quarter-to-date on --
versus that number.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

It's -- our order pattern right now is below negative 15%. So we're tracking below that at this point in
time on Bob's business. Lal's business is probably a little bit better than that. Lal has got some backlog. So
when we look at that 14%, we go plus or minus 1.5%, most likely it's going to be around 14%, 15%. The
key thing that we'll come out with, we will come out with the orders in April and May. We'll get that out
for everybody, Joe. But right now, the trend line is dropping quite rapidly. But we're starting to see some
stabilization in our international markets, including Europe.

So the key issue, the big wildcard for us right now of substance is the U.S., going back to my comments
with Rob. This is still in a free fall. And the question will be is how do we stabilize this from a business
standpoint in the near term. So I think that I feel very comfortable even today, as I talked to the Audit
Committee yesterday morning, this 14%, 15% negative third quarter is well in tune. And I expect our
orders when we come back in, we'll see that our orders are probably around that 14%, 15% in the month
of April.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Got it. Okay. And maybe just kind of following on there, and like, I'll echo everybody else's comments.
I really appreciate all the rigor and level of detail that you guys went to, to give us as much information
as you did today. But just following on, on that last point, Dave. So when you think about then the U.S.,
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

35

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

as we progress through the year, I mean it's really hard to know exactly how the shape of the recovery
is going to be. How much is China, I guess, influencing your thoughts around the U.S. and kind of that
improvement in the growth pattern as we head into 4Q and into 2021?

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

I think that from my perspective, as I said earlier, Joe, it's -- people would like to make that early -- same
comparison, it's not going to happen the same way. China is a controlled society. They worked extremely
hard. They shut it down hard. It seems somehow the sickness was only in a couple of regions. And they
came in structurally. What we learned in China from our facilities, obviously, we're using from a safety
standpoint, other facilities around the world. So I think the China structure is completely different. It will
help us, obviously. But what we're looking at here is the U.S. is a completely different cycle; and Europe,
a completely different cycle. It's in a different world. So we're looking at the U.S. as far more negative, far
more muted and much more, I would say, a U-shape type of a structure. It's -- we're going to stay down
longer and then gradually come back out of it in the second half of '21.

We do not see a quick snapback at this point in time in the U.S. Now if there's somehow that everyone
got back to work right away, we got the testing that we needed, maybe the fourth -- the third calendar
quarter, we could start seeing stuff. But I think that's going to be more in the fourth quarter this year. So
I'm very negative on the U.S. growth model, and I'll let Lal and Bob talk about this, but that's how we see
it right now. We're structuring a completely different cycle for each of the world areas based on historical
norms and based on what we're seeing from our customer base right now.

So Lal, over to you...

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

Yes, I absolutely agree. As I went around the horn with my world area leaders yesterday, it was clearly a
North America challenge, significantly more so than anywhere else.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

So why don't you give a couple of colors? You got some colors in North America.

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

Yes. I'll give you...

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

We'll never give this much information again. You have to rip my tongue out there if we give this much
information.

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

Yes. I've already given you the color around what's happening with quotation rates. RFQ is down in that
25% rate in our -- across our businesses. But just to give you perspective globally, globally, we were
booking approximately $850 million a month. That was our run rate as we went through '19 into the
first quarter of '20. In [ P7 ], we'll book somewhere around $680 million. So that kind of drop-off is very
significant. That's that 15-ish-plus percent...

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

[ P7 ] for him is April for work on period.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

36

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

That's April. And the biggest hit in that is the U.S. and Canada. The other world areas, Europe, Asia and
Middle East, will exceed their plans, but the Americas particularly, will be challenged therein. So Asia will
be very close, honestly, to a normal -- what we call, a normal month in bookings. Surprisingly, the return
in Europe doesn't look as bad. But it's really that America impact...

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

And Europe, we're getting a lot of medical bookings because that's a lot...

Surendralal Lanca Karsanbhai
Executive President of Emerson Automation Solutions

A lot of medical, a lot of life science, David, and oil and gas. Honestly, downstream, we won a significant
order with BP yesterday in Azerbaijan for a control -- a digital twin control system.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

So Joe, it's going to be -- I think it's going to be an international market and so that's what we see right
now. I think the companies that are very international will have that benefit.

Bob, you want to add anything to that? Anything, Bob, you want to add?

Robert T. Sharp
Executive President of Commercial & Residential Solutions

No. Again, I think -- I mean we don't expect to see the U.S. go down as hard as China did, but we expect
to see it stay down longer. So it's going to take a little time. Again, it all depends. If people get back
to work, if there's a vaccination, all this kind of thing, second half of next year could be a very exciting
second half for us. If it plays out longer, then that could change. But when we've come out of these
before, we've had some pretty strong quarters. And again, hopefully, that scenario will build up in this one
as well.

David N. Farr
Chairman & CEO

Yes. We need the testing and the medical support to happen. And I think that's what business people will
tell you.

Well, I want to thank everybody for the calls, and I appreciate everyone calling and listening. I know it's
a lot of material, I apologize, but I thought it was important for everyone to have that input. And looking
forward, I know Pete will be very busy in the phone in the follow-up here for the day, but I appreciate
everyone. And I hope -- hopefully, we'll be able to see everybody.

And unlike the famous doctor that works for Donald Trump, I intend to shake hands and hug people at
some point in time before I die. And so I'm a handshaker, and I don't believe that the handshake will
disappear. I mean if we're all going to be that worried, you might as well jump the water right now.

But I look forward to seeing everybody, and I look forward to seeing what unfolds here in the coming
months. But rest assured, Emerson's at business, Emerson is working, and Emerson is working extremely
hard to make sure that we can take advantage and solve everything that needs to be solved here in the
coming months. Thank you.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

37

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

38

