Entergy Corporation NYSE:ETR
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, May 11, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

0.95

1.14

20.00

1.32

5.51

-

5.90

Revenue  (mm)

2592.25

2427.18

(6.37 %)

2768.20

10820.15

11096.25

11213.55

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-11-2020 2:08 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.37

2.28

0.66

0.95

1.35

2.52

0.68

1.14

(1.46 %)

10.53 %

3.03 %

20.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

David Borde
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Leo P. Denault
Chairman & CEO

Roderick K. West
Group President of Utility
Operations

ANALYSTS

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Sophie Ksenia Karp
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation First Quarter
2020 Earnings Release and Teleconference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is
being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, David Borde, Vice President,
Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

David Borde
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman
and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions]

In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ
materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our
earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to
update these forward-looking statements.

Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP
measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the
Investor Relations section of our website.

I would also point out that our initial earnings release this morning contained a clerical error relating to
the March 31, 2020, balance sheet and we have since posted a corrected version of the release on our
website.

And now, I will turn the call over to Leo.

Leo P. Denault
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you all joining our call today, and I hope
that you and your families are well. The past few months have presented extraordinary circumstances that
have been difficult for everyone around the world. So many have stepped up to the plate to help people,
communities and our country in this time of need and we truly appreciate all of their efforts.

Providing safe and reliable power is essential, especially during times like these. That's why at Entergy,
we plan and prepare for extraordinary events. Our robust, comprehensive, tried-and-tested incident
response plan contemplates many, including storms, cyber attacks, emergency leadership succession
and pandemics. To ensure preparedness, we run drills routinely so that everyone knows their roles and
responsibilities, and when activated, the plan runs smoothly.

In 2007, we developed our pandemic response plan specifically to address events like the one we are
facing today. For COVID-19, we mobilized our teams on January 16, very early on. Our focus has been
on 4 primary objectives: ensuring the safety and wellness of our employees; maintaining safe, reliable
service for our customers; mitigating financial impacts; and ensuring our ability to continue to plan for
the future, informed by lessons learned from the event, not only challenges to normal operations but also
improvements that can be made.

Our response is working as designed. We are meeting the needs and expectations of our customers
and communities. Our major projects remain on track, and our capital plan is unchanged. The actions
of our employees in the midst of this pandemic have been exemplary. They have shown once again
their dedication and resilience to work through hurdles to safely keep the power and gas flowing for our
customers. I cannot express how proud I am of our Entergy family. Entergy has a critical role to play, and
this is the time that we must step forward, not back. Our customers and communities are depending on us
more than ever to power their homes as many work remotely or have responsibilities to care for children

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

and loved ones at home. Businesses like grocery stores and pharmacies require reliable power to continue
to operate and address essential needs, and our health care workers are relying on us to keep hospitals,
clinics and care facilities powered. In short, the services we provide are vital to helping our customers, our
communities, our families and our neighbors successfully manage this crisis. It's a great responsibility that
we do not take lightly.

Our capital investment plan is also a critical component for our economy and our communities. Our plan
is designed to benefit our customers while also creating jobs and stimulating the economies in the states
where we operate. We have taken specific actions for each of our stakeholders.

For employees still working at plants and in the field, we've implemented preventative measures so they
can focus on safety on and off the job. We're suspending disconnects for customers, which is important in
times where many may not have a steady income. We are talking with regulators about the importance of
keeping our capital plan on track to preserve the reliability and economic benefits for our customers and
our communities. And we're talking to our largest customers to understand the issues they face and to
determine how we can support them. Our supply chain team is working diligently with suppliers to ensure
we have what we need to keep our operations and major projects on track.

We're working with regulators to support timely resolution of both special and routine matters. We
have received accounting orders to defer costs associated with COVID-19 in 4 of our jurisdictions, and
we expect to receive a similar order for Entergy New Orleans in the near future. We're grateful for the
leadership and partnership that our commissions have demonstrated.

We are also supporting our communities through a COVID-19 response fund. Our charitable foundation,
employees and executive team have already committed more than $1.3 million to help community
nonprofits in qualifying customers who are struggling with the financial impact of the pandemic.

Looking ahead, uncertainty remains as to the depth and length of this pandemic. But today, we are
affirming our guidance and outlooks as we see a path to achieve those results. The foundation that
supports the strength and sustainability of our business remains in place. We have among the lowest
retail rates in the country. Our capital plan benefits our customers and our local economies. We have
constructive and progressive regulatory mechanisms. We are a leader in critical measures of sustainability.
We have one of the cleanest large-scale generation fleets. And while we have seen some recent slowdown
in industrial activity, our industrial base is among the most economically advantaged in the world, and
we expect they will lead the recovery in their respective industries. The foundation that we've established
over time remains firm, and we are committed to our objectives and are resolved to be the premier utility.
This is what makes Entergy a compelling long-term investment.

In April, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend as planned. As part of that decision, the
Board considered our response to the current situation, a scenario analysis regarding future uncertainty
and the strength of our business going forward. We are committed to creating sustainable value for all of
our stakeholders, including our owners and the dividend declaration is consistent with that objective.

Now I'll turn to our strategic execution. Today, we are reporting solid first quarter adjusted earnings
per share of $1.14. And while the pandemic has affected the way we do business, it hasn't stopped us
from making progress against our key deliverables. We placed Lake Charles Power Station in service in
March, well ahead of schedule and on budget. This new resource is another milestone in our portfolio
transformation strategy to replace older generation with cleaner, more efficient assets, and it will provide
important benefits to our customers.

We've also made good progress at the New Orleans Power Station. Commissioning of the plant is in
progress, and we recently synchronized the units to the grid for the first time. We expect that project
to come online in June. Our other major generation projects remain on track. We are not experiencing
any significant equipment or staffing issues. This is a testament to the experience of our capital projects
management team and the strength of our relationships with our suppliers and contractors.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

We continue to deploy automated meters as planned. We're more than 1/3 of the way through our AMI
project with 1.3 million meters installed. We are leveraging the data from these meters to understand
changes in usage among our various customer segments.

In April, we received approval for Sunflower Solar in Mississippi and Searcy Solar in Arkansas. These
100-megawatt resources will be the largest utility-owned solar projects in their states. Large-scale solar
facilities provide the most cost-effective solar power for all customers, keeping rates low while delivering
the best value for renewables. Both facilities are expected to be in service in 2021.

As part of our firm commitment to provide our customers with greater renewable power options, we
expect to meet even more of our supply planning needs with renewables as technology and economics
continue to improve. Since our last earnings call, we announced 2 new requests for proposals for
generation assets. Entergy Texas is seeking proposals for 1,000 to 1,200 megawatt combined cycle gas
turbine in mid-2025 to mid-2026. Entergy Texas will include a self-build option and submissions are due
in August. Entergy Louisiana is seeking 250 megawatts of new build solar resources. The RFP will accept
proposals for owned and contracted projects with targeting service dates of no later than the end of 2023.

We continue to implement rate changes through our formula rate plans and riders. New rates recently
were implemented in Mississippi, and these included a new vegetation management rider. In Texas, we
filed a new distribution rider. Entergy Louisiana plans to request renewal or extension of its formula rate
plan, and we will make our final -- our annual FRP filing in Arkansas this coming July.

In April, we received an initial decision from the administrative law judge in one of system energy's
open dockets at FERC. I won't go through all the details. Feel free to call David if you need additional
explanations. The bottom line is that we disagree with much of the initial decision, and we believe that it
incorrectly seeks to resolve the important policy issues that FERC ultimately must opine on. The actions
we've taken create significant benefits for our retail customers, and we feel strongly that our positions on
the law and the facts are correct. We will file our brief on exceptions in June, asking FERC to reject the
adverse rulings in the initial decision, and we look forward to the FERC's review. There is no mandated
deadline for the commission's decision.

At EWC, Indian Point Unit 2 was shut down on April 30. This milestone brings us one step closer to fully
exiting the merchant business. We remain committed to our employees, and all qualified employees who
are willing to relocate have been offered positions. We look forward to them starting the next phase of
their careers with us. As you can see, it's already been a very active and productive start to the year.

COVID-19 is a global pandemic that is affecting lives around the world. At Entergy, we activated our
response plan early, which positions us well to face the challenges head on. We were prepared, and we will
remain diligent, focused and flexible to ensure we make the right decisions at the right times to mitigate
the impacts as best we can. While uncertainty remains for all of us, we have made progress against our
key strategic deliverables while meeting the needs and expectations of our customers and communities in
this critical time. Our major projects remain on track. Our capital plan is unchanged, and the foundation
that supports the long-term strength of our business and makes Entergy a compelling investment
remains in place. We are stepping forward, not back, to be leaders in our communities at a time when
they need us the most. Recent events have not changed our objective to create sustainable value for
our stakeholders or weakened our resolve to be the premier utility that can deliver on its commitments
through economic cycles.

Before I turn it over to Drew, I encourage you to read our recently released 2019 integrated report,
building the premier utility. The report outlines what we believe it takes to be the premier utility and
why we're well on our way. I'm also happy to confirm that we still plan to host an Analyst Day this year.
Because the situation of COVID-19 continues to be fluid, the event will be virtual. We also plan to delay
the event until later in the year, most likely in late October. We look forward to continuing our conversation
with you about our strategy to continue to grow our business for the long term. Stay tuned for more
details.

I will now turn the call over to Drew, who will review our first quarter results as well as our outlooks.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. Similar to Leo's sentiment, I'd like to express my appreciation
for all those helping the people and communities affected by COVID-19. The extraordinary efforts of
so many are inspiring. That includes our employees, who have quickly adapted to changing working
conditions. They have once again risen to the challenge, as they have so many times in the past. I'll
review the quarter results and then move to guidance and the longer-term outlook. But before I get to
that, I want to highlight the bottom line for Entergy.

After a solid first quarter, we are affirming our adjusted EPS guidance and outlooks. We expect revenue
to be $120 million to $140 million lower as a result of COVID-19. We are implementing $100 million of
identified spending reductions for 2020. We received constructive regulatory accounting orders to defer
COVID-19 costs. Our capital plan remains the same, our liquidity remains strong, and we still do not see a
need for equity until 2021. Those are the key takeaways.

Our first quarter results were solid as stay-at-home orders did not begin until very late in the quarter. As
you can see on Slide 8, on a per-share basis, Entergy adjusted earnings were $1.14, $0.32 higher than
first quarter 2019 due to increased earnings at the utility.

On Slide 19, you'll see the primary drivers for the utilities' positive quarter were straightforward. We saw
the positive effects of rate actions in Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas. O&M was lower as we
took action to reduce spending in response to mild weather, which was apparent early in the quarter. And
we had favorable tax benefits, a portion of which was shared with our customers. You'll also see a higher
effective tax rate at parent and other, which partially offset this. Higher depreciation and interest expenses
resulting from our continued growth also partially offset the increase, as did the higher share count.

On Slide 11, EWC's as-reported loss was $0.55 compared to positive earnings of $0.50 a year ago. Losses
on decommissioning trust investments and lower revenue, primarily due to the shutdown of Pilgrim, were
the main drivers. Partially offsetting the decline was lower O&M, lower impairment charges and a tax item
recorded in the first quarter of 2019.

Slide 12 shows a nearly $160 million increase in operating cash flow. The main drivers were higher
collections for fuel and purchase power costs and a roughly $65 million reduction in the unprotected
excess ADIT returned to customers. The first quarter also benefited from higher nuclear insurance
refunds and lower nuclear refueling outage spending at EWC. Unfavorable weather and higher pension
contributions partially offset the increase.

Now I'd like to talk about our 2020 guidance and our longer-term outlooks. On Slide 13, we are affirming
our 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range of $5.45 to $5.75, and our 2021 and 2022 outlooks remain
unchanged.

We've laid out the path to achieve our results on Slide 14 so that you can better understand our
current expectations. I'd like to give you some context. In 2020, we expect sales to be lower due to the
unfavorable weather we experienced in the first quarter and the impact of COVID-19.

On Slide 15, we've developed a point of view on sales for the remainder of 2020 based on extensive
discussions with our industrial and commercial customers and analysis of data available from our
advanced meters. On a weather-adjusted basis, we expect commercial and industrial sales to be lower
than the original guidance assumption. Commercial sales are expected to have the largest decline at 9.5%
for the full year. The most impacted are schools, restaurants, movie theaters and churches as stay-at-
home orders have shuttered many of these institutions temporarily.

Industrial sales are expected to be 7% lower, and our refinery and fuel customers have been the most
impacted. Although refiners in our region have been less affected than in other parts of the country. This
is partially offset by residential sales about 2% higher as usage per customer increases due to stay-at-
home orders. As you can see, we expect second quarter to be the most impacted, assuming stay-at-home
orders start to phase out in mid-May to early June. We then expect slow improvements through the year
as the economy recovers.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

We will work to mitigate the impact of lost sales. This includes a $100 million reduction in O&M spending
for 2020 on Slide 16. That will not affect safety or reliability. We've already identified where we will
achieve these savings. We are reducing employee expenses, reducing contractor and consulting work,
prioritizing when vacancies are filled and adjusting the timing and scope of power generation outages.
These are extraordinary times for our customers and communities and extraordinary times demand
extraordinary measures. While we are taking these onetime measures to compensate for the lower sales
we anticipate this year, we continue to look for efficiencies in our business to drive long-term value for all
of our stakeholders.

Our work over the last few years to improve our regulatory frameworks also helps further mitigate
impacts, and we are utilizing efficient regulatory mechanisms available to us. We have formula rate
plans in 4 of our 5 jurisdictions and 3 have forward-looking features. These plans reset rates annually. In
addition, 2 jurisdictions, Arkansas and Mississippi, have look back provisions to take into account under or
over earnings from the previous year. And as Leo mentioned, we've received accounting orders in Texas,
Mississippi, Arkansas and Louisiana for the deferral of costs resulting from COVID-19.

We are aware that there are -- that these are very difficult times for our customers and their families.
Therefore, we are implementing new customer payment plans to help make bills more manageable.
In addition, we are developing new tools such as accelerating regulatory liabilities to reduce customer
bills now versus in the future. We are also cognizant of the economic impact COVID-19 is having on our
communities and we're working to keep our capital plan on track while using local workforces so that our
customers and our communities can reap the benefits from those investments, such as economic stimulus
and improved reliability.

Looking ahead to 2021 and 2022, we expect some of the economic effects of COVID-19 to linger, and
sales are projected to be slightly below what we previously planned. Our current regulatory mechanism
will help, and we will be ready to manage O&M as necessary.

For industrial sales, our long-term expectations for growth remain largely intact. None of our planned
new or expansion projects have been canceled, although a few have announced delays. Long-term
forward commodity spreads remain supportive of key industries in our region. And while there is
uncertainty around the COVID-19 recovery and future oil prices, our industrial base remains among the
most economically advantaged in the world due to low-cost feedstock, highly flexible modern facilities,
economies of scale, world-class infrastructure, a highly productive workforce, supportive communities
and easy-to-access domestic and global markets. We expect they will lead recovery in their respective
industries.

This is our plan today, but obviously, uncertainty remains for all of us as to the depth and length of
the COVID-19 impact going forward. In the event things turn out differently, there would be a number
of factors to consider. Near term, there is timing as the seasonality of sales could result in different
outcomes, and we would look to O&M to help to the extent possible without affecting safety and reliability.
Longer term, regulatory processes would address revenue deficiencies over time, and we would look to
continuous improvement to help offset customer impacts.

Our liquidity position remains strong. As you can see on Slide 17, as of March 31, our net liquidity,
including storm reserves, was over $3.2 billion. We've had success accessing capital markets despite
market volatility, and we've issued nearly $1.1 billion in new long-term debt so far this year, all at the
operating companies. This covers the operating company maturities and helps fund our capital plan. In
addition, we have renewed the lines of credit at 2 of the operating companies, which also provides liquidity
in times of need. We still plan to access the debt market to fund $450 million of parent bonds that mature
later this year.

Our credit metrics are outlined on Slide 18. Our parent debt to total debt is 22.2%, and our FFO to debt
is 14.3%. The FFO metric includes the effects of returning $236 million of unprotected excess ADIT to
customers over the last 12 months. Excluding this giveback and certain items related to our exit of EWC,
FFO to debt would have been 16%. While we remain committed to achieving FFO to debt at or above
15%, our customer support to offset COVID-19 impact will push our timing to fourth quarter 2021. We
have had conversations with the rating agencies on this, and they have publicly expressed their intent

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

to take a long-term view regarding COVID-19 impacts. Finally, we still do not see a need for equity until
2021.

Another topic that may be on your mind is pension. As of March 31, our pension asset balance was
$5.4 billion. And through April, this had improved to $5.7 billion. The March 31 pension asset balance is
incorporated into our outlooks. As we have stated, these are extraordinary times for everyone, and we
have a vital role to play to help our customers and our communities successfully manage this crisis. We
are well positioned to manage these challenges head on. At this time, although economic uncertainty
remains, we have a path to achieve our financial objectives. And as Leo said, we will continue to monitor
the economy and remain diligent, focused and flexible to mitigate impact as best we can.
Now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim
Partners.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just a couple of questions here. So first, thinking about the headwinds you were calling out at this point,
the $100 million to $120 million. You mentioned some relief for COVID cost. Can you just be specific on
what those costs are, how we should think about ultimate recovery, how long you can kind of defer them?
And then thinking about the cost reductions you pull today to offset the COVID impact, are these onetime
in nature? Or could we sort of think about them as being somewhat perpetual ongoing benefits? And I
have a follow-up.

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So I'll address the cost so far. So I think there's kind of 2 buckets of costs that we're looking at,
some are incident response costs. And those include things like more PP&E (sic) [ PPE ], hand sanitizer,
masks and things like that. There's also cleaning costs associated with that, and then costs associated
with moving people around and things like that. Those types of dollars at this point are fairly limited. We
expect them to -- for the year to be somewhere in the $15 million range right now, and we've incurred
less than half of that so far. We're anticipating, as we get back to work, there will be more cleaning costs,
for example, and more PP&E (sic) [ PPE ] that we have to provide over the course of the year. The other
bucket of cost is related to potential bad debt expense. And that is -- we haven't incurred anything of that
nature to date and we probably won't for a while, but those are the kind of -- those costs we would expect
to incur as well. In terms of the magnitude of that, historically, we've seen about $25 million of bad debt
expense. And we have, in past experiences like 2008, 2009 financial crisis or Katrina, Rita, that kind of
environment, we've seen anywhere from $10 million to $20 million of incremental bad debt expense in a
year. Of course, this could be a little bit worse than that. And we're working hard to make sure that we
mitigate that. Leo mentioned new payment plans, working to make sure that our customers have access
to light/heat funds and information on how to access the Paycheck Protection Program.

And as I also mentioned in my remarks, we're trying to accelerate some future regulatory liability
payments to today to try and mitigate some of those impacts on customer bills. So all of that plays into
trying to make sure that customer bills are as low as possible to mitigate what the bad debt expense
might ultimately be as well.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then just you guys -- last question, you guys always have some really good insight into your
customer trends, right? How much growth do you see being deferred from '20? The new assumptions call
out '21 and beyond of potential economic impact as a headwind. Are you quantifying '21 versus just being
slightly lower? And assuming this backdrop is more protracted versus kind of your own internal planning
assumptions, do you have these incremental levers like today's cost cuts to mitigate? Or could that start
to pressure your growth guide, maybe through CapEx referrals that may become secondary in nature? I
mean, it sounded like, from Leo's comments, you guys are very confident around the plan. So I just want
to -- under the assumption this is more protracted, do you see any kind of concerns around growth CapEx,
5% to 7%? Or you have enough levers at your disposal, I guess?

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

All right. There was a lot in that. I will start with the customer trends piece and then talk about O&M
and then finish with CapEx. So on the customer trends piece, the expectation in our outlook right now is
that our sales will be about 1% below what we were planning in '21 and '22. Obviously, there's a lot of
uncertainty associated with that. So we are also running scenarios to think about what it might be if it's
something lower than that. Once we get out a couple of years, we should have gone through regulatory
processes in each jurisdiction, and that should help us. But at the same time, we are also working on,
okay, so what other O&M management tools might we have at our disposal to work our way through
that. The further we get out, the more sustainable we really need these cost changes to be, unlike this
year. This year, there's -- as we mentioned, there's a lot of onetime items. And we're trying to look for
additional continuous improvement in the O&M category that is more sustainable. But we'll really need to
rely on our skills to develop that -- those opportunities as we go forward to manage that a little bit more.
There will always be onetime levers within a given year that we have, but we will -- on a long-term basis,
we'll want to rely on continuous improvement.

And then finally, in regards to growth CapEx, we currently don't have any plans to change our growth
capital or our capital at all for that matter. We think it's important for our communities and our customers
for us to continue to make those investments. We think we have the capacity and liquidity to do that.
There's no concerns there. If, for some reason, it was lower for longer from a sales perspective, it might
start to shift around the nature of that capital. So for example, if we no longer needed some transmission
capital to meet NERC reliability standards, there may be other capital that we think would be very
important for our customers in the distribution space. So there's a lot of levers still to manage things
going forward. But hopefully, that answers all of the nuances of your one question.

Leo P. Denault
Chairman & CEO

This is Leo. Let me just -- I just want to add, from the standpoint of pulling the levers, the process that
we're utilizing right now, while it's kind of accelerated a little bit, it's same process we were using last
year, for example, to flex up and down. So the process had actually, as you'll notice in the first quarter, the
process had already begun because we knew we were going to be challenged by a traditional headwind,
which was weather in the first quarter. So those processes year-on-year are going to be the same ones
that we have kind of developed as part of the culture and the DNA of the company and just the planning
process. And the continuous improvement that Drew mentioned is something that we were working
through as well. And obviously, we'll even find some continuous improvement, I think, out of response to
the event that will help us going forward.

And then I just wanted to really jump in on the capital plan. And obviously, the capital plan is a major
reliability improvement to our customers is what it's been about. And with 90% of this, greater than
90% of the capital plan all being about a technological improvement in the reliability and the service
level that we provide our customers, whether it's through AMI or even replacing old generation with new
gas-fired generation or renewables that we're adding to the footprint. So all of it is customer enhancing.
And as Drew mentioned, and as we've talked about before, we have a significant amount of opportunity
within the distribution and customer solutions space that could step up and take the place of any, for
example, transmission investment that might get shifted around. But an important aspect of where we
sit today, and this has been the extent of the dialogue that we've had with the states, whether it be at
the administration level or at the regulatory level. The biggest problem that the United States has at
the moment is unemployment in addition, outside of, obviously, the virus. And we are in a position to
step forward with the capital plan and to make sure that we keep people working. And I'm just going to
give you a couple of statistics that might be useful for you to think about. During the storms that we had
over Easter weekend in Arkansas, we obviously had to restore power, and that was a pretty significant
event. But as we restored power, we had about 2,000 people in Arkansas staying in hotel rooms that
otherwise they wouldn't have stayed in, eating meals that otherwise wouldn't have been eaten. So there
was an effective 14,000 nights in hotel rooms that occurred only because Entergy was there. There was
an effective 40,000 meals that were served only because Entergy was there. That is the kind of economic
impact that we have, not just on the people we hire, whether it be our employees or our contractors. But
as we go into the community, and there is those multiplier effects that we talk about quite often that are
significant that usually are put up there by an economist at LSU or something like that. But these are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

real people serving real meals to our employees that were probably working that week, but not the week
before or the week after. So the capital plan is important for more than just improving the reliability of the
system and the service level that we provide our customers, it's important to those communities as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just wanted to follow-up on the last set of questions, I'll throw in a quick follow-up. But starting with
the last set. How do you think about your FRPs across the various states and those rate caps against the
need to ensure earning at your returns, and at the same time, recognizing the consistency commitment
to invest capital? I imagine, obviously, twin goals seems like you had a little bit more latitude than you
had historically in those annual filings, first off. And then the second one is just if you can quantify the
potential impact of that SERI decision from the ALJ. That's a quick one.

Roderick K. West
Group President of Utility Operations

All right. It's Rod. I'll start on the FRPs and perhaps Drew will follow-up. In Louisiana and Arkansas,
Mississippi and New Orleans, we just mentioned that 4 of our 5 jurisdictions had FRPs in effect. Those
FRPs are working as designed. And to the extent that the COVID cost might operate beyond the FRPs,
we have the accounting orders that we just referenced. We're seeking to renew the FRPs in Louisiana
and Arkansas. Of course, in Mississippi, we don't have a sunset provision. But those FRPs are working as
designed to address many of the changes in sales as we're forecasting. So from an FRP perspective, the
efficient recovery mechanism we have in each of the states is giving us the relative confidence we have
around what we're forecasting. And it's incorporating the various puts and takes with O&M and projected
sales. So it's working as designed, it's certainly part of the case we're making to renew them in Arkansas
and Louisiana. So from that vantage point, we think the FRPs are working as designed.

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

And I'll just add, you asked about the rate path. Our expectation for the rate path is that we would still be
at or below inflation. Now you have to take into account the excess ADIT that we have been given back
last year, if you leap off of 2019. But it's still a very low growth rate for our rates and our bill path.

And then you asked about ROEs. As Leo was talking about, we have an important role to play in the
community right now in terms of putting capital to work to not only benefit our customers but also to
drive economic activity. And in order to do that, we have to make sure that we maintain adequate credit
and liquidity. And our retail regulators know that. We've been in conversations with them about that. And
so they are also committed to make sure that we have the credit and liquidity we need to do the things
that are required to support our customers and our communities. So I think that's -- I think that will help
address some of the ROE question as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just want to start off, I guess, what you guys are seeing across your footprint right now in your different
jurisdictions, you start to see certain areas start to open up and just wondering kind of maybe more real
time, like what type of trends are you seeing from your larger customers ramping up? And what kind of
line of sight have you gleaned from that, that kind of informs your guidance here?

Roderick K. West

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Group President of Utility Operations

Yes. And this is Rod again. I think in the -- across the customer segments, we alluded to it earlier,
certainly in the residential segment, the stay-at-home orders have certainly driven the expected
experience of high usage per customer in that segment. A lot of variability across the commercial
customer segments, as Drew alluded to, where we saw schools and restaurants, movie theaters and
churches experiencing the brunt of the near-term demand erosion. In the industrial sector, we've been
in constant communication, aside from the AMI data that we're tracking on a day-to-day basis, we've
been in constant communication with those larger industrial customers around their respective outlooks.
We're paying as much attention to the various components of their value chain as perhaps they might.
And they've given us relative comfort that the data we're receiving from AMI is supportive of our point of
view that about approximately 10% demand erosion that we're experiencing in the last several weeks is
likely to be stable until such time as the economy recovers. Certainly, in the refining and primary metals
segment, we expected those segments to be harder hit in driving some of the downturn, and that's played
out in a way that we expected. And that -- I say that with all of the uncertainty that still remains around
the timing of the economic recovery relative to our ability to get testing and tracing and things of that
nature. And so the engagement, in addition to the AMI data, the engagement with customers, has really
reinforced what we're seeing. And certainly, it plays out differently from state to state. But the significant
presence of our industrial base is in Louisiana and Texas, and that's where we've seen the lion's share of
volatility within that 10% range.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That makes sense. And then maybe just picking up on that last point for the longer-term for the industrial
petchem load. It seems like the Brent Henry Hub spread kind of being a proxy for naphtha-ethane spread
has been a key determinant of the U.S. Gulf Coast competitive advantage across the global cost curve,
given the favorable feedstock there. Do you worry that the dynamic of a tighter crude oil to nat gas
spread narrows this competitive advantage and kind of adversely impacts future loan growth versus prior
expectations?

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, this is Drew. So we are closely monitoring that spread. That's one of the ones that we pay close
attention to as well for the very reason that you mentioned. And obviously, near term, that spread is not
as healthy as it has been historically, but we do expect it to return to where it was and continue to provide
economic advantage for our Gulf Coast industrial customers going forward. And we do see those spreads
and others like them being healthy if you look out on a long-term basis. But we recognize that near term,
they're a little bit more challenged. It does not change some of the other advantages that we do have that
I listed off in my remarks, but that is one that we are paying close attention to.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Most of my questions have been addressed. I just wanted to go into tax in a little more detail. I think the
change in guidance in terms of the tax is about a net improvement of around $0.18 a share. And I wonder
if you could just give a little color around what the changes were. I guess, I see an IRS settlement and
stock-based comp. Could you sort of explain what the changes were in a little more detail?

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Stephen. The main one is the IRS settlement which -- that we completed in the quarter. That
settlement had to do with Isaac securitization costs from several years ago. And while there is a tax

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

benefit on the tax line, much of that is offset in the revenue through customer givebacks. And that is net
about $0.05 only. The other stuff is like the stock-based compensation, that's just annual true-ups that
occur each year whenever stock vests and we true-up from a tax perspective. There is no true-up from a
GAAP perspective, that's why there's a difference there.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Understood. And I understand the expectation is now for an 18% effective income tax rate this year.
Longer term, approximately, where do you see your effective income tax rate being, just so we're trying to
think through your longer-term earnings power properly?

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

It's similar to where we had it previously, around the 22% range.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Vertical Research Partners.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Just a quick question on -- previously, you said you thought that equity from 2021 would be on the order
of 5% to 10% of utility investment. But with some of this, if you're going to accelerate some of these
regulatory liabilities and maybe have a cash impact, is that still a good number? Or should we be thinking
about recalibrating that scale once we get after 2020?

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

That's -- I think that's still a good number. We're very careful about the way that we are moving reg
liabilities forward. They are either increasing rate base because they are coming out or we are discounting
them to make sure that we are economically neutral, such that we have more cash flow in the future. So
that's -- either way, we should have the financing headroom to move some of those liabilities forward. It's
going to -- those kinds of choices will impact the current year's FFO to debt ratio, but there should be a
little bit better headroom in that ratio going forward as a result.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Okay. Great. And then you mentioned, Drew, wanting to keep rate, the rate path below inflation. Have
your views of inflation, as you make, in the plan changed? And can you share sort of what your number is
that you're using for longer-term inflation?

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

That's an excellent question, Jonathan. I wish I knew what inflation was going to be. We used 2% as a
rule of thumb for that, kind of the benchmark that we look at, adding $3 trillion of fiscal stimulus, we don't
really know what that will do for inflation.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Fair enough. Okay. But it's good to know what your number is. And then I think that was -- and just
one thing, I was trying to reconcile the Slide 15 on retail sales, which shows that -- I think that shows
what you're expecting industrial to be down 7% for the year. And then Slide 41 has a 1.5% number on
industrial? Is that just a typo? Or is there a different basis of what you're telling us there?

Andrew S. Marsh
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Yes, there are 2 different bases. The one on Slide 15 is versus our original guidance. And as you will
recall, we were planning to be up about 6% or 5.5%, 6%, 6.5%. I can't remember the exact number, but
-- and you subtract out the 7% you're getting to the...

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

I got it. Okay. So the guidance had the uptick and that's it.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Wolfe.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Just wanted to reask the question that was asked earlier about the SERI decision on ALJ. And if that were
finalized, even though you don't think it will be, what the impact would be?

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

So this is Drew. And yes, thanks, Steve, for picking that up. We didn't quite get to it on Julien's question,
so I appreciate you reasking it. The impact is laid out in the Q. As Leo mentioned, there are a lot of
details. There's 2 components to the ruling that came through associated with lease payments and
uncertain tax positions and the amounts are in there. The lease payments is a little bit unclear because
the calculation from the ALJ wasn't provided specifically. So we don't, but the bottom line is we don't think
there will be a very large impact there. The larger one is the uncertain tax positions. And as the ALJ laid it
out, if you include the refund and the interest, it looks like it's close to about $600 million.

As Leo mentioned, we believe that we have the right policy perspective, and that the ALJ's ruling is
interim, and the FERC is the one that would drive policy decisions. And we would also note that in that
calculation, even though the ALJ wrote about it, the ALJ did not include offsets that are included -- that
you might include in there, like interest that we've been paying to the IRS for the position over time. And
that would reduce that $600 million down to a little less than -- or probably a little bit more than half of
what the ALJ put out. And of course, the overall impact of that would basically be the financing cost of
whatever that number would ultimately be.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And just -- so that would be obviously a onetime refund. Just is there any -- aside from financing
that as a risk, would there be any other ongoing earnings impact or just a one-time?

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

Well, the lease payments, they indicated that the lease payment would not be able to continue. That's
what the ALJ wrote, which is about $17 million a year. And then, of course, the onetime would be a
change in our rate base on an ongoing basis for deferred tax position. So we have that as well.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. One other question. Just the -- you probably said this, but maybe I'm still just not clear on it. Just in
terms of the base assumptions you're using for your kind of sales forecast now, how would we track kind
of progress or reopening soon and then slow recovery? And that's kind of how to think about kind of the
base economic assumption that you're using?

Roderick K. West
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Group President of Utility Operations

Yes. This is Rod. I'll start. The base assumption is that sometime in the early summer, that is later in this
month into June, we'll begin to see a change in the stay-at-home orders. And that dynamic will begin the
upswing in the economy. The outlook through 2020, particularly from an industrial growth perspective is
essentially that 10% reduction in industrial demand that's driving the overall growth for the utility would
then begin to see a slower uptick. And then as Drew laid out, in '21 and '22, we expect the drivers of our
growth to still be driven by industrials as the commercial and residential sort of normalizes to our pre-
COVID point of view.

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

And Steve, I'll just add that the timing of all that matters a lot. So if the current economic environment
lingers through the summer and there -- people are more at home than what we're planning because
they're not working, that could be a sales improvement for us because of the higher residential load that
we typically experience in the summertime. So if that -- if they were to linger all the way through the end
of the year, of course, the summer would end and it would fall back into what we're kind of expecting on
the second quarter, which would not be as positive. But the timing of this does matter.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Real quickly, the O&M savings, the $100 million, do you expect that to be kind of a permanent savings
level? Or do you expect all of that to come back and we should -- embedded in '21 or '22 forecast?

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. This is Drew, Michael. We are currently considering that to be onetime savings.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

So it's O&M that will go away, but effectively, it would come back in future years, maybe not all in 2021,
but over time. So not leading to a permanent kind of O&M reduction?

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It's not permanent. The timing of it, some of it depends. We're already working to -- because some of
it is deferrals to 2021, so we're working to even offset those in 2021 in our forecast. But I would say that
they're just onetime, and then they don't really relate to future periods at this point.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Okay. And can you remind us, in your multiyear EPS forecast, what is assumed for kind of an O&M growth
rate off of 2019?

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

We were saying that we were going to come in at about $2.65 billion for utility and parent O&M, and then
we were going to keep that flat.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Got it. Okay. Great. And then last thing on EWC. Can you remind me, do you expect EWC to send cash up
to the parent or need cash infusions from the parent over the next couple of years?

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

We have said that we expect it to be net cash positive to the parent. Not by a lot, but by little. And as we
get closer to the end, it's -- that is getting -- it's trending to 0 because we're very much close to the end
of EWC. But right now, it's still net cash positive to the parent.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then I'll keep one last one. The RFP for new gas generation in Texas. Just curious, does the
change in the outlook for demand change the need for the size and scale of that unit?

Leo P. Denault
Chairman & CEO

At this point in time, no. As you recall, Michael, the new generation is typically replacing older generation
with a much more efficient, lower cost, more environmentally sound unit. So this is all part of that
portfolio transformation strategy that we had, where the net adds to our capacity are relatively small
compared to the amount of generation that we're adding. I think actually within the next year, we may
pare down 3 old plants. And we're deactivating units as well. And up until this past year, when we put
the couple of new units in service, we were pretty well as many megawatts as we added, that's what we
were deactivating. So it's not -- as I mentioned earlier, when you look at the capital plan, over 90% of
the capital plan is driven by this improvement in the level of service through a technological overhaul
across all 4 functions that we invest in, whether it's generation, transmission, distribution or customer
solutions. And that is going to continue. And as Drew mentioned, to the extent some of our reliability
investment in transmission is kind of like a Lake Charles project was a couple of years ago, after the fact
beefing up the system to serve load that had already been there, to the extent that, that might change,
where we've got a whole host of distribution and customer solutions opportunities that could take its
place. A lot of which actually drive down the cost, while they improved the level of service for customers,
so they're a good option for us to make. So I mean, I know it's a bit of a long answer to your question,
Michael, but keep in mind, 90-plus percent of the capital plan is driven by that reliability improvement,
technological improvement across the system and benefiting customers. And then obviously, in the nearer
term, we're overlaying on that fact that there's a lot of jobs created by the work we do. And if there's one
thing everybody can agree on, more people need to be working today rather than fewer.

Operator

Our final question for today comes from the line of Sophie Karp from KeyBanc.

Sophie Ksenia Karp
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Most of my questions have been answered, but maybe I could just quickly follow-up on Indian Point. Just
checking if there are any disruptions in the process that you're going through from the wide shutdowns in
New York State.

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Sophie. Thanks. For Indian Point, no change. Indian Point 2 shutdown, as Leo mentioned, April
30, and it's currently being defueled. As far as the processes around the sale of Indian Point, those were
initially slightly delayed, but we still have plenty of time. We don't expect to close on that transaction until
about this time next year. So we have plenty of time to continue to work through the processes in New
York and the NRC. And we still believe that the interest in New York are in line with ours, looking for a way
to expeditiously decommission Indian Point is the goal and working with Holtec to make that happen. We
believe this continues to be the best option. So no real changes at any point at this time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Operator

Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the
program back to David Borde for any further remarks.

David Borde
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Jonathan, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our annual report on Form
10-Q is due to the SEC today and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements.
Also, as a reminder, we maintain a web page as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called
Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important
milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material
information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this
concludes our call. Thank you very much.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the
program. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

