Entergy Corporation NYSE:ETR
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, November 03, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.46

2.45

(0.41 %)

0.76

5.98

6.34

Revenue  (mm)

3056.29

3353.53

9.73

2299.17

10793.65

10949.16

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2021 12:58 PM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.62

1.17

1.41

2.46

0.71

1.47

1.34

2.45

14.52 %

25.64 %

(4.96 %)

(0.41 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

Leo P. Denault
Chairman & CEO

Roderick K. West
Group President of Utility
Operations

Unknown Executive

William Abler
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Brandon Phillip Travis
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Third Quarter
2021 Earnings Release and Teleconference. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over
to your host, Bill Abler, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.

William Abler
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman
and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results.

In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than
2 questions. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results
could differ materially from those forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set
forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings.

Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will
also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included
in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations
section of our website.

And now I will turn the call over to Leo.

Leo P. Denault
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Today, we are reporting quarterly results that keep us firmly
on track to meet our financial commitments. Third quarter adjusted earnings were $2.45 per share. With
good visibility into the rest of the year, we are narrowing our 2021 guidance range and $5.90 through
$6.10 per share and expect to achieve 2022 and 2023 results in line with our outlooks.

Further, we are extending our outlooks to include 2024 and see our steady predictable growth of 5% to
7% continuing through this period. Additionally, we achieved the milestone of raising our dividend by
6% and aligning with our earnings growth. This happened on the schedule we previously communicated
and represents another commitment met. We have developed a more resilient business. And despite
$65 million of nonfuel revenue losses in the third quarter due to Hurricane Ida, we are maintaining our
financial commitments.

Our resiliency provides stability that is valuable to all of our stakeholders, particularly customers and
owners. The quarter was heavily impacted by Hurricane Ida, which made landfall as a strong category for
hurricane bringing powerful destructive wins across New Orleans, Baton Rouge and beyond. Our coastal
communities were particularly hard hit by both strong winds and storm surge. Ida disrupted the lives and
businesses of many of our customers and communities and Entergy was there to help when they needed
us.

We gathered a restoration force of 27,000, our largest ever, representing Entergy employees, contractors
and mutual assistance crews from 41 states across the country. I would like to take a moment to
personally thank our employees and the crews who answered the call to come help restore power to our
impacted customers. Further gratitude goes to our employees who worked restoration despite their own
homes being damaged by Ida.

They epitomize what it means to put our customers first. I never cease to be amazed by the dedication
and effectiveness of the many restoration workers who step away from their lives for weeks at a time to
help our customers and communities get their lives and livelihoods back up and running again. Despite
Ida's wins creating significant damage and destruction across our power grid with close to 1 million peak

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

outages, our team restored customers at a rapid pace. In just over a week, we had roughly half of all
customers restored.

Metro areas like New Orleans and Baton Rouge saw restoration essentially completed by day 10. Within 3
weeks, more than 98% of all affected customers were restored. And it's easy to lose sight of the fact that
this restoration was successfully accomplished while dealing with the effects of the pandemic. Entergy also
helped our customers and communities throughout the recovery process by developing -- or deploying
165 commercial scale generators to power critical community infrastructure like medical facilities, gas
stations, grocery stores, municipal water systems and community cooling centers in advance of power
being restored.

In addition to restoration work, Entergy's employees contributed countless hours to their communities and
Entergy shareholders committed $1.25 million to help affected communities rebuild and recover. While
power has been restored to customers who can safely take it, our job is not finished. We are committed to
minimizing the effects of Ida on our customers' bills.

We will work with our regulators to seek securitization of Ida storm costs, which is a proven and low-cost
means of recovery. Further, we are coordinating with key officials and stakeholders, including Louisiana
Governor Edwards, The City Council of New Orleans, Louisiana Public Service Commission, Louisiana
Congressional Delegation and the Biden administration to seek federal support that could offset the cost of
our customers for Ida in the 2020 storms.

There is widespread alignment among state and local leaders on the compelling case that Louisiana has
to obtain federal support. We are fully aligned with this perspective. To be clear, any federal funding
that Entergy utilities obtain will reduce the customer obligation dollar for dollar. We're also committed
to mitigating the impacts of future storms. Entergy has made significant transmission and distribution
investments, nearly $10 billion over the last 5 years, which made our system more resilient.

We've seen those new investments perform well under the most challenging conditions. Wind damage to
our transmission structures, for example, has occurred most almost exclusively to older structures built to
prior standards. It has become clear that major weather events of all types are occurring more frequently
and with greater intensity.

Hurricane Laura made landfall as the strongest storm to hit the Louisiana Coast since 1856. Then exactly
12 months later, Hurricane Ida hit with almost equal force. Our resilient standards and asset programs
have never been static, and we've continued to evolve them. And as I mentioned, our investments are
working as designed.

However, the uptick in severity and frequency of storms is compelling us to take a fresh look at how we
can make our system more resilient, including the pace at which we can achieve it. Even prior to Ida, we
are actively deploying multiple options along the resiliency scale, particularly for our service areas south of
I-10 and I-12, which has the greatest exposure to hurricane-strength winds and flooding.

Evaluating these resiliency options needs to be done under future climate scenarios. And we are taking
into account important considerations such as customer affordability and sufficiency of materials and
skilled labor. This customer-driven investment will be significant, and we will work collaboratively with our
regulators and other stakeholders to determine the optimal path forward.

Coming back to the quarter, I would like to highlight that despite dealing with a major storm, the
business continued to run well without missing a beat. We've made great progress in several open
proceedings. First, Entergy Arkansas filed a unanimous settlement for its formula rate plan, and the
Arkansas Commission has agreed to cancel the hearing and take up the settlement based on the filed
testimony, which is positive.

New rates in Arkansas will be implemented in January. In New Orleans, we recently implemented rates
at the level that reflected all adjustments proposed by the council's advisers so there are no further
proceedings there. We also are pleased to note that Entergy Arkansas reached a settlement with key
customers of its Green Promise tariff filing. If approved, this tariff will enable us to offer green solutions to
meet the growing sustainability demands of our customers.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

And we're making progress on other open proceedings. In Entergy Louisiana, its FRP rates went into
effect. Entergy Arkansas received approval for the West Memphis Solar project. Entergy Texas reached
an unopposed settlement on its 2020 storm cost filing. And Entergy Texas also filed for approval of the
Orange County Advanced Power Station. And the Louisiana 2020 storm recovery and securitization process
remains on track.

We continue to make progress on decarbonizing our fleet. We've announced 5 gigawatts of solar in our
supply plan through 2030 with a goal of doing more. And an update to our supply plan and renewables
growth will be provided next week at EEI. In addition to healthy meeting -- in addition to helping meet
decarbonization goals, the cost of renewable resources relative to conventional resources continues to
trend favorably, and renewable resources provided an important edge against rising and volatile natural
gas prices.

We will provide more details around our latest resource plans at EEI. Last quarter, I discussed ways
in which Entergy can help our industrial customers meet their sustainability goals. While many have
expressed long-term goals like net-zero by 2050, even more have developed shorter-term interim goals
that will require action by the end of the decade.

Clean electrification is one of several important tools that our industrial customers have as a means to
achieve their objectives. Clean electrification provides a great opportunity for load growth and will require
significant capital investment in renewable generation, transmission and distribution.

The load growth that comes with electrification will help pay for incremental customer-centric investments.
We'll have more to discuss regarding the opportunity we have to help our customers meet their
sustainability objectives next week at EEI. While it is important to discuss these longer-term growth
opportunities, I want to make sure we don't lose sight of the very solid based investment plan that we
have in front of us.

Over the next 3 years, we have a $12 billion capital plan that is designed to deliver reliability, resilience
and improve customer experience and environmental and cost efficiency benefits to our customers. When
paired with our well-defined regulatory constructs, our plan will deliver 5% to 7% adjusted EPS growth for
our owners over the next 3 years. That's a very solid base plan.

And beyond this strong foundation, these other opportunities in renewable generation, clean electrification
and resilience acceleration will serve to extend our runway of growth throughout the rest of the decade.
We look forward to continuing the conversation with you at the EEI Financial Conference.

Now Drew will review the quarterly results.

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. Today, we are reporting solid results even with the challenges
from Hurricane Ida. Summarized on Slide 5, our adjusted earnings per share was $2.45, slightly
higher than a year ago. We continue to execute our strategy, and we are firmly on track to meet our
commitments. In fact, with 3 quarters of the year behind us, we are narrowing our guidance range to
$5.90 to $6.10. We're also affirming our outlooks and extending the outlook period through 2024, and we
recently raised our dividend to align with our adjusted EPS growth rate.

Turning to Slide 6. Our investments to improve customer outcomes continue to drive growth. That includes
rate changes to recover those investments as well as associated new operating expenses. Industrial
billed sales were 10% stronger than a year ago. We saw increases across most segments with the largest
increases in primary metals, petrochemicals, transportation, industrial gases and chlor-alkali.

This reaffirms the strength of our industrial customer base. And in a world with supply chain constraints
and higher energy prices, our industrial customers' businesses remain strong and competitive. These
industrial sales were strong despite Hurricane Ida.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Overall, across all classes, we estimate that third quarter revenues were approximately $65 million lower
as a result of Ida. Hurricane Laura's impact on third quarter 2020 was approximately half of that. Other
O&M was higher this quarter as planned. This is partly due to higher costs for distribution operations,
including reliability costs, higher expenses in our power generation function and higher health and benefit
costs.

Moving to EWC on Slide 7. You'll see results were slightly lower than a year ago. The key driver was the
shutdown and sale of Indian Point. Operating cash flow for the quarter is shown on Slide 8. The quarter's
result is about $300 million higher than last year. The increase is due largely to improved collections from
customers, including collections associated with investments to benefit customers and Winter Storm Uri.
This was partially offset by expenditures related to higher natural gas prices.

Slide 9 summarizes our credit and liquidity. We expect to maintain our current credit ratings, and we
continue to expect to achieve targeted rating agency credit metrics as storm restoration spending is
securitized and we retire storm-related debt. I'll take a minute to discuss our balance sheet, beginning
with a quick update on Hurricane Ida on Slide 10.

Over the past several weeks, we've refined our cost estimates, and we've shaved $100 million off the
upper end of the range. The total cost is now expected to be $2.1 billion to $2.5 billion. We've also
updated our estimate of the nonfuel revenue loss to $75 million to $80 million, the lower half of our
previous range. While our net liquidity, including storm reserves remained strong at $4 billion, we are also
working to ensure timely storm cost recovery. That starts with a successful restoration effort and proceeds
through 2 avenues.

First, Entergy Louisiana amended its 2020 storm filing to request an additional $1 billion to provide early
liquidity for Hurricane Ida costs. And in Texas, we reached a settlement on the 2020 storm cost filing and
that is now before the PUCT. Second, we have improved the efficiency of our storm invoice processing to
accelerate our filings and ultimately, cost recovery.

We plan to complete financing for the 2020 storms by early next year and Ida by the end of next year. And
our work isn't over, we'll continue to identify ways to further reduce business risk. As Leo highlighted, we
are looking forward to a conversation with our customers, retail regulators and other stakeholders about
how we best accelerate and implement a strong resilience plan.

We have already hardened more than half of our critical transmission and distribution structures along
the Gulf Coast to standards implemented after Katrina and Rita, continue to move the bar higher by
reevaluating current standards using the latest weather data. In addition, a comprehensive resilience
plan needs to include the strategic placement of assets to allow higher-risk communities to recover more
quickly.

For example, MicroGrid's Distributed Energy Resources and the deployment of generators, Leo highlighted
to certain critical customers and the aftermath of storms could be very helpful in supporting communities
as they recover. I go into more depth on this in our conversations with EEI.

In addition to physical resilience, our regulators know the importance of a healthy credit at the operating
companies to support customers. And they have put in place time-tested cost recovery mechanisms such
as securitization and storm reserves to support that need. We are fortunate that in looking to recover the
2020 and 2021 storm costs, we are starting with some of the lowest rates in the country.

We have significant electrification growth potential that could help pay for incremental customer-
centric investments and future storm costs. All of these will support our credit as our regulators and key
stakeholders aligned with us around a strong, resilient acceleration plan.

In addition, we continue to execute on the exit of EWC, and we're less than a year from completing our
plan. The resulting improvements were recognized by S&P last fall through our improved business risk
profile and by Moody's, just this past quarter through changes to our rating thresholds. Those changes
remain in place and our ratings reflect future storm risk. As a result, we were able to reduce our 2021 to
2024 equity need. Combined with our ATM transactions, our future equity need is more than 50% lower
than the $2.5 billion communicated at Analyst Day last year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Moving to Slide 11. We have a clear line of sight on the remainder of the year. And for the third year
in a row, we are narrowing our adjusted EPS guidance. In this case, for 2021 to $5.90 to $6.10. We
are also affirming our longer-term outlooks of 5% to 7% adjusted EPS growth and extending the 2024.
Our confidence in our solid base plan continues to grow, and a key expression of that confidence is the
dividend. For the last several years, we've discussed our goal to align our dividend growth with our
adjusted EPS growth.

Our Board of Directors recently declared a $0.06 increase in our quarterly common dividend, which is now
$1.01 per share. That's a 6% increase as planned. We expect to continue this growth trend going forward,
obviously, subject to Board approval. That's good news for our owners to provide the capital needed to
meet our customers' evolving needs.

Today, we are executing on key deliverables, and we have a solid base plan to meet or exceed our
strategic and financial objectives. In less than a week, Leo, Rod and I will be imported to meet with many
of you in person for the first time in almost 2 years. We'll provide our typical updates on considerations for
next year's earnings expectations and will provide our preliminary 3-year capital plan, including a positive
update on our expectation for renewables.

We'll also talk about the significant long-term customer-centric investment beyond our current outlooks
from renewables, clean electrification and acceleration of our system resilience. We're excited about these
opportunities ahead and look forward to talking to you about all of it at EEI.
And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just a quick question here, starting maybe high level, Leo, if it's okay. With kind of the regulatory
complaints from New Orleans, do you have a sense for how the council wants to proceed at this point? I
mean, obviously, they're looking for input into everything from operational response to ultimate ownership
of the assets. Do you envision a path where you don't own the assets anymore?

Or on the contrary, is there a negotiated outcome where the city authorizes incremental spending like
more transmission interconnection funded by E&O customers to address their concern.

Leo P. Denault
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Shar. I'd say, first of all, obviously, what we've been doing recently with the council is we've
got through the formula rate plan and got those rates in effect, both council, us as well as the LPSC
and others, as I had mentioned, we're all aligned on approaching the federal government or offsets to
customer costs through potentially CDBG funds and then even in the future in terms of storm hardening as
it relates to infrastructure. So that's really been where we are.

In terms of what's been going on recently, our focus has been really on how do we get the next steps
done and what's the logical progression to what we want to do, and that is to support the credit of E&O.
As it relates to those other items, they're still out there, and we plan to cooperate with the counsel as
they go forward. In most of those instances, we're still wanting to hear from them in terms of what their
objectives are as it relates to whether it's the ownership structure or what have you.

So those are processes that they began to the extent that they have objectives, we'll work collaboratively
with them to meet those needs. And we think that however it works out, it will work out fine for us and for
them.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. Perfect. And then just lastly for me. And then I know you sort of touched on it a little bit around
your prepared comments. And it's been obviously an immediate question with investors is just around the
storms and maybe the expenses that were incurred. Can we just maybe get an update on some of the
other mitigating factors per customer bill headroom, and you obviously talked about volumetric growth
and the macro backdrop.

But there's obviously -- and also there's work you're doing with the LPSC and New Orleans to get federal
support. But how are you, I guess, thinking about other charges rolling off and potentially having the bill
headroom to continue kind of investing in CapEx, especially as we're seeing your '24 numbers in line with
the 6% midpoint growth in '24.

So could we assume this run rate remains healthy despite some of the near-term concerns around bill
pressure and escalating storm issues?

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Shar, this is Drew. I'll tackle that first, and then I'll let Rod, Leo pitch in. So I'll mention a couple of
things. First of all, the securitization is what we're moving forward with in Texas and Louisiana for the
recent storms. But there's also a bunch of securitizations is also still rolling off, and that includes costs

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

associated with Ike and Texas. I think that comes rolls off next year. Similar in Louisiana, Gustav and Ike
are rolling off and even Isaac costs are going to start to roll off maybe in 2024.

So those are relatively near term that can take some of the pressure off of the securitization costs. Also
natural gas prices, there's been a lot of discussion about natural gas prices. Obviously, a lot of people
are experiencing higher natural gas prices and highlights some of the investments we've made in high-
efficiency CCGTs, the diversification in our fleet for nuclear, it also highlights the stronger business case for
solar.

But the forward curve for natural gas is somewhat, as you know, backwardated. And the prices get pretty
low. In fact, if you just go out a couple of years, our internal forecasts are higher than what the NYMEX
curve would say by the time you get out to something like 2024. So that's -- we don't necessarily view
that as a long-term problem. Certainly, it's a challenge for our customers right now. And starting with
Winter Storm Uri and the price spikes then. But we've already recovered all of those costs, and we're
moving forward.

And then finally, for some of the growth capital that's out there, we highlighted the 3 areas associated
with the significant potential investments, starting with resilience and accelerating our resilience program,
that's really kind of in lieu of future securitization to the extent that we can put more resilience in place
than what we were already planning that would offset the future securitization costs.

So that's a different portion of the bill, so to speak, than we would normally see. And then, of course, with
renewables, the fuel costs, the O&M associated with that. And if you look at our capital plan, and we'll
talk about this at EEI, there's been quite a bit of rotation in our capital plan in the generation space from
future CCGTs to renewables. And so that's taking up bill space that we are already planning to use.

And then finally, the clean electrification, as Leo mentioned in his remarks, that includes incremental sales,
and that should provide space for that incremental investment. So we believe that all of that should --
there are spaces for all of this to happen and even accelerate as we go forward in the next few years.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.

Brandon Phillip Travis
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is actually Brandon Travis on for Jeremy. First question, I'll follow up with a second one. Can you
just comment on the Build Back Better framework and the implications it may have on Entergy and its
current form? And then just particularly as it relates to nuclear hydrogen and renewable ahead of your
plan refresh at EEI?

Leo P. Denault
Chairman & CEO

Sure, sure. And there's a lot in there. The -- certainly, as we look for support for things like hydrogen and
support for things like existing nuclear, we view all of that in addition to continued support for renewables,
we view all that as positive towards our ability to keep a low-cost profile of the future benefits associated
with our capital plan.

We're really, really -- I guess I'll start by saying I'm cautiously optimistic that there will be an
infrastructure bills that will be passed. It's -- every day, there's new news one way or the other in terms
of how that's going, depending on who you hear from. But as you know, we are pretty well positioned in
the hydrogen space. We have a significant fleet of existing nuclear plants. We're deploying a lot of new
renewables.

So all of the -- that focus on tax credits, particularly production tax credits, is really -- we view that as
highly supportive of what we are already planning on working forward with. And we would anticipate
having the capability, at least as we're interpreting things today, and I know there's a lot of devil in the
details to come to be able to utilize as much of that as we can for the benefit of our customers.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

But again, as you know, we're very excited about the hydrogen space. As I mentioned in my remarks,
we made the filing associated with getting the Orange County Advanced Power Station, which will be
hydrogen capable, approved in Texas. With all the hydrogen infrastructure that's around us that will be
very, very important for not only us but for the industry as we look to utilize long-duration storage, a
critical factor in anyone's ability to get to net-zero by 2050.

And I'd also say that's well supported by the fact that the industrial gas customers in our service territory
are all exploring green, blue and pink hydrogen as well. And so I think specifically, we'll have to see
exactly where everything ends up, if it gets done, but we see it as really a way for us to accelerate what
we're already trying to do.

Brandon Phillip Travis
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. That's helpful. And then I was just curious on what drove the delay on the Sunflower Solar project.
If you could say that it was maybe supply chain related or if there's anything else specific that you can
point to there?

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It wasn't really supply chain related, It's just some on-site challenges that our partner ran into, but
we expected to be constructed early next year, and then we'll proceed on with it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

So just first off, I'll leave some of the bigger details for EEI, but just following up here on the opportunities
around renewables and the reconciliation, Bill. I mean -- to the extent of which direct pay happens here,
just how meaningful could this be, especially given the prospective acceleration that you all are talking
about coming with EEI here?

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

You're talking about the refundable PTCs...

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes, the refundability and how that improves your credit metrics, hopefully.

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, that would certainly help, but will also potentially change some of the investment profile that we have
because right now, we're assuming tax equity partners for all of our own transactions to facilitate the
investment tax credit today. And to the extent that there are refundable PTCs that are available and it's
more economic for our customers, then I think that we would be moving more towards 100% ownership
instead of something that looks like 70%, 75% ownership of each facility.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. Right. So it's both capital opportunity and credit metric enhancing? Or you're saying it's not
decisively credit enhancing because of the higher capital and you haven't updated the equity component
yet either.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, it probably helped a little bit, but it's -- I don't know if it's going to -- it's more neutral, I
would think, for us right now.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. Okay. That's good color. And then separately, a little bit further afield here. Any progress on
transmission here in CRE? I mean I know that's been out there for a bit. Obviously, you've got some other
sector resolving or desettling their issues here. Any thoughts?

Roderick K. West
Group President of Utility Operations

This is Rod. On the CRE front, short answer is no, the litigation matters that have been pending for some
time, as we shared before, FERC doesn't have any specified time line. We are hopeful that between the
end of this year, beginning of 2022, we'll begin to see some resolution, I think starting first with the ROE
cap structure matter. But the short answer is no material changes because it's all in FERC's domain at this
point.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

All right. Excellent. Well, I'll leave it to EEI to follow up with you for the guys. Best of luck.

Operator

Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I'll set it back to someone else, my questions have been already asked and answered.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

By the way, Rod, my team is putting in a good word for [indiscernible].

Unknown Executive

No comments...

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

We've got 2 graduates. So -- just first on the -- on the support from the federal government. And could
you just talk a little bit more about the path to kind of -- is there certain bills? Is this just going to be an
executive order? Just -- can you just talk a little bit more about how we'll learn about this?

Leo P. Denault
Chairman & CEO

Sure. So I'll start and let Rod jump in because Rod has actually been down this path before post Katrina as
it relates to CDBG funds that were acquired for New Orleans. As you know, Governor Edwards has made
an appeal to the government for funds to support recovery for a variety of reasons as it relates to 2020
storms as well as Hurricane Ida.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

And in those requests of the administration, he's put in about $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion for utility restoration
offsets for our customers. So the process has been for us to work with our congressional delegation
to the LPSC, the City Council and the governor try and convince effectively the federal government to
appropriate dollars to go. They would go through HUD to the state in the form of community development
block grants, and then we are also positioning for HUD to provide opportunity for a waiver so that the
governor can actually allocate those dollars to investor-owned utilities in addition to what munis and co-
ops and housing and other things that obviously are very, very important.

So we're working through that process right now. A lot of us have spent time with our delegations. We've
spent time at the White House. We're spending time with the agency secretaries. So all of that is in place
to try and work toward offsetting the costs associated with not only Hurricane Ida, but this would also go
back to 2020 storms, which is also part of the Governor's request. I don't know, Rod, if you have anything.

Roderick K. West
Group President of Utility Operations

Yes. And I guess the only thing that remains uncertain is the timing. Just like I made reference to FERC
and some of the SIRI things before, there is no specific timetable for the administration Congress or HUD
to act on the governor's request. It's now in their hands. I think the most significant development from
our vantage point is that we have clear alignment amongst the delegation and express support from the
White House and our governor for the utility customers. That's a big deal.

As we think back to our experiences during Katrina, it took a while to get that alignment that the objective
of offsetting on a dollar-for-dollar basis, the regulatory compact impact of storms on customer bills.
There's no lack of alignment around the desire to achieve that. So that part, we've been able to close the
gap on quicker than in prior storm or disaster events now comes the ultimate decision-making process of
allocating those funds to the states so that the governor could [indiscernible] so time line is uncertainty.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And then the same alignment as you talked about focusing on better resiliency. I mean I think
you've talked about how your newer polls have held up well to these 2 storms and -- but there's just a
huge amount of poll replacement that could be needed to broadly do that. So just as you're -- as we're
thinking about this, is this something that would likely end up being done through kind of a rate base type
mechanism or something different than that?

Roderick K. West
Group President of Utility Operations

If we were to accelerate the capital program, the short answer is yes, that if we're -- obviously, we're
mindful of affordability in this conversation. But if we were accelerating a resiliency build-out, you would
expect that we would seek some type of alignment from the regulators with some type of recovery rider
that might operate out -- might have to operate outside of an existing FRP or some adjustment to the FRP
to attack this specific asset kind of renewal and resiliency plan.

So it play out on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis, as you know. But yes, I think the answer to your
question is yes, it would play as a rate base play but on an accelerated basis outside of the normal rate
making.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And that's helpful. And then just on the -- as you mentioned, you lowered the equity financing need
by more than half when you did the update a month or 2 ago. Just any better sense on timing? And are
you still looking at options other than just straight equity issuance to facilitate that?

Andrew S. Marsh
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Yes, Steve, this is Drew. So we haven't updated anything except what we've said before. That's through
2024. And we've also said that we could accomplish all of this through the ATM program. It's -- that
doesn't mean that we aren't looking at blocks or preferreds. Those are still out there. But we would look to
do those opportunistically depending on market conditions.

And we've been executing successfully with the ATM over the last several months. We'll continue to do
that unless, like I said, an opportunistic point comes along, we can execute with the block. But otherwise,
we'll just continue to complete with our ATM, and we should get it done, fairly quickly would be my guess.

Operator

Our last question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Just a couple -- from your comments at the beginning, there's no sort of outstanding issue with the New
Orleans City Council was good to hear. But I recall at one point, they were -- they sort of prevented
you from implementing the formula rate is, does the decision effectively last week, just really move you
beyond that? Is that what we're saying?

Roderick K. West
Group President of Utility Operations

Yes. This is Rod. Yes. The decision to implement the FRP basically obviates the conversation around any
pushback on the normal operation of the formula rate plan as we had settled with the council. So that is
net positive in the continuing discussions with the council.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Great. And just more broadly, there's started to be -- I feel some noise around the cost benefit of
Entergy's membership of MISO in some of your jurisdictions. And I'm just curious whether you have any
perspective as to whether we might see any changes and what kind of -- what venue or forum.

Leo P. Denault
Chairman & CEO

So, Jonathan, obviously, our participation in MISO to date has been very valuable to our customers. We've
saved about $1.75 billion, nominally over the period of time since 2014 when we joined into 2013. So
certainly, there's been a benefit to MISO, where we see our regulators taking issue and where actually
we're supportive of them is just making sure that we get the allocation of costs of major transmission
projects done correctly. And making sure that as we would like to see that the people get the benefit to
major transmission upgrades are the ones who actually bear the cost of major transmission upgrades as
opposed to people who don't get any benefit bearing that cost.

So we're aligned with our regulators in that concept, in that theory. We're certainly not in a position
where we're looking to exit MISO at any point in time. We entered MISO because of the benefits. We've
obviously seen those benefits. But as the world evolves and as the capital plans evolve and the transition
to renewables evolve and differently north versus south, we just need to make sure that we continue to
evolve the process cost allocation in a thoughtful way. That's all.

Operator

I'll now turn the call back over to Bill Abler for closing remarks.

William Abler
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Kevin, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our quarterly report on Form
10-Q is due to the SEC on November 5 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of
conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Also as a reminder, we maintain a web page as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called
Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates on regulatory proceedings and important
milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material
information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information.

And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a
wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ENTERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

