Equinix, Inc. (REIT) NasdaqGS:EQIX
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, February 10, 2021 10:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.50

0.57

(62.00 %)

1.96

5.20

4.18

(19.62 %)

8.54

1561.38

1564.12

0.18

1590.48

5996.81

5998.54

0.03

6578.21

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-07-2021 10:36 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.81

1.63

1.71

1.50

1.38

1.52

0.74

0.57

SURPRISE

(23.76 %)

(6.75 %)

(56.73 %)

(62.00 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Katrina Rymill
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Aryeh Klein
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

David Anthony Guarino
Green Street Advisors, LLC,
Research Division

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Yong Choe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Equinix Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] Also, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn
the call over to Katrina Rymill, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. You may begin.

Katrina Rymill
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, and welcome to today's conference call. Before we get started, I would like to remind
everyone that some of the statements we're making today are forward-looking in nature and involve risks
and uncertainties. Actual results may vary significantly from those statements and may be affected by the
risks we identified in today's press release and those identified in the filings with the SEC, including our
most recent Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2020 and 10-Q filed on October 30, 2020. Equinix assumes
no obligation and does not intend to update or comment on forward-looking statements made on this call.

In addition, in light of Regulation Fair Disclosure, it is Equinix' policy not to comment on its financial
guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. In addition, we will
provide non-GAAP measures on today's conference call. We provide a reconciliation of those measures
to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and the list of the reasons why the company uses
these measures in today's press release from Equinix' IR page at www.equinix.com. We have made
available on the IR page of our website a presentation designed to accompany this discussion, along with
certain supplemental financial information and other data. We would also like to remind you that we post
important information about Equinix in the IR page from time to time and encourage you to check our
website regularly for the most current available information.

With us today are Charles Meyers, Equinix' CEO and President; and Keith Taylor, Chief Financial Officer.
Following our prepared remarks, we'll be taking questions from sell-side analysts. [Operator Instructions]
At this time, I'll turn the call over to Charles.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Katrina. Good afternoon, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. I hope that 2021
is off to a great start for all of you and that you and your loved ones are safe, healthy and ready for an
exciting year ahead. As I reflect on the extraordinary events of 2020, it's clear we are living in a time
unlike any other in our history. Without question, the COVID-19 pandemic changed nearly every aspect
of our lives. For some, the impact has been and continues to be devastating. Our hearts and our support
continue to go out to those suffering or facing great loss.

Despite the rapidly changing landscape, our focus has remained clear, ensuring the health, safety and
wellbeing of our employees, customers and partners, keeping our data centers safely operating around
the world and continuing to be a source of strength for our communities. I would like to take a moment
here to thank our employees for not only enduring but excelling in the face of adversity and for powerfully
demonstrating our commitment to be in service to: in service to each other, to our customers, to our
shareholders and to the communities in which we live and operate.

In the midst of all that has transpired, our business model has proven resilient, and we continue to
innovate, execute and deliver for our customers. We closed over 17,500 deals in 2020, reflecting the
strength of our value proposition and highlighting the tremendous scale and momentum of our go-
to-market engine. We expanded our scale and reach, both organically and through M&A, solidifying
our position as a leading digital infrastructure provider in Canada, entering the Mexico market and
announcing our GPX transaction in India, which we believe will be an ideal springboard in this large and
growing market. We completed 16 new expansions, our most active build year ever, and have a sizable
construction road map still ahead to support our backlog and healthy pipeline.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

We've introduced transformative capabilities on Equinix Fabric and Network Edge, revolutionizing the
way enterprises connect to digital infrastructure. And we launched Equinix Metal, a fully automated and
interconnected Bare Metal as a Service offering that provides even greater flexibility for customers to
place their digital infrastructure where they need it, when they need it. We also had a very active year
in the capital markets, leveraging our investment-grade ratings to refinance our debt, driving substantial
interest savings into the business as reflected in our AFFO per share metric.

For the year, we delivered $6 billion in revenue, completing our 72nd consecutive quarterly top line
increase, an amazing 18 years of continuous revenue growth. In terms of the road ahead, one post-
pandemic reality is already clear: our world is increasingly and inescapably more digital. Digital is
reshaping our everyday lives and is impacting every element of our customers' businesses, not just
how they interact with their customers, but how they interact with their data, how they collaborate and
innovate, how they support their employees, how they engage partners, how they architect their network.
Everything is changing.

Digital transformation is reshaping the competitive landscape across every sector of the global economy
and is fueling demand for a new generation of digital infrastructure, infrastructure that is more distributed,
more cloud-connected and more flexible, characteristics that represent the hallmarks of Platform Equinix.
As service providers build out their infrastructure to capture burgeoning digital demand and enterprise
customers embrace hybrid and multicloud as the architecture of choice, Equinix continues to play a key
role as a nexus for advancing their digital transformation journeys.

We believe that the overall market for digital infrastructure will continue to expand significantly, creating
a massive long-term opportunity for those providers able to adapt to the evolving needs of digital buyers.
We believe Equinix is uniquely positioned to capture this expanding addressable market, and we entered
2021 with a clear set of priorities to build on our market leadership, reinforce our competitive advantage
and invest in targeted ways to position us for sustained value creation.

First, supporting our people and strengthening our extraordinary culture will continue to be at the
center of our strategy. People are foundational to how we will navigate the challenges and opportunities
ahead. And our goal is to ensure that our culture creates a sense of opportunity and belonging for all our
employees, affording us a durable source of competitive advantage. This year, we're expanding our award-
winning sustainability ambitions, a priority that has resonated with both employees and customers as
diversity, inclusion, social justice and climate change all remain front and center on the global stage.

Equinix is an important component of greening digital infrastructure, and we have seen a significant
increase in customer interest in this area. We continue to expand our efforts around renewables coverage,
energy efficiency projects, green building certifications as well as our pursuit of science-based targets and
innovative techniques to push sustainability forward in all 3 regions.

Second, we will focus on simplifying and scaling our business to drive long-term operating leverage and
enhance our customer experience. This will include targeted efforts aimed at streamlining and automating,
ordering and billing, enabling channel self-service and delivering enhanced digital engagement options for
our customers. In parallel, we'll continue to evolve and scale our highly productive go-to-market engine,
investing in more quota-bearing headcount and leveraging our growing channel to amplify our reach to
prosecute the opportunity in front of us.

Third, we'll continue to expand our global reach with an ambitious plan across both retail and xScale in
direct response to customer demand. And fourth, we'll accelerate our digital services business, adding new
product capabilities, expanding market availability and augmenting our go-to-market motion, all aimed at
accelerating new customer acquisition and positioning us for future growth as we drive attach rate across
our expansive customer base.

Turning to our results. As depicted on Slide 3, revenues for the full year were $6 billion, up 8% year-
over-year. Adjusted EBITDA was up 8% year-over-year. And AFFO per share grew 12% year-over-year.
Interconnection revenues grew 14% year-over-year driven by strong adoption of Equinix Fabric and solid
interconnection adds. These growth rates are all on a normalized and constant currency basis.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

Our longer-term product road map and platform vision continue to advance to support our position as the
world's digital infrastructure company. We now have over 392,000 interconnections and continue to build
out ecosystem density across our metros. In Q4, we added an incremental 7,700 interconnections, more
than our top 15 competitors combined, fueled by continued strength in network and cloud connectivity.

Internet exchange saw significant increases, both in port capacity and traffic growth, with peak traffic up
8% quarter-over-quarter and 43% year-over-year driven by cloud, content and gaming segments. Equinix
Fabric also saw strong growth driven by port additions as well as existing customers upgrading to higher
speed connections and increasing their use of our inter-metro offering. We also launched a new capability
that allows Equinix Fabric users to quickly and easily connect to any other customer on Platform Equinix,
unlocking the full value of our scaled digital ecosystems. And with Equinix Fabric integration built into both
Network Edge and Equinix Metal, digital leaders are finding it easier than ever to use Equinix to create and
connect their foundational infrastructure.

In its first quarter as an Equinix-branded product, Equinix Metal demonstrated solid momentum and is
now available in 8 global metros, with plans for an additional 10 markets early this year.

On the xScale side of our business, we continue to be very pleased with our JV strategy and are making
significant progress expanding the reach and scale of that business. As planned, xScale is enabling us
to extend our product set, capture hyperscale demand and deepen cloud density, while leveraging our
balance sheet with the JV structure. We have an ambitious plan for 2021 and are resourcing xScale to
accelerate growth. Plans include incrementing our existing JVS, entering in new markets such as Australia
and evaluating new options to broaden our reach and leverage our existing land bank. We currently have
8 xScale builds underway, spanning all 3 regions, and are moving forward with the second phase of Tokyo
12, given early success in this market.

Now let me cover highlights from the verticals. Our network vertical again achieved record bookings driven
by carriers upgrading core, edge and mobile networks to address shifting traffic patterns resulting from
the pandemic as well as continued strength in enterprise resale. Network service providers have proven to
be some of our most productive channel partners, which has led to sustained momentum in this vertical.
New wins and expansions included Telia Networks, a Danish network provider, connecting to partners in
Amsterdam, Frankfurt, Hong Kong and London, as well as a Fortune 500 cable operator, leveraging Equinix
to rearchitect core infrastructure for cloud access to support video-on-demand caching and delivery.

Our financial services vertical also had a record quarter, led by multinational financial services firms, with
particular strength in the Americas. Expansions included a Global 2000 fintech player, expanding their
equity options present to access our dense financial ecosystem, and a Fortune 500 insurance company,
implementing a hybrid cloud strategy on Platform Equinix.

Our content and digital media vertical saw particular strength in video and digital advertising as companies
are investing to bring their services directly to consumers. New wins, including one of the largest shopping
and e-commerce retail groups, deploying infrastructure to support digital e-commerce activities and Index
Exchange, a top independent global ad tech marketplace, expanding compute nodes to manage increasing
traffic from customers.

Our cloud & IT vertical delivered solid bookings, increasing density and coverage of Software-as-a-
Service providers and winning new cloud on-ramps in smaller markets, including Dubai and Melbourne.
Expansions included Fortinet, a global cybersecurity platform provider, expanding to support scale
and user experience, and ServiceNow, deploying infrastructure closer to users in Europe to optimize
performance, enhance user experience and support their rapid growth.

Our enterprise vertical had a strong quarter driven by health care and retail as telehealth and digital
initiatives see continued momentum. Work-from-home and collaboration-related use cases remain
active, although less than peak pandemic levels as enterprises shift their focus back to broader digital
transformation initiatives. New enterprise wins included Atrium Health, the largest health system in the
Southeastern U.S., deploying digital infrastructure to enable compliant, multicloud and business partner
interconnection as well as a Fortune 500 manufacturing company, deploying digital infrastructure at
Equinix to facilitate cloud connection.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

And our channel program had another great quarter, accounting for 35% of bookings. We saw particular
strength with our hyperscale and technology alliance partners, capturing wins across a wide range of
industry segments, focused on digital transformation efforts as well as pandemic response. New partner
wins included a Canadian automobile parts manufacturer, accessing our network and cloud density to
interconnect to the connected car and broader automotive ecosystems. We continue to expect channel
bookings to be the important pillar of our go-to-market strategy in 2021 and beyond.

Now let me turn the call over to Keith to cover the results for the quarter.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Charles, and good afternoon to everyone. As Charles noted, we're living in unique times, and I
hope you and your families are healthy and well. Despite the challenges of 2020, the Equinix team rallied
at all levels of the organization and delivered another strong year for our investors, our customers and our
employees. We ended the year on a high note with record gross bookings, strong inter and intra-reaching
deal flow activity, positive net pricing actions and a healthy sales pipeline as we head into 2021. Also, we
ended the year with significant backlog of cabinets booked but not yet installed. And consistent with my
prior quarter's comment, we anticipate a meaningful increase in our cabinets billing metric in the first half
of 2021.

So simply put, we continue to drive value on both the top line and at a per share level. And our core
strategy as the world's digital infrastructure company continues to separate us from our peers. In the
year ahead, we're leaning into our product and services initiatives, scaling and automating our business
and investing to expand our platform. We're also managing substantial construction activity at a level
previously not seen, with 44 major expansion projects currently underway across 30 markets and 20
countries, including 8 xScale builds. Our build efforts are dollar-weighted towards major metros that
generate over $100 million in revenues.

Both the OpEx and CapEx investments are driving and supporting the continued volume of high-quality
interconnection-rich wins across both our direct and indirect channels, resulting in durable, long-term
value creation for our shareholders. We've also been active in the capital markets, benefiting from our
investment-grade ratings that helped drove down our cost of borrow. Over the past 2 years, we raised
over $11.5 billion in capital, funding the growth and scale of the business, while lowering our overall
blended cost to borrow by approximately 160 basis points, another value driver as reflected in our AFFO
per share metrics.

Now let me cover the highlights for the quarter. Note that all growth rates in this section are on a
normalized and constant currency basis. As depicted on Slide 4, global Q4 revenues were $1.564 billion,
up 8% over the same quarter last year and better than expectations, in part due to strong NRR activity,
although offset in part by a one-off accounting adjustment. We enjoyed another quarter of net positive
pricing actions, a strong reflection of how our operating model differs from our peers. Q4 revenues, net of
our FX hedges, included a $9 million benefit when compared to our prior guidance rates. Looking forward,
we expect NRR activity to decrease in Q1, although step up again in Q2.

Global Q4 adjusted EBITDA was $711 million or 45% of revenues, up 5% over the same quarter last
year, outperforming our expectations due to favorable revenue mix, strong operating performance and
lower utility costs. Our Q4 adjusted EBITDA performance, net of our FX hedges, included a $4 million net
FX benefit when compared to our prior guidance rates. Global Q4 AFFO was $517 million, meaningfully
above our expectations on a constant currency basis due to strong operating performance while absorbing
seasonally higher recurring CapEx investments, a similar scenario to prior years. Consistent with AFFO,
our operating cash flows increased significantly in the quarter, largely due to strong collection activities.

Interconnection revenues were greater than 18% of recurring revenues, showing continued strong
momentum across each of our regions, both on a dollar basis and as a percent of our recurring revenues.

Turning to our regional highlights, whose full results are covered on slides 5 through 7. APAC and EMEA
were our fastest-growing revenue regions on a year-over-year normalized basis, both growing 11%,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

followed by the Americas region at 4%. The Americas region saw its third consecutive quarter of record
gross bookings, with firm pricing, a high mix of midsized deals and our highest number of new logos
in 2 years. Additionally, the team continued to sell across the global platform, delivering on our second
consecutive quarter of record exports to the other 2 regions. Americas interconnection adds remained
strong. Cabinets billing trended back to normal levels, and we expect a large step-up in cabinet billing in
the first half of 2021.

Bell Canada assets had a good start under the Equinix banner, and our integration efforts remain on track.

Our EMEA region saw solid bookings in the quarter, including our best intra-region in 2 years and firm
pricing led by activity in both our Amsterdam and Frankfurt markets. Revenue growth remains strong,
although we expect some 2021 moderation as we lap past our successful cross-connect repricing initiative
in 2020. Also, we're investing broadly in our Growth and Emerging Markets, or GEMs, to meet the
anticipated demand in these edge metros.

And finally, the Asia Pacific region had its second best gross bookings quarter with a solid mix of small
ecosystem-accretive deals in our Singapore and Japan businesses. Utilization rates remain high. We
expect to bring new capacity online over the coming quarters in key markets to ease the anticipated
capacity constraints.

And now looking at our capital structure, please refer to Slide 8. At year-end, our balance sheet is greater
than $27 billion, including unrestricted cash of approximately $1.6 billion, a meaningful decrease over the
prior quarter due to the close of the Bell Canada asset acquisition and the settlement of debt refinanced
in the quarter. Also, we moved our Paris 9 asset into the EMEA JV and closed our Japan JV with GIC in
December. As a result, net of our equity investment, the JVs reimbursed us over $300 million in the
quarter. At year-end, our xScale joint ventures had total assets on their balance sheet of greater than $1
billion, including the capital deployed. In 2021, you should continue to expect a meaningful increase in
xScale activity.

Our net debt levels remain low relative to our peers at 3.8x our Q4 annualized adjusted EBITDA, within
our targeted range. Over the past 2 years, we refinanced a large portion of our historically high-yield debt
structure. Yet, we still have another $1.8 billion of debt to refinance over the coming quarters, which, at
current rates, would result in another $50 million plus of annualized interest savings.

Turning to Slide 9 for the quarter. Capital expenditures were approximately $834 million, including
a recurring CapEx of $74 million, a meaningful increase over the prior quarter, but as expected. Our
construction and procurement teams continue to actively manage our expansion pipeline, delivering
capacity at robust build levels, while incorporating the health, safety and wellbeing of our internal and
external teams. Over the past year, we've experienced an average construction delay of a few weeks due
to the pandemic, a trend that we will continue to monitor and assess.

In Q4, we opened 4 new expansion projects, D.C., Frankfurt, Paris and São Paulo. Additionally, we added
7 projects to our expansion tracking sheet, including our entrée into Genoa link, in support of the subsea
cable landing station opportunity. Genoa 1 will have a direct fiber access to Milan 5, our new flagship
facility in this metro, slated to open in Q1. We continue to expand our ownership, acquiring land for
development in Genoa, Madrid, Mexico City, Milan and São Paulo. Revenues from owned assets currently
represent about 55%.

Our capital investments delivered strong returns as shown on Slide 10. Our 147 stabilized assets increased
recurring revenues by 4% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. These stabilized assets are
collectively 84% utilized and generate a 27% cash-on-cash return on the gross PP&E invested, a step-
down over the prior quarter due to the impact of the weaker U.S. dollar on our non-U.S. stabilized assets.
As a reminder, similar to prior years, we plan to update our stabilized asset summary on the Q1 earnings
call.

Now please refer to slides 11 through 15 for our summary of 2021 guidance and bridges. Do note, our
2021 guidance does not include any financial results related to the pending GPX India acquisition. Starting
with revenues for 2021, we expect top line growth of 10% to 11%, reflecting the continued momentum

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

in the business and favorable FX rates relative to the prior year. On a normalized basis, revenues are
expected to grow 7% to 8% over the prior year. MRR churn is expected to remain in our targeted range
of 2% to 2.5% per quarter for the year. For Q1, we expect the MRR churn to be at the lower end of this
range.

We expect 2021 adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 47%, excluding integration costs, the
result of operating leverage in the business, offset by investments in our product, xScale, and business
simplification initiatives. We expect to incur $30 million of integration costs in 2021 for various
acquisitions.

2021 AFFO is expected to grow 10% to 12% compared to the previous year. AFFO per share is expected
to grow 8% to 10%, including integration costs. We've excluded any capital market activities here. 2021
CapEx is expected to be $2.5 billion to $2.8 billion, including approximately $180 million of recurring
CapEx spend, which represents about 3% of our revenues. This guidance also includes approximately
$250 million of on-balance sheet spend related to xScale projects, which we expect to be reimbursed for
in the future as we move or sell assets into either our current or our future JVs. And finally, we expect our
2021 cash dividends to increase to slightly greater than $1 billion, a 10% increase over the prior year or
an 8% increase on a per share basis.

So let me stop here and turn the call back to Charles.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Keith. In closing, as 2020 showed us, our world is a very dynamic place. I'm proud of how we
have navigated and adapted through this challenging environment, and I'm pleased with our increasing
momentum in unlocking the tremendous opportunity ahead. We had a strong finish to the year, delivering
across each of our areas of strategic focus, all while maintaining a disciplined and long-term-oriented
approach to our capital allocation and shareholder return strategies.

Undoubtedly, as with all times of transition and transformation, there will continue to be challenges ahead.
But I am as optimistic as ever about our business and the opportunity to serve our customers, partners
and shareholders as the world's digital infrastructure company. We need to continue to invest in extending
our market leadership and ensuring our long-term relevance to the expansive opportunity presented by
digital transformation.
As a society and as a company, we learned a lot in 2020. And I believe there are a plethora of silver linings
that will come from this past year. We enter 2021 filled with gratitude, ready to tackle the challenges and
opportunities ahead and collectively energized by the pursuit of our purpose: to be the platform where the
world comes together, enabling the innovations that enrich our work, life and planet. So let me stop there
and open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Michael Rollins with Citi.

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I was curious if you could talk a bit more about the revenue growth guidance, organic constant currency
of 7% to 8% for 2021. What's driving the difference between 2020 and '21? And with the investments
that you're making this year, how do you look at the opportunity to grow in the future? Can you accelerate
that? Would you expect to maintain that level? Just some additional color would be great.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes, why don't I -- I'll start, Mike, and then Keith, you can comment as you see fit. I think that we're
seeing, as we've talked about in the past, it's getting harder and harder to grow on a very -- a much
larger base. And I think -- and doing that while maintaining a level of discipline on the strategy. And so
that's definitely our focus. We believe that that's the way to continue to drive value creation. We're seeing
strong uptake in terms of customers being resonant with the value proposition, but it does take a lot of
productivity to drive the bookings that are going to fuel the kind of growth rates that we're seeing at --
given the size of the business overall.

I think in terms of the investments, yes, we do believe that those are going to continue to translate to
us, sustaining and hopefully maybe increasing growth rates over time. But I think -- and I think we've
already seen that. I think without the investments that we've made in the past, into our product teams,
in particular, and into other areas of business like xScale, I think -- I don't think we would have seen the
growth that we saw in 2020. And so I think it has been an opportunity for us to invest in the business and
generate returns.

I think one factor on operating margins, I think, in 2020, going into 2021, 2020 was an unusual year. And
I think it was a difficult time for our world overall. I think we made a decision to both continue to invest
in our people in various ways that we've given you visibility to in our last several calls and give them
confidence that they would have their jobs. And I stand by that decision, is the right one for the company,
and I'm confident that the long-term return on that decision is compelling.

But it's -- interestingly, I think as we -- I guess, partially expected, employee turnover fell significantly
because I think as people sought the security of a really strong employer like Equinix. And they probably
fell even more than we anticipated and really, to some degree, reduces your range of motion as a
business. I think when it falls and yet you're wanting to continue to evolve and adapt your workforce to
the changing needs of the business and the strategy at hand, you're left with the decision as to whether
you add and kind of overrun where you thought you were going to be from a headcount standpoint or
whether you delay doing that in an effort to sort of stay tighter on the expense side. Like many, we
probably ended somewhere in between. And -- but undoubtedly, I think that's a contributing factor in
terms of growth of SG&A as a percentage of revenue.

And reversing that trend is a priority for us in 2021 and beyond. But we do feel like we needed to make
these investments -- need to continue these investments in the business because I think the opportunity
associated with the digital transformation, sort of needs of our customers, are significant, and I think
we're uniquely positioned to play into those.

Keith, anything you want to add, buddy?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

Yes, why don't I just maybe add just a couple of other comments. I think the other thing that's very
telling about '21 over '20, and particularly as you look into Q1, there's a meaningful step-down in our
nonrecurring revenue. And as we've said before, it tends to be lumpy. We said there would be a step-up in
Q2. That ties in nicely to the incremental cabinet additions that we should -- we expect as a business. And
so that's sort of playing into it.

The other thing that we can't lose sight of is the level of price increases that went through last year. And
as I said in my prepared remarks, that we're going to lap over that. And so you get -- you don't get the
same benefit that you get in your run rate.

And then the last thing I would just say is that we continue to invest in xScale, and I talked about a lot of
activity taking place there. But we're not yet banking on that as it relates to how the year will progress,
either in fees or contribution from our equity interest in the JV. And so that's sort of what's going on with
the business.

And again, when you look at overall, 10% to 11%, recognizing normalized is 7% to 8%, I'll tell you maybe
just one other thing that really comes to note here. Again, the Americas region grew about 4%, as I said
last quarter in my prepared remarks. As you come through Q1, you'll continue to see relatively modest
growth in the Americas, but then you'll see the acceleration through the last 3 quarters of the year. And
that's what was really exciting about what we see in the plan. So part of it is just timing-based, part of it
is the impact of nonrecurring revenue, part of it is the price increases. But overall, we feel very confident
in the numbers that we'll put forth here.

Operator

Our next question is from Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.

Yong Choe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is Richard for Phil. I just wanted to follow up on that a little bit, about the Americas growth. I assume
some of that is the growth of the acquisitions of Maxor, Packet and Bell. What kind of growth rates are you
expecting from them versus kind of the average for the overall region?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Keith, you want to grab that? The one thing I would say on Packet is we don't really think about that
as a regionally oriented investment. It's -- since the capabilities are going to be deployed on a global
basis, we definitely expect that to grow substantially over-indexed over the rest of the business, but we
expect to see success across the regions on that. And then the other businesses also, I think, are likely to
over-index, but I think there's other factors. I think it's more a sustained -- the sustained performance,
having really moved through, I think, a lot of the churn that we were seeing associated with the Verizon
assets and some of the churn that occurred through there and I think a stabilization of business and really
several really productive bookings quarters from the Americas bookings index.

Yong Choe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And to follow up on that, the churn, I guess, was a little higher at the second half of the year, the 2.6%,
but you said it would be lower in the first quarter. Is it mainly because the rise in churn has gone? Or is
there something else there that is showing that improvement or driving that improvement?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

No. It's -- we did say that. In fact, we had -- in the last call, we had said that this quarter we expected
to be back in range. And we saw a little bit of timing, adverse timing again this quarter and a little bit of
unforecasted churn that pushed us up to 2.6%. So I'm a tad reluctant to tell you we're back in range in
Q1, but I do believe that's our firm expectation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

So we -- I would say that there -- if you look at it, there were several churns over the last couple of
quarters that were from acquired assets, that were the types of deployments that we wouldn't generally
be targeting. And so I don't think it's a fundamental sort of issue in the business as it is, I think some of
the things that weren't -- aren't really part of our strategy moving through.

The other thesis that's similar to that is about 20 bps of the Q4 churn was associated with a large lower-
margin managed services deal in Europe. And so again, I think when you back those things out, you're
really looking at sort of a level of churn performance within the business that's pretty consistent with our
expectations.

Churn is definitely a focus for us in the year ahead. And I do think kind of where we land on a full
year on a revenue basis is going to really depend on where we can land in the churn range that we
forecasted through the course of the year. So it's going to be a critical area of focus for us. But nothing
fundamental that we're seeing, just volatility in terms of -- or just movement in terms of people evolving
their architectures and the normal frictional churn that exists in our business. But I think nothing beyond
that.

Operator

The next question is from Tim Long with Barclays.

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I wanted to ask on the interconnect business, maybe a 2-parter. Can you just update us on the initiatives
for global pricing there for the international markets, getting them more up to Americas type of levels?
And can you talk a little bit about your view of that kind of as we head into 2021, particularly with the
really strong cabinet equivalent billing in the first half? Could that be a positive indicator for what we'll see
from interconnect activity as we head into the first part of the year?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Yes. I mean I would say that on -- overall, we're incredibly pleased with the performance of our
interconnection business and what that means for the broader performance of the business because
interconnection isn't really -- even though we reported it as a product line, if you will, and talk about the
performance and its growth and it just continues to over-index meaningful versus the rest of the business,
it's really a core part of the value proposition and fuels the rest of the business in terms of the strength of
the value proposition when it comes to digital transformation.

You mentioned specifically pricing. Obviously, we had tremendous success implementing a pricing sort of
normalization effort in Europe over the course of 2020. We're largely through that now. And so as Keith
said, that's impacting the year-over-year compare on revenue growth in Europe, but we're now seeing
those benefits sort of built into our run rate.

In terms of broader opportunity for pricing adjustments, I think that we're continuing -- we'll continue
to evaluate that. I don't -- I wouldn't see anything meaningful on the horizon for us there. I think we
-- obviously, it's just coming off the European adjustments. But I think that we do have to continue to
look at both our underlying costs and the trajectory of those and whether or not adjustments are needed
for us to continue to maintain our margin profile. And then also, the real focus for us is looking at the
value delivered to our customers. And we do think it is so substantial as they look at implementing
Equinix Fabric, for example, as a foundational part of their hybrid multicloud architectures, that we
feel comfortable that we're going to be able to continue to get strong pricing from the interconnection
offerings.

And then last point, Keith did mention we're expecting sort of strong cabinet adds because of the strong
backlog. And yes, that's going to -- it is going to continue to fuel interconnection because we're seeing
really good sort of ratios in terms of -- because we're maintaining a level of discipline in the strategy

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

and we're not reliant on these super large footprint deals that are poorly interconnected, we are seeing
cabinets fuel interconnection growth. And so overall, I think those things will move nicely in tandem.

Operator

The next question is from Ari Klein with BMO Capital Markets.

Aryeh Klein
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Charles, you mentioned in the prepared remarks some of the bigger picture changes as the world
digitizes. Can you talk about how this is impacting deal flow and deal sizes? Any impact on sales cycles?
Are they lengthening in any way as a result?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Sure. Yes, I mean, I talked about that we're really seeing digital take off and be a Board-level
priority for people, and it's changing the way, as I said, people think about not only electronic commerce
and digital interaction with their customers, but how they think about data and how they're using AI to
create competitive advantage, how they're architecting their networks. And those last 2 examples are 2
really good ones of -- that are central to what we have in our funnel today and what's fueling our strong
bookings on a quarter-over-quarter level. And that is that people thinking about using Equinix as a nexus
for their data, locating their data there, intersecting it with cloud services across the globe to create
insights and egress those insights to the people within the business that need them.

And then network rearchitecture has been bread and butter for us for a very long time in Equinix
Fabric and then things like Network Edge and now with Metal even adding to the mix there, really
substantially improving the way people can -- and accelerating the way people are thinking about network
rearchitecture.

And in terms of how it's affecting our -- I would just say this. I think that if you look at our mix of
business, if you look at the kind of volumes that we're doing, 17,500 transactions over the course of the
year, it is -- we're really focused on those sort of -- on those sweet spots in our business, where we can
demonstrate differentiated value. And I think that's why we're seeing such strong pricing. We continue
to see positive pricing actions and firm even spot pricing, in many ways, in our business because I think
the value proposition is so strong. And so -- and I -- but I do think it's still at a point where these are not
really short sales cycles. There's a lot of solution selling still being done with us and through -- and in
combination with our partners. And it's why we need to continue to invest in rearchitecting and refining
and adding capabilities to our selling organization, including scaling our channel. And so those are areas of
investment we're making.

And I do think that the prospect is, over time, that those -- I would say that I don't think sales cycles
are lengthening. And in fact, if anything, I think they're starting to shorten, in particular, follow-on sales
cycles, meaning after you've already brought a customer in. That first win with the customer is still -- it
can be pretty extended. But follow-on sales cycles, I think, are shortening. And I think that, hopefully, that
points to us continuing to add even further productivity from the selling engine going forward.

Aryeh Klein
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

And then just real quick on xScale. You're building in Brazil. You mentioned Australia being in the road
map. Where does the U.S. stand on that list?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes, we talked about that in the past and generally said that it's not a big priority for us. We think that the
competitive intensity of sort of the hyperscale business in the U.S. is significant. I would say capacity --

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

supply and demand are coming more into line in the U.S. markets, whereas I think they were a little out of
balance for a while. And so I think that's a good improvement overall for the industry.

I would say we're -- never say never in terms of whether -- if a customer really had a specific need that
they wanted us to be working with on, we would be receptive to it potentially. But I would say that we're
so comfortable and confident in our -- in the durability of our interconnection value proposition in the
U.S. and in the strength of our ecosystems, both network, cloud and others, that I think the strategic
imperative is a little bit different. And so it wouldn't be a key priority, but I do think we'll be open-minded
about opportunities as they might surface.

Operator

The next question is from Sami Badri with Crédit Suisse.

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

One for you, Charles. As you commented about an enterprise acceleration really starting to kind of come
into fruition, at least in 2021, do you still really believe this to be kind of the case or the observation for
the year? Or has your view slightly tilted, mainly kind of tied to some of the sales cycle commentary you
just gave? I just want to get your latest thinking on any kind of enterprise acceleration mainly taking place
in 2021.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean I do think that we're seeing -- in fact, if you look over a multiyear period, I think you've seen
a pretty substantial acceleration of the enterprise component of our business. And I think that is really
tapping into the traditional service provider density that we -- and ecosystem density that we have as well
as our geographic reach and how that plays into hybrid and multicloud and distributed architecture as an
end state for enterprise customers.

And so it's interesting because if you are -- the way we report externally, it has network service. We talk
about our network segment, our financial services segment and then enterprise. In reality, all of those 3
segments have significant enterprise components because our enterprise resale and the network vertical is
reported there in terms of how we look at that, but we have a meaning piece of that -- meaningful piece,
which is enterprise business that's sold through a network service provider partner.

And then on the financial services side, yes, we have our trading ecosystem, but actually, the larger piece
of that is enterprise financial services business. And obviously, enterprise -- I mean, financial services is
one of the markets with a very large IT spend and a very, I think, thoughtful and aggressive agenda about
moving to hybrid and multicloud as their long-term architectures.

So all that has created this enterprise momentum for our business over the last several years. And I think
that absolutely continues into 2021. And like I said, I think that our selling engine is quite productive. It's
not yet -- I don't think we're -- we haven't crossed the chasm by any means, but I actually think that's
a -- it's really a good thing when you look at the overall Equinix thesis because I think you're looking
at a very large addressable market. And we're still in the early innings of tapping that market. And so
that means that solution selling takes a little bit longer to get people over the hurdle and really get them
through thinking about their hybrid and multicloud end state and how we play in that. But as you -- I think
as you get them over the hurdle, there's just a lot more wallet share to be gained. And so I think there
is an acceleration opportunity for us. And I would expect enterprise to over-index as a segment for us in
2021.

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. And then just one quick follow-up on adjusted EBITDA margins. On one side, pulling this up, you
have interconnection. xScale should have slightly higher margins. And now you have 35% of sales coming
in from the channel. And then you did comment earlier about some of the big investments you are making
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

into your teams, your human capital and your channel. And I guess the perception a little bit is that your
adjusted EBITDA margin should level up a little bit higher than what you're guiding to in 2021. Could you
maybe just give us a little bit more of an idea maybe and a multiyear view in terms of how you see kind of
the trajectory playing out just so we can visualize where Equinix is going to shake out in the next couple
of years?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Keith, you want to start maybe with a view of kind of what the moving parts are on the guide? And
then your thoughts on that, and I'll add color as needed.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, sure. Sure. Partly, we have to start off last quarter. And one of the things we spoke of last quarter
was there are a number of one-off items that were going through the quarter. And so then you look at the
guide that we offered in Q1 and then for the year.

I think it's important when -- one of the things we said is we'll see a recovery of that. There are some
one-off costs that were in Q3. They were benefiting us or are one-off benefits, I should say. There's one-
off costs in Q4. But when you look into Q1, you get to see an EBITDA performance that is substantially up
relative to what you would have previously maybe anticipated. Q1 tends to be one of our lower EBITDA
quarters. But you can see that we're stepping it up, unadjusted $19 million to $39 million. So it gives you
a sense of meaningful step-up in the quarter, and that includes absorbing $10 million -- net $10 million
that I would refer to as seasonal costs.

And then as you look through the tail end or through the next 3 quarters, typically, you would see --
typically, what you would see in how we're modeling it is EBITDA margins would continue to increase
throughout the year. And then you sort of take that thinking and a lot of what Charles has said, and then
you sort of translate that into our AFFO. Again, one of the things we said, if you look at it in total, the
AFFO is growing nicely. When you look at it at the share level, it's growing 8% to 10%. So the fact of
the matter is, if you back out integration costs, which are, again, they're specific to -- generally to the
acquisition of Bell Canada, you're going to see our AFFO per share grow about 10% to 12% this coming
year.

So there's a lot of value coming into the business. There's a lot of value coming from xScale. But there's
still the potential of much more to come if we execute against our strategy. And as I said, in at least in my
prepared remarks, there is a tremendous amount of activity that we will be embarking upon through this
year with xScale. And we're optimistic that, that will continue to drive more value to not only the margin
line, but also to our core metric, which is AFFO per share.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

And I guess the additional color I might add, Sami, is just I do think that we -- we're generating operating
leverage. And as I've said in past years -- or last year, I guess, that we just are more than offsetting that
operating leverage by investments in this case, in this year, into the product team and into xScale as well
as into our, what we call, project horizon, at which is an effort to really simplify and automate elements of
the business. And I referred to some of those in my prepared remarks, and I think those are areas that we
do need to bend the cost curve in the business. And I think that expanded operating margins are and --
are still a priority for us going forward.

And again, I think we -- rather than try to squeeze it too tight and not make enough room to open up the
longer-term opportunity, we made a decision to make those investments this year, and we think that's the
right one. Over -- but I think we also need to make sure that we're seeing those investments translate
into operating leverage over time. So we continue to believe that we can, over a multiyear basis, expand
operating margins and see additional leverage.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

Operator

Our next question is from Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

So I just wanted to touch base on the Americas cabs billing during the quarter. It was -- it rebounded, but
yet still seems a little bit below historical levels even after last quarter's churn event. You pointed to, in
your prepared remarks, a large step-up coming in cabs billing, I think, in the Americas in the first half.
Can you point to the drivers there? And did the fourth quarter come all the way around relative to what
your expectations were?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Keith, why don't you grab that. And I'll grab that, and I'll come back.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. So again, a lot like what Charles said on -- in his prior remarks, there was still a little higher churn
than we originally anticipated in the fourth quarter. Part of it was in Europe, in reference to a managed
services provider. But there was some in the U.S. We're at a point now where we believe that we've made
the turn. And then, as I said, first quarter, you're going to feel, in the guide that we give you, it goes a
little bit soft, but predominantly, soft in the sense that I would expect more of it. We're taking about $20
million out of the nonrecurring line in the first quarter. And so what you're really seeing is the momentum
pick up from the installed cabs -- pardon me, the backlog to the installed cabinets in Q1 and then in Q2.

And so there are deals that we've signed. Effectively, they're booked, just not installed. And so we are
going to see that momentum. And that's why we have the confidence not only in where we think the
revenues will go, but also the momentum that we will see through the rest of the year.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Just the only other thing I might add is that we continue to also be very focused on delivering not
only cabs, but delivering the yield that we're going to get from those cabs. And that's really a matter of
continuing to be disciplined on the workloads and the opportunities that we're pursuing. And I think we're
seeing good success there in terms of preserving very high sort of yields per cab. And I think, over time,
our product portfolio is going to allow us to continue to expand yield effectively as well or at least sustain
at the very high levels that we have today. And that, combined with the backlog, sort of translation, I
think are good signs for the Americas business.

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Along those lines, Charles, can you speak to what you're seeing in terms of pricing in the colo business,
particularly U.S. colo business? I know MRR has sort of held up and been a driver, but there's a lot going
into that item. But it seems that given the overall dynamic, that there might be greater pressure out there
on colo. And I'm just curious for your comments.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Yes. If you're talking about, I think, the broader U.S. colo market beyond our U.S. and Americas colo
market, I do think there is -- the dynamics may create pressure on that market and which is why I think
we need to continue to distinguish ourselves and focus our -- be very disciplined about our targeting and
how we're prosecuting the business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

I think there's always a continuum in terms of the strength of the value proposition and therefore, how
differentiated you can be on pricing. But again, I would point to the fact that we, across our regions, are
quarter-over-quarter demonstrating positive -- net positive pricing actions, meaning that when we do have
a reprice, for example, those are generally being offset by our ability to sustain pricing increases in our
contracts, which I think is a really good sign for the business in terms of our ability to do that.

So I think undifferentiated colo is going to continue to struggle to maintain price points. And people are
either -- are looking for -- they're either lowering price and/or looking for new ways or new markets, a
lot of them tilting towards hyperscale, which they're certainly not going to find a lot of relief on pricing
there. And so I do think the broader market has a translation or a challenge there. But I think we've --
we're not immune from that, but I think we're substantially more insulated, and I think our metrics really
demonstrate that.

Operator

The next question is from Colby Synesael with Cowen.

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

2 modeling questions, if I might. You raised almost $2 billion in equity in 2020. I'm just curious what your
thoughts are around the need for equity as it relates to your balance sheet and leverage in 2021. And I
guess, offsetting that would be the opportunity to refinance, and you noted about $50 million in potential
annualized savings. Is the goal ultimately to maintain 8% to 10% AFFO per share growth one way or the
other? And then secondly, just real quickly, what are the assumptions for stabilized growth in 2021? We
saw a step-down to, I think, 3% in the fourth quarter.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Do you want to start on it, bud?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. So specifically, as it relates to our capital market activity, again, we're very specific about we didn't
want to include anything in the guidance. So again, if you take out integration cost, AFFO per share will
grow 10% to 12%. So we feel really good about where we are. And as you will -- I think many of you
will recall, based on the June 2018 Analyst Day, we thought anywhere from 8% to 12% was a reasonable
growth rate for AFFO, and we're tracking well against those models that we developed back in 2018.

That all said, when you look at what we plan to do this year, we have a very large capital build. The thing
I think of the most is how do we go to our lowest cost of capital, which is basically incremental debt. And
so what you're going to see is we're going to refinance out of the debt as appropriate. We'll pick our timing
accordingly. We'll get, over some period of time, the annualized benefit of $50 million plus. And then to
the extent that we can or we have capacity, we theoretically could raise a little bit more debt because,
again, that would be our cheapest source of capital.

As you're also aware, we do have our ATM program. Last year, we announced a $1.5 billion program, but
we'll use that appropriately as market conditions allow. We would walk through the door. To the extent
they don't, then we would -- we preserve that capital for a later date. But again, we're always going to
bring in a little bit of balance to our capital structure. We're going to make sure that we have liquidity
on our balance sheet. We have the cash right now. As we announced in our prepared remarks, $1.6
billion plus $2 billion of incremental liquidity from our line. And I'm just -- I remain very optimistic about
the amount of cash that we generate in the business as well as the return of capital from the JV as we
continue to invest in building out some of these assets. We'll get some more incremental capital from our
JV partners as we scale the business.

So again, Colby, I think it's a great question. 8% to 10% is sort of a very comfortable range and where we
feel we can deliver in 20 -- through 2021. And we'll update you further on -- I think we're going to do the
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

June -- at the June Analyst Day, we'll update you a little bit further on our longer-term view of what we
think we can accomplish as a company.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

And then, Colby, on the stabilized assets, we've been saying 3% to 5% on that, and we're kind of right in
the middle of that range. And so I think that's probably -- we expect to sort of continue to operate in that
range.

Operator

The next question is from Jonathan Atkin with RBC Capital Markets.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I had a question on product. I suppose it relates a little bit to, Charles, your commentary on kind of yield
per cabinet. But can you talk about Equinix Fabric, Equinix Metal, how you're either expanding those
product capabilities or expanding the distribution reach? Anything to kind of call out on that front? And
then it's been a number of years, I think, since you've commented on the federal vertical, but I wondered,
in the context of some of the Americas questions earlier on the call, what's happening, anything different
to call out in that segment?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, Jonathan. Yes, we continue to invest in Equinix Fabric and the feature set thereof. I talked a
little bit about the -- a recent capability we developed, which allows customers to more easily interconnect
to any other Equinix customer on the Fabric. Metal, obviously, has been a significant area of investment,
and we're excited to expand the capabilities there in terms of -- or expand the reach of that, out now
to 18 markets, we'll get to early in '21. We're also investing in the go-to-market motion to continue to
adapt that. We're currently executing with an overlay and continuing to refine our thinking on how best
to scale that market. But accelerating our overall digital services portfolio, which would include Fabric and
Metal and Network Edge and others is a clear priority for us in the year ahead, as I said in our prepared
remarks.

So we're really excited, we believe, because you did put that in the context of we think that, that can
continue to drive yields. We think return on invested capital for those offerings is going to be very
attractive over time. And we think, importantly, they're really responsive to the needs of our customers as
they think about how digital transformation, what their digital transformation journey looks like. So you'll
hear a lot more from us on what the multiyear view is for those products as we move towards Analyst
Day.

And then fed, look, we actually -- we're bullish. We think that there's more opportunity. We -- and I think
it's something that we're putting a little bit of energy behind. And I can't speak in a significant depth on.
I know Karl is excited about the opportunities that exist there, and it's something that we're going to
continue to be active in trying to pursue the right kinds of opportunities that fit the Equinix value prop.

Operator

And our last question will come from David Guarino with Green Street.

David Anthony Guarino
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

I just wanted to go back to the sequential step-down in colocation revenue in the EMEA region. Was that
entirely due to this one managed service customer? And are there any more tenants like that inside of
your global portfolio?

Charles J. Meyers

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

President, CEO & Director

Keith, do you want to take that?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, I'll take that. David, and in fact, that was referred to the one-off -- I'm referring to the one-off
adjustment in my prepared remarks. So basically, it was an accounting adjustment that we made in the
fourth quarter that saw the step-down in colocation revenues between the 2 quarters. So we saw a step-
up in Q3 and then a step-down in Q4.

David Anthony Guarino
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Got it. And then on the xScale...

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Managed -- pardon me, managed service providers go through our MIS line, just so you know.

David Anthony Guarino
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Helpful. And then the last one, just really quick. On your xScale projects for '21, could you just
remind us of what the day 1 stabilized yield on those projects are? And it would be helpful not just to
get Equinix' JV share with all the SEED, but just on the project level, what kind of returns you expect to
achieve.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean we had talked about -- at Analyst Day, we had talked about yields or cash-on-cash yields in
the low double digits, low to mid-double digits. I've said on a couple of occasions that I think there's been
more pressure on those returns and on cash-on-cash yields in the hyperscale space just because of overall
supply/demand dynamics and a lot of people sort of shooting at that target. And so I think you're looking
more at the lower end of that and I think still seeing either very high single-digit or low double-digit cash-
on-cash yields.

But I think when you look at it from our standpoint and with both fee structure that exists there and then
leverage that exists, I think you're able to get substantially more attractive project returns that are going
to be into that double-digit range.

Katrina Rymill
Vice President of Investor Relations

That concludes our Q4 call. Thanks, everyone, for joining.

Operator
Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

EQUINIX, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

