Equifax Inc. NYSE:EFX
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 21, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.28

Revenue  (mm)

907.27

1.40

957.90

9.38

5.58

1.32

5.06

5.94

844.25

3492.64

3766.48

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-21-2020 12:40 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.36

1.45

1.49

1.28

1.40

1.48

1.53

1.40

2.94 %

2.07 %

2.68 %

9.38 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

19

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Andrew Charles Steinerman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Andrew William Jeffrey
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

William Arthur Warmington
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Brett Richard Huff
Stephens Inc., Research Division

ATTENDEES

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jeffrey Dodge

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Equifax First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's
conference is being recorded. I'd like to now turn the conference to your host, Mr. Jeffrey Dodge. Please go
ahead, sir.

Jeffrey Dodge

Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to today's conference call. I'm Jeff Dodge and on
today's call with me are Mark Begor, Chief Executive Officer; and John Gamble, Chief Financial Officer.
Today's call is being recorded. An archive of the recording will be available later today on our website at
www.equifax.com in the Investor Relations section under Earnings Calls, Presentations and Webcasts.

During the call today, we will be making reference to certain materials that can also be found under the
Earnings Calls, Presentations and Webcasts section. These materials are labeled Q1 2020 Earnings Release
Presentation.

During this call, we'll also be making certain forward-looking statements to help you understand Equifax
and its business environment. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors,
including the impact of COVID-19 and economic conditions on our future operations that could cause
actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are
set forth in filings with the SEC, including our 2019 Form 10-K and subsequent filings.

Also, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EPS attributable
to Equifax, and adjusted EBITDA, which will be adjusted for certain items that affect the comparability
of our underlying operational performance. For the first quarter of 2020, adjusted EPS attributable to
Equifax excludes costs associated with acquisition-related amortization expense, gains on fair market
value adjustments of equity investments, the foreign currency impact of certain intercompany loans,
a valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets, a tax benefit on a legal settlement related to
the 2017 cybersecurity incident, the income tax effects of stock awards recognized upon vesting or
settlement and foreign currency losses for remeasuring the Argentinian peso-denominated net monetary
assets. Adjusted EPS attributable to Equifax also excludes legal and professional fees related to the 2017
cybersecurity incident, principally fees related to our outstanding litigation and government investigations
as well as the incremental nonrecurring project costs designed to enhance our technology and data
security. This includes projects to implement systems and processes to enhance our technology and data
security infrastructure as well as projects to replace and substantially consolidate our global network and
systems as well as the cost to manage these projects. These projects that will transform our technology
infrastructure and further enhance our data security were incurred throughout 2018 and 2019 and are
expected to occur in 2020 and '21.

Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income attributable to Equifax, adding back interest expense, net of
interest income, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization and also, as is the case for adjusted
EPS, excluding costs related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident, gains on fair market value adjustments
and equity investments, the foreign currency impact of certain intercompany loans and foreign currency
losses from remeasuring the Argentinian peso-denominated net monetary assets. These non-GAAP
measures are detailed in reconciliation tables, which are included with our earnings release and are also
posted on our website.

Now I'd like to turn it over to Mark.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. We are all facing unprecedented times during the COVID global
pandemic. I hope you and your families are safe in managing in this unusual environment. We'd like to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

start by thanking the dedicated and selfless health care professionals, first responders, volunteers and
others around the world who are fighting the frontline pandemic. Their dedication and sacrifice is nothing
less than heroic. The economic impact from the COVID-19 pandemic is still unfolding and will clearly be
deeper than anything we've seen in our lifetimes.

To help with today's discussion, we posted a first quarter 2020 Investor Relations presentation, which is
available on the Investor Relations section of our website under Events and Presentations. We plan to walk
through the presentation on today's call if you want to pull it up.

At Equifax, as we execute during this pandemic at our work from home protocol and business continuity
plans, we're focused on 5 critical priorities highlighted on Slide 4.

Number one, the health and safety of our employees and their families.

Number two, continuing to deliver for our customers with the highest level of service and supporting our
customers with new data and analytical services they will need as they respond to the pandemic and
economic impacts and their businesses and priorities change.

Number three, supporting consumers as they are challenged by the economic impacts of COVID-19 by
providing free credit reports and financial education.

Number four, executing on our cloud technology, data and security transformation. Our focus and
investment in our cloud-native technology data and security transformation are continuing at the same
levels we had originally planned for 2020, with a goal of accelerating our cloud-based data and technology
capabilities to make them available more rapidly to our customers. Funding and executing of our cloud
technology transformation continues to be a priority for Equifax.

And number five, continuing on the new product momentum from 2019 with NPIs tailored off Equifax's
unique data assets for the recession environment. We started to accelerate new product rollouts in 2019,
and that focus is continuing in 2020.

Like most companies, we initiated our COVID-19 business continuity plans in mid-March, which included
activating our crisis management team reporting directly to me as well as instituting ongoing interaction
with our Board to keep them apprised of our plans. We have over 9,000 employees working from home
across our global workforce. Only essential roles in customer support and data center operations continue
to work from our facilities. We virtually eliminated travel with limited exceptions for essential customer or
regulatory business needs. For our close to 2,000 associates in essential roles that are still working from
our facilities, we have implemented social distancing of workspaces, aggressive cleaning and sanitizing
and other actions to make sure our sites are as safe as possible.

We've been in the work from home mode and no-travel environment for 5 weeks, actually now going
on 6 weeks, and are operated continuously and effectively for our customers. We believe our team's
efficiency and productivity is continuing at levels at or better than precrisis. We are seeing tremendous
benefits from our move to cloud-native tools that are driving significant collaboration as a part of our cloud
technology and data transformation. Our development teams are working almost exclusively on Google
Cloud platform and Amazon cloud services, and their efficiency continues at very high levels. And our
movement to cloud-based security tools over the past 30 months has also proven to be highly beneficial in
this new work from home environment.

I hope this gives you a strong sense that Equifax is executing and delivering well during these challenging
times for our customers and consumers, while continuing our cloud and new product investments for the
future.

I'm also pleased with the team we have in place to manage through these challenging COVID-19 crisis.
They are battle-tested with deep domain and experience. My personal experience leading GE Capital's card
business during the 2009 global financial crisis gives me a very unique customer lens on the value of data
and analytics in a recession environment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Moving now to our results for the first quarter. Let's turn to Slide 5. We're very pleased with our financial
performance in the first quarter as both revenue and adjusted EPS significantly exceeded our expectations
and our guidance for the quarter. The first quarter delivered our strongest performance since the 2017
cyber event and continued our strong momentum from the second half of 2019, where our organic growth
revenue rate jumped to over 9% during the last 6 months of 2019.

First quarter revenue of $958 million was up over 15% in constant currency and up 14% on an organic
constant currency basis. We had strong revenue growth driven by our U.S. B2B businesses, USIS and
EWS, that collectively were up a very strong 22% overall, with Workforce Solutions up an outstanding
32% and USIS up a very strong 15%. U.S. mortgage market inquiries were at historic high levels, given
the low interest rate environment, with inquiries up almost 42%.

International revenue was up 3% in constant currency, and Global Consumer continued their path back
to growth with revenue up over 3%, consistent with fourth quarter, and their third consecutive quarter of
year-over-year growth. These results were dampened by the COVID-19 lockdown impacts during the last
2 weeks of March, which reduced first quarter revenue by around $20 million.

Adjusted EPS of $1.40 per share was up 16% and well above our expectations and the top end of the
guidance we provided in February.

As we discussed on prior calls, we incurred redundant systems costs in the quarter, including incremental
D&A, cloud and other operating costs of $15 million or about $0.09 a share, which dampened our earnings
growth rate.

Adjusted EBITDA was up a strong 20% with margins of 32.4% that were up 190 basis points compared
with the first quarter of 2019 given our strong revenue growth and the cost actions that we took in
the fourth quarter of 2018 and first quarter of 2019, with strong margin growth in USIS, EWS and
International. As we discussed on prior calls, we expect our EBITDA to grow more rapidly than EPS in the
coming years due to the increased amortization of our incremental cloud transformation investments.

FX movements in the quarter were more negative to revenue and adjusted EPS than expected by $13
million and $0.02 per share, respectively.

Our constant dollar revenue growth through February of 15% provides a good view of the continued
strong progress we are making across all of our businesses and the positive momentum of Equifax over
the past 3 quarters. This performance positions us well to navigate the COVID-19 economic headwinds.

I'll shift now to a discussion of the first quarter performance of each of the 4 business units, as highlighted
on Slide 6. Later in my comments, I will discuss in some detail the impacts we are seeing in April as the
coronavirus lockdown impact portions of our business and their implications for our financial performance
in the second quarter.

USIS revenue of $343 million in the first quarter was up 15% versus the first quarter of 2019 on a
reported basis and 13% on an organic basis. For the quarter, Online revenue was up 16%. Online
nonmortgage revenue was up 3% in the quarter and online nonmortgage organic revenue declined 1%,
reflecting the decline in March volumes associated with declines in economic activity from the COVID-19
pandemic.

Through February, USIS online nonmortgage revenue was up 7% in total and a solid 2.5% on an organic
basis. We saw nice growth across auto, direct-to-consumer, banking insurance, which was partially offset
by declines in telco in the first 2 months of the first quarter. In telco, we won back primary share with a
major customer beginning in March, which is a positive going into second quarter.

The strengthening of Online revenue through February is very positive and another sign of our continued
progress in USIS commercially. This positive momentum in the first quarter and second half of 2019 will
serve USIS well as we enter the COVID-19 economic environment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Mortgage Solutions was up a very strong 33% in the quarter and lower than mortgage market inquiry
growth given the mix shift in the quarter from Mortgage Solutions to online. Mortgage Solutions continues
to perform very well in this low interest rate environment.

USIS' Financial Marketing Service business revenue was down 2% in the quarter compared to last year.
Revenue declines were due to lower-than-expected project revenue in March brought on by the COVID-19
lockdowns.

I'm very encouraged by the performance of Sid Singh and his USIS team in the first quarter, both in their
strong growth through February and in the speed at which they are adapting product offerings and their
selling efforts in March to meet the substantial change in customer needs from the COVID-19 pandemic.
This follows USIS' momentum in the second half of 2019.

Later in my comments, I'll discuss the success we are having across Equifax in focusing our efforts
with customers on solutions leveraging our unique data assets to help them manage through this new
COVID-19 recession environment. U.S. is accelerating commercial activity and new deal pipelines remain
strong. During the current market conditions, the number of pipeline opportunities as of the end of March
was up 6% compared to December 2019 and up 33% from March 2019, and our win rate in the first
quarter was up about 500 basis points from the first quarter of 2019. We are continuing to close new deals
with customers in the past few weeks, even with the COVID-19 work environment, and we expect strong
mortgage growth in the second quarter in the current low interest rate environment.

USIS adjusted EBITDA margins of 44.7% were up 170 basis points from the first quarter of 2019, driven
by the increase in revenue partially offset by increased royalty costs as well as the increased investments
in new product development, data analytics, increased consumer support costs and redundant systems
costs.

Turning now to Workforce Solutions. They had another exceptional quarter with revenue up a very strong
32% versus the first quarter of 2019. Rudy Ploder and his EWS team delivered the highest growth quarter
for EWS since we acquired the business in 2007. And on a run rate basis for the 12 months ended March
31, EWS crossed the $1 billion revenue mark for the first time in their history, both huge milestones.

Verification Services revenue was up an extremely strong 48% compared with the prior year, driven by
outstanding revenue growth in verification and mortgage. The strong Verification Services revenue growth
also reflects continued year-over-year growth in work number active records as well as the rollout of new
products in mortgage, talent solutions and other verticals and continued expansion of system-to-system
integration with customers, which you know is really critical.

EWS and Verification Services nonmortgage revenue growth was a strong 9% and 15%, respectively,
compared to last year.

Through February, Verification Services' nonmortgage revenue growth was up 18% with strong double-
digit growth across key nonmortgage verticals, including government, auto, talent solutions and debt
management.

Non-mortgage Verifier revenue growth for the quarter was up 15%, but down from the 18% run rate
we saw in February, reflecting the COVID-19 impact in the latter half of March, principally in auto, debt
management and talent solutions.

Work number database closed the first quarter with 105 million active records and 80 million active
unique individuals, up 18% compared to March 2019. And the database now represents about half of U.S.
nonfarm payroll.

Our contributors are also growing rapidly from just under 30,000 a year ago to over 700,000 companies
contributing in the first quarter.

Growing TWN records drive hit rates that translates into revenue almost immediately. We expect to
continue TWN contributor and record growth in second quarter in 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

The work number database is Equifax's most unique and differentiated asset, particularly with the scale
and currency of the database that can provide incremental value to our customers in today's challenging
times where there is so much income and employment uncertainty around consumers in the U.S.

Through February, our Employer Services business revenues were flat compared to first quarter 2019. This
was slightly better than the performance we saw over much of 2019 and reflected growth in our I-9 and
other talent management businesses, offset by declines in unemployment insurance claims management
in our Workforce Analytics business.

For the quarter, Employer Services revenue was up 2%, with our unemployment insurance claims
management business up 8% organically in the quarter due to very substantial -- due to a very
substantial increase in unemployment claims volume in the second half of March with daily volumes up
sixfold during the last 2 weeks of March or the quarter, given the rise in U.S. unemployment filings.

We expect continued substantial growth in unemployment claims in the second quarter. John will discuss
this in more detail when he covers March and April trends in a few minutes.

The strong Verifier revenue growth resulted in strong adjusted EBITDA margins of 51.5%, an increase of
210 basis points compared to last year due to the strong revenue growth and proactive cost management,
which more than offset increased royalty costs and our redundant system costs from the technology
transformation.

Workforce Solutions is an outstanding business that continues to deliver very strong results even in
challenging times. John will discuss later that we expect Workforce Solutions to deliver strong growth
again in the second quarter.

International revenue of $216 million was up 3% in constant currency and down 4% on a reported basis.
Through February, International constant currency revenue was up a strong 8%, with organic revenue
growth also up 7.5%. The strong growth through February was a continuation of International's strong
second half 2019 momentum. Their commercial momentum in the first quarter positions the International
business to operate well in the new COVID-19 environment.

Asia Pacific, which is primarily our Australian and New Zealand business and now also includes our India
business, had first quarter revenue of $70 million, up 3% in constant currency year-over-year. Through
February, however, Asia Pacific was up a strong 5% in local currency, and Australia grew over 4%, both
stronger than our expectations.

Broad and ID and commercial online were both very strong in Australia, up 20% and 9%, respectively, and
marketing services continues to decline but at a much slower rate than in 2019.

Shifting now to Europe. Our European business with revenue of $66 million was down 1% year-over-
year in constant currency, with the credit business and debt management businesses also down 1%. And
our credit business is negatively impacted by the decline in the economic activity from the COVID-19
pandemic in the second half of March.

Through February in Europe, we showed strong constant currency growth of 8.5%. Our U.K. and Spain
credit businesses grew 7% in total through February. In the U.K., we saw growth in our financial services
vertical, both direct and through reseller partners. We also saw growth in the gaming vertical and from
new products launched in 2019 in open banking and digital marketing.

European debt management revenue was up over 10% through February as we saw higher debt
placements with the U.K. government. As John will discuss shortly, we are expecting a significant decline
in debt management revenue in the U.K. in the second quarter as the U.K. government has suspended tax
collection activities during the COVID crisis as well as declines in our European credit businesses due to
customers pausing on collection activities during the early phases of COVID-19.

Shifting now to Latin America. Our business in Latin America delivered revenue of $43 million in the first
quarter and was up 9% in local currency. However, through February, Latin America was up a strong 15%
in local currency, led by strong double-digit growth in Argentina and Mexico, low teens growth in Chile

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

and Ecuador and high single growth in Uruguay. Our Latin American businesses are adding new logos and
benefiting from the rapid adoption of Ignite and InterConnect in their markets.

Canada revenue of $37 million was up 2% in local currency in the first quarter. Unlike most of our
international markets, Canada has a mortgage business that benefits, like the U.S., from lower interest
rates.

Revenue growth in our Canadian mortgage business in the first quarter, which makes up just over 10% of
Canadian revenue, were largely offset by declines in our consumer and commercial businesses during the
last 2 weeks of March due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Through February, Canada was up 5%, driven by consumer credit, specifically mortgage, and our
commercial and ID and fraud businesses.

International adjusted EBITDA margins at 27.8% were up a strong 250 basis points compared to last year.
The strong growth in margins reflects the benefit of revenue growth and the cost actions implemented by
the International team in the fourth quarter of 2018 and throughout 2019.

Shifting now to Global Consumer Solutions. Their revenue was up 3% on a reported basis in the quarter
and constant currency basis in the quarter. Their third -- this was their third consecutive quarter of
growth.

Global Consumer direct revenue, which represents about 40% of total GCS revenue, was down about 2%
year-over-year in the quarter. We saw mid-single-digit growth across the U.K. and Canada's combined
consumer direct businesses. While the U.S. consumer direct business declined 7% in the first quarter, it
continued to improve from the fourth quarter of 2019 and still represents a substantial improvement from
the double-digit decline in the U.S. consumer direct business we saw in the third quarter of 2019 and since
the cyber event in 2017.

Sequentially versus fourth quarter, total subscribers are stable to slightly increasing across the U.S.,
Canada and U.K., which is an encouraging sign as we move into second quarter.

Our GCS partner businesses increased 8% in the quarter as a result of growth from our U.S. free model
partners, our benefits channel and our breach business, offset by revenue declines with some of our paid
model partners.

Our partners business was up a solid 9% through February as we saw nice growth in our benefits business
and event-based businesses as well as our traditional partners. Revenue was negatively impacted in the
last couple of weeks of March by declines at some partners, particularly in the lead gen space, and we
expect COVID-19 impacts at our partners to affect our second quarter partner revenue. John will discuss
this in a few minutes when he discusses April trends.

GCS adjusted EBITDA margins of 23.1% decreased 80 basis points compared to the prior year, primarily
driven by mix shifts and increased COVID-19 consumer call center support costs in late March. We also
increased marketing spend in the U.S. and Canada in the quarter.

With the substantial weakening in several of our business units and verticals that began in the second half
of March from the coronavirus pandemic, we took actions to tight cost -- to tighten controls all over our
cost and to dramatically reduce travel. We've frozen hiring except for roles directly related to consumer
support. The EFX 2020 technology and data transformation or new products will also continue at current
levels, and we've also reduced discretionary spending across the company. At this stage, we're looking
at $90 million of discretionary cost takeout versus our business plan for 2020. And if necessary, we're
prepared to take additional cost actions as required.

That said, we will take actions to protect our franchise during this economic event. As I mentioned earlier,
we are continuing our cloud technology and data transformation investment spending at planned levels
and our new product growth initiatives because of the significant strategic and operational value from both
initiatives. These strategic priorities will benefit Equifax during the COVID economic impacts and power us
into recovery.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Shifting now to trends we are seeing post the start of the COVID-19 crisis. Starting in mid-March, Equifax
began seeing revenue impacts in several of our business units and verticals from the broad lockdown
actions taken globally to slow the spread of COVID-19. To help as you form your view on the potential
impact of this pandemic, we wanted to provide you with a couple of things. First, our perspective on which
portions of our businesses are recession-resilient today. On second, our performance during the global
financial crisis and a comparison of our business mix in 2009 compared to today or 2020. And then last,
John will cover current revenue trends we're seeing in our daily transactions in over the past few weeks.

To estimate the impact the recession could have on Equifax or will have on Equifax, we assigned our line
of businesses into 3 categories. First, recession-resistant. These businesses have drivers that are not
directly aligned with economic activity in the recession, and we expect them to grow through COVID-19.
The best examples of these businesses are Workforce Solutions, our U.S. mortgage business and our
government lines of businesses that we expect will continue to grow from the uniqueness of this data,
including TWN, or from the low interest rate environments, including mortgage.

Second, countercyclical businesses. And these are businesses that perform better during the recession,
and the best example is our unemployment claims management business in Workforce Solutions, where
we expect significant growth in Workforce Solutions revenue from growing unemployment claims in the
United States.

And third, our recession-impacted businesses. These are businesses that are directly impacted by
economic activity in contraction and recession and include auto, cards and P loans, where both consumer
activity declines or lender activity is contracted for risk containment reasons. We expect these business
lines to have negative revenue growth in a recession.

Today, about 65% of Equifax U.S. businesses are either recession-resistant or countercyclical and about
55% of our global business is recession-resistant or countercyclical. This compares in the 2009 global
financial crisis, where only about 40% of our businesses were either recession-resistant or countercyclical
compared to the 55% today. This meaningful growth -- the meaningful growth in EWS and U.S. mortgage
since 2009 positions Equifax well for the COVID-19 recession.

As shown on Slide 7, during the 2009 global financial crisis, Equifax performed very well and exhibited the
resiliency you would expect from a data analytics business. In 2009, we saw only a 6% decline in total
revenue for the year with our largest single quarterly decline at 10% in the first quarter of 2009 at the
deepest point of the recession. The largest declines in 2009 were in International, with smaller declines in
USIS as we benefited from growth in mortgage from low interest rates.

Importantly, Workforce Solutions grew throughout the period and showed substantial growth of 17% in
2009, both as the work number continued to grow records and contributors during the global financial
crisis, which drove verification hit rates and we saw strong unemployment insurance claims revenue
growth from growing unemployment levels in the U.S. in 2009, and we expect a similar pattern in 2020.

Shifting now to Slide 8. Equifax business mix is better positioned for an economic event today than it was
during the global financial crisis. Strong Workforce Solutions growth has increased their relative size in
Equifax from 10% of revenue in 2009 to 27% of revenue today. And U.S. mortgage has grown from 12%
of Equifax revenue in 2009 to over 20% today.

In addition, Workforce Solutions growth in revenue and significant margin expansion has their -- increased
their percentage of total Equifax EBITDA to 30% today from only 11% in 2008.

Over the last 12 years, Workforce Solutions' outsized revenue growth and the expansion of U.S. mortgage
as well as the growth of less cyclical government-related businesses, including the growth of Workforce
Analytics, has increased Equifax recessions resistancy and countercyclical businesses from 40% of revenue
in 2009 to over 15% -- over 55% today, which we believe has significantly improved our capability to
continue to invest and execute during the COVID-19 economic impacts.

Our cloud technology and data transformation execution is well-timed as the benefits begin to roll in
during 2020 and accelerate in '21 and '22. The cloud transformation investments have allowed us to
more rapidly access multidata assets in the new cloud data fabric environment and deliver new products

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

to market with speed to address the new COVID economic challenges for our customers. The cloud
transformation will improve our revenue growth, cost structure, margins and cash generation in the
future.

Clearly, the COVID-19 recession is much different than 2009 and like anything we've ever seen before, but
Equifax is a stronger business with the scale of Workforce Solutions and U.S. mortgage and much better
positioned to weather the COVID-19 economic impacts with our unique data and technology leadership.
Our financial performance and strength allows us to continue to invest in the cloud transformation and
new products, which will benefit us in the future.

I'll now turn the discussion over to John, so he can cover recent financial trends we are seeing in the
business units as well as an update on our liquidity, technology cost savings and some other financial
items. I'll come back and review our progress on the cloud, technology and data transformation, new
products and our vision for the future of Equifax in '21 and '22. John?

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Thanks, Mark. As a reminder, I will generally be referring to the financial results from continuing
operations represented on a GAAP basis, but will refer to non-GAAP results as well.

First, a few items in 1Q '20. In the first quarter, total nonrecurring or onetime costs principally related to
the cybersecurity incident and our transformation were $81 million, a decrease of $16 million compared to
the prior year. The cost includes $78 million of technology and security and $3 million for legal fees.

In the first quarter, general corporate expense was $134 million. Excluding nonrecurring costs, adjusted
general corporate expense for the quarter was $91 million, up $17 million from 1Q '19. The increase
reflects the higher security technology and equity compensation costs in 2020 as compared to 2019 that
we discussed with you in February.

For 1Q '20, the effective tax rate used in calculating adjusted EPS was 25.3% and in line with the rate we
guided to in February.

Interest expense for the quarter was $31 million, an increase of $4 million from 1Q '19 and in line with our
expectations due to financing the $341 million of legal settlements payments made during 3Q '19.

Our liquidity and balance sheet remains strong. As indicated on Slide 9, we had almost $1.6 billion in
available liquidity at March 31, including $370 million cash and available borrowing capacity on our
bank credit and AR facilities of $1.2 billion. We have no debt maturities in 2020. In 2021, we have debt
maturities beginning in June and will likely pay the remaining $355 million of our U.S. comprehensive
consumer settlement in the first quarter of '21. In addition, we recently worked with our credit facility
lenders to modify our covenants beginning in 2Q '20 through 2021. At March 31, our leverage ratio was
2.7 on the basis of our amended credit agreement, well inside of our new leverage covenant of 4.5x.
This amendment provides us with significant and enhanced financial flexibility to support the continued
execution of our Equifax 2020 cloud technology and data transformation and investment in new products
and capabilities during this recession. We are watching current trends closely and continue to manage
proactively to protect these critical investments. This also gives us the ability to manage our liquidity and
balance sheet.

1Q '20 operating cash flow of $31 million was flat with 1Q '19. As you know, our cash flow in the first
quarter of each year is low as we make bonus payments or annual 401(k) match, dividends and interest
payments all in 1Q. We also made legal settlement payments related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident in
1Q '20 of $47 million related to the $100 million accrued in 4Q '19.

Capital expenditures in 1Q '20 was $88 million, down $27 million from 2019.

We have approximately $400 million of remaining payments on litigation and regulatory outcomes related
to the 2017 cybersecurity incident. About $53 million will be paid in 2020, predominantly in 2Q. The
timing of when the remaining, approximately, $350 million of the U.S. consumer restitution fund is paid

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

depends on the resolution of the appeals filed related to this case, which timing is uncertain at this time.
At this time, we do not expect to fund the remainder of the settlement until early 2021. Detail on the
status of all outstanding regulatory and legal issues will be provided in our 1Q 2020 Form 10-Q.

Turning to Slide 10, entitled Cloud Technology and Data Transformation 2020 Impacts. As we discussed in
our February call, as we put our new cloud-native systems into production, we begin to depreciate these
new systems and incur the cloud and other operating costs of running these new cloud-native systems. It
will generally -- as well as the costs related to our legacy systems. It will generally take 6 to 12 months
from the time the cloud-native system is fully in production to transition a legacy exchange or decisioning
system to a new cloud-native system.

During that time period, in addition to the depreciation on the new cloud-native systems, we incur the
cloud and other operating costs of the new system as well as the operating costs of the legacy systems.
As 2020 is a transition year and the decommissioning of legacy systems is not expected to substantially
occur until late 4Q '20 and 2021, we will incur these additional redundant system transition costs for much
of 2020. For 2020, we continue to expect these additional redundant system transition costs to be in the
range of $0.40 to $0.50 per share, with increased depreciation representing about 2/3 of this additional
cost. And cloud costs, net of any legacy system decommissioning savings, representing approximately 1/3
of this additional cost. At the midpoint of this range, this is a total of about $75 million, with $50 million of
increased depreciation and $25 million of incremental cloud and other operating costs.

In 1Q '20, these additional redundant systems costs were about $15 million or $0.09 per share.

As we move into 2021, we expect the savings from the decommissioning of legacy systems to begin
to exceed the cloud and other operating costs from our new cloud-native systems, resulting in a net
benefit to COG at some point in the second half of 2021. This net benefit to COGS will continue to grow
in 2021 and through 2022 as well as customers migrating to our transform infrastructure and we fully
decommission our legacy systems.

As we have said and as shown in Slide 11, we expect to generate significant cost savings from our cloud
technology and data transformation, a 15%-plus savings in the technology cost, excluding depreciation
and amortization of our cost of goods sold, excluding onetime items. In 2019, technology costs represent
about 45% of total COGS, and full run rate savings in COGS from the completion of the technology
transformation on a 2019 basis would have been about $90 million. A 25% reduction in our development
expense is expected to be generated when we complete the transformation. Again, at 2019 development
expense run rate levels, this is a savings of about $35 million per year.

At 2019 cost levels, these 2 items would drive cost savings of up to $125 million and margins to invest in
new products and growth as well as higher EBITDA.

And capital spending levels are expected to decrease 35% from the 10.5% of revenue we saw in 2019.
We believe our cloud-native infrastructure and dramatically reduced application footprint should allow us
to be more capital-efficient than our peers to at or under 7% of revenue. From 2019's elevated spend
levels, this is a reduction in capital spending of about $115 million per year, which will enhance our long-
term cash flow. In total, that is a pretax cash savings of about $240 million per year on a full run rate
basis using 2019 spend levels as a proxy, substantially strengthening our financial profile and giving us the
capability to further invest in new products and capabilities while enhancing our margins.

In addition to the cost and cash benefits from the cloud transformation, we expect our new single data
fabric and cloud-based applications to accelerate innovation and new products that will be accretive to our
revenue growth rate.

We expect to begin to see net COGS savings during second half of '21 and are targeting reaching the full
run rate of COGS, development expense and capital savings during '22. We will certainly reinvest some of
the savings, so will all not fall to margin. We have come a long way since 2018 and are seeing accelerating
progress on our cloud technology and data transformation. We are becoming increasingly confident we will
achieve our goals.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Now let's take a few minutes to talk about the trends we were seeing in the markets over the past few
weeks. Given the very unique nature of the COVID-19-led recession, the best perspective we can provide
on the impact on our business is to share the trends we are seeing so far in the month of April. We are
unable to forecast the economic event of COVID-19 in our markets. So we are not providing 2020 -- sorry,
2Q '20 guidance and are removing our guidance for 2020 until we have more visibility on the economy.

Slides 12 through 14 show details of revenue trends on a constant currency basis so far during the month
of April and their implications on 2Q '20 if they were to continue. As you would expect, we have daily
transaction reporting broadly available across our business, which we turn into daily revenue estimates.
The trends I am sharing are based on this reporting and our view of these directional trends, which
principally covers our Online business activities, which is about 80% of revenue in the U.S. with lesser
coverage in international.

As shown on Slide 12, USIS represents about 37% of our revenue in the first quarter, of which about 85%
is Online between OCIS and Mortgage Solutions.

Looking at the trend in April, total USIS Online revenue is pointed toward down a little over 10% versus
2019. Online mortgage revenue, the sum of tri-merge and online single file, has continued to show
strong year-to-year growth in April, up about 15%. Online nonmortgage revenue over the month of
April is currently pointed at a decline of about 30% versus last year. As expected, the greatest declines
are occurring in auto, banking and insurance verticals from declines in economic activity, with better
performance in telco as we regained the primary position with a major customer.

The remaining revenue in USIS' Financial Marketing Services, which is offline batch revenue, which
performed relatively well in the first quarter and was down about 4% in March. Our assumption in FMS
will be down over 20% in the second quarter of '20 as it is a blend of marketing-related activity, which we
expect to decline consistent with online nonmortgage, offset by portfolio reviews volume, which we expect
to perform much better than marketing as the recession unfolds. We do not have a meaningful daily trend
for FMS.

Workforce Solutions represented about 31% of Equifax revenue in the first quarter, of which over 75% is
online for Verification Services. Over the last 3 weeks, Verification Services has shown high growth, but at
a level below the 48% increase we saw in 1Q. Based on the April trends and movement in growth rates,
Verification Services growth appears to be pointed at about a 25% increase over 2019.

Mortgage, which is the largest of the Verification Services verticals, has been extremely strong, up over
50% over the past 3 weeks, showing substantial growth versus 2019.

Non-mortgage Verification Services is about half government services related to our contract with the
Center for Medicare Services and the provisioning of benefits at the state level, with the remaining
being talent management, debt services and banking, principally in auto. Non-mortgage Verification
Services, based on the April trends we have seen, is pointed toward a decline of about 15%. Government
Verification Services revenue is performing better than commercial verticals as CMS has reopened for
applications, and we are seeing more benefits activity at the state level.

The nongovernment verticals, principally debt management, talent management and banking, have been
down consistent with levels seen at USIS, with debt management performing much weaker than expected
in a traditional recession as our customer base is weighted towards student loans.

In Employer Services, unemployment insurance claims management represents about half of the
revenue. We expect meaningful revenue growth in UC in the second quarter as we process about 1 in 6
unemployment claim filings in the U.S. Over the past 3 weeks, claims filings by EWS have averaged about
600,000 per week versus an average in 2019 of 20,000 per week. We expect our UC business to increase
by well over 50% versus the just under $30 million of revenue we saw in 2Q '19.

Workforce Analytics, our W-2 business and our talent management businesses are principally subscription-
based businesses and make up the bulk of the remainder of Employer Services. These businesses are
expected to see low single-digit percentage declines year-to-year in the second quarter due to limited new

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

customer acquisition. In total, if people trends hold and as well as these assumptions, we expect Employer
Services revenue to be up over 35% in the second quarter.

Our U.S. B2B businesses, USIS and EWS, make up about 67% of Equifax revenue. The online portion of
these businesses make up 54% of Equifax revenue. And based on April trends, Online is trending to be up
low single-digit percent.

Overall, based on April trends and assuming they hold throughout 2Q, our U.S. B2B should be up a little
under 5% in 2Q '20.

Moving to Slide 13. International represents about 25% of Equifax revenue, of which under half is
Online across its 4 regions. Based on April revenue trends, Asia Pacific is pointed to be down about 20 --
between 20% and 25%. This excludes revenue from our recent acquisition of the remainder of our India
operations, which will be about $2 million in the second quarter.

Lat Am's April revenue trends also point to a decline of a little over 20%. In April, Canada is seeing more
significant declines, pointing to revenue declines of about 40%.

In Europe, we have both the CRA business and the debt management business. The CRA business has
seen a weakening trend in April and is pointing to a decline at current trends of about 40%. Although not
an Online business, our debt management business will be significantly impacted in the second quarter
with revenue expected to be down almost 60%, reflecting the U.K. government's suspension of tax-related
debt collection activities during the pandemic. Debt management is about 1/3 of our European business.
On the basis of these metrics, in total, International revenue is pacing down over 30% in April.

GCS represents about 10% of Equifax revenue. GCS consumer direct, which represents about 40% of the
GCS business, saw very limited impact on revenue in the second half of March. Total subscriptions in the
U.S., Canada and the U.K. are down slightly versus 1Q '20 averages, with these trends holding relatively
stable.

Versus 2Q '19, U.S. consumer direct is expected to be down, reflecting subscriber declines that occurred in
2019. We are seeing overall declines in partner revenue run rates in the high single-digit percent range as
our partners' businesses are impacted by the pandemic.

In total, GCS is seeing revenue declines in the high single-digit percent so far in April.

Although, we are certainly seeing meaningful impact in the COVID-19 lockdowns over the past month, the
resiliency of our business model and strength of Workforce Solutions and our U.S. mortgage business as
well as GCS to a degree, is mitigating this impact, particularly in the U.S.

Due to the uncertainties in forecasting the depth and duration of the recession related to the actions to
combat COVID-19, we are not going to provide second quarter guidance and are retracting our full year
guidance, as we indicated earlier. We will reinstate guidance when the path of recovery from the COVID-19
recession becomes more clear.

However, for perspective on total Equifax 2Q '20 performance, as shown on Slide 14, we are providing
an illustrative second quarter framework to help you think about our performance. To the extent, total
Equifax revenue continued at the pace I described earlier, based on April trends, 2Q '20 revenue would be
down about 6.5% to 8.5% on a constant currency basis or $55 million to $75 million versus 2Q '19.

Based on current FX rates, revenue would be down 8.5% to 10.5% or $75 million to $95 million year-to-
year, resulting in 2Q '20 revenue of $785 million to $805 million.

Adjusted EPS in 2Q '20 at these revenue levels could be in the range of $0.78 to $0.88 per share, down
37% to 44% from 2Q '19.

Slide 19 also provides a walk-through explaining the translation versus 2Q '19 of the revenue decline to
the decline in pretax income and adjusted EPS. Importantly, at these adjusted EPS levels, Equifax will still
deliver about $225 million in adjusted EBITDA.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

This is not guidance as there is still much uncertainty as to what impact the pandemic will have on the
economy, our customers' business activities, any path to opening up the economy and, therefore, our
revenue and earnings. This range provided reflects current variability in trends, not a view of potential
quarter outcomes. We are offering this framework as you determine your view of the possible impacts to
Equifax revenue in 2Q '20 and think about your modeling for Equifax. We hope the detail and framework
we provided on the impacts we have seen to date are helpful as you estimate Equifax second quarter
results.

Let me turn it back to Mark.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Thanks, John. I hope our transparency on recent revenue trends and the framework for the second
quarter is helpful. Let me wrap up with a discussion on our future, our $1.25 billion EFX 2020 cloud
technology and data transformation and our continuing investment in new products.

Turning first to the cloud transformation. As it has only been 2 months since we last discussed our
progress with you on the technology transformation, my discussion today will be abbreviated, and I'll
return to a full update in July.

Our investment in the transformation continues to be a top priority during 2020 as we work towards
completing the strategic transformation and delivering the top line revenue, cost and cash benefits
that John talked about from the investment. We are not seeing any negative impacts on the cloud
transformation progress from the new working environment as our technology team was already well
versed in remote working capabilities.

We remain on track to complete the initial migrations of several large data exchanges by end of the third
quarter, including the work number, NCTUE, U.S. consumer risk or ACRO, IXI wealth, U.S. commercial,
auto and property data assets. Our DataX exchange will follow in the fourth quarter as we made
the decision to migrate DataX to the new cloud environment after the ACRO database conversion or
transformation is completed to allow us to leverage the ACRO cloud exchange for DataX integration.

In addition, initial migration of our eID identity validation systems will be completed in April, with
customer migrations expected to be completed over the next 3 to 4 months.

Our new Luminate cloud identity and fraud suite, which includes a new eID as a service, is being
developed as a cloud-native solution and is expected to be available to customers in the U.S. and Canada
beginning in the third quarter.

Our Ignite analytics and machine learning platform that includes attribute and model management
capability as well as the ability for customers to easily and securely ingest their own data is integrated
with InterConnect and is now available for customer migrations at AWS and on track to be available at
GCP by the end of the second quarter.

We continue to make strong progress globally, rolling out the Ignite analytics platform with almost 200
customers now using Ignite Direct and Marketplace and more than 30 customers using our patented
explainable machine learning, or NDT-based models.

We are continuing our progress in the migration of our customers on to our new cloud-based systems,
including our InterConnect + Ignite API framework. As a reminder, this is a common set of services on
which we are working to migrate all USIS, EWS and International customers. As of the end of the first
quarter, USIS has migrated over 1,200 U.S. customers and International completed migrations with almost
1,000 customers. This is slightly ahead of the pace we discussed with you back in February. We expect
this pace to accelerate significantly through 2020, with over 10,000 U.S. customer migrations expected by
year-end and the vast majority of U.S. customer migrations completed in early 2021. Customer migrations
are an important part of our technology transformation, and we continue to work closely with customers to
define and execute migration plans and speed their access to the advanced products and services we can

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

increasingly offer with our new cloud-native services. We are seeing the customer migration work continue
at a normal pace in the past 5 weeks of the COVID-19 environment, which is encouraging.

We are focused on the execution and, where possible, accelerating our cloud technology and data
transformation road map in 2020 to ensure we deliver the customer and commercial benefits from the
transformation and achieve the revenue cost and cash benefits in '21 and '22. This is a top priority for
Equifax.

Turning now to Slide 15. New product innovation remains a key component of our EFX 2020 strategy and
accelerating new product generation is key to our long-term revenue growth. We have an active pipeline
of new products with over 100 launches forecast for 2020, which is up from about 90 in 2019 and 60 in
2018. We're off to a strong start to the year with 34 new product launches in 2020, which is up 2x from
the 14 we delivered in the first quarter last year.

Increasingly, our new products are leveraging the broad scope and capabilities of our cloud-native
production systems, including a rapid acceleration in time to market.

This quarter, Workforce Solutions launched several new products, including an expanded suite of mortgage
products that provide access to richer employment and income data to customers as well as access to
pull data throughout the mortgage application life cycle and enhanced talent reports that provide a more
complete view of candidate employment, income, education credentials and licenses as well as identity
validation, all critical in the hiring process.

In March, as the depth of the COVID-19 pandemic-initiated recession became clear, our data and analytics
product and commercial teams quickly refocused their activities to work with customers and partners to
leverage Equifax's unique and differentiated data assets and capabilities to support all elements of our
customers' operations in this challenging work environment.

Central to that effort is The Work Number. Our unique and differentiated employment and income data
asset becomes increasingly essential in this environment with unprecedented consumer income and
employment dynamics from accelerating unemployment, salary reductions and furloughs in the United
States.

Our team's focused on how to refine existing products as well as generate new products to utilize these
differentiated capabilities to meet these new customer needs. Our data and analytics teams reacted
immediately to enhance our credit trends reporting that has long been utilized by our customers to
evaluate trends across consumer and commercial lending as well as the changes in overall consumer and
small business credit standing. We immediately moved from a monthly update to weekly reporting service
and added more proprietary Equifax data to help customers have more real-time data to make critical
decisions. This product is now available on our Ignite Marketplace analytics platform.

We also customize this capability for specific needs of our customers. This includes making it available
over secure Ignite application that includes advanced visualization of analytics across our diverse data
assets, including over 11 industry groups, 8 different VantageScore bands for 11 loan products with 3
delinquency stages across 55 states and territories as well as over 350 metropolitan areas in the United
States.

In the mortgage market, we are working across the industry to utilize our data to meet the requirements
for the more current employment and income data and originations using TWN and enhancing off-line
analysis using -- including the use of income and employment data again to help mitigate portfolio risk
and help customers identify consumers that may require specific collections treatment or support. We are
in discussions with customers about weekly and monthly versus quarterly or annual portfolio reviews using
our differentiated data given the rapidly changing financial condition of the consumer.

We've also launched a product we call Response Now, a premium portfolio review solution across auto,
credit card, personal loan and other product lines, which incorporates credit trends weekly reporting,
economic data, consumer financial behavior and income and employment solutions, allowing customers to
proactively manage their risk portfolio and lower credit losses while factoring in current economic -- the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

current economic environment. These models are highly predictive and calibrated to the current economic
environment and help lenders identify deteriorating credit risks.

We also launched a Capital Markets Economic Suite, a suite of products to provide insight to the credit
health of U.S. consumers and small businesses, including delinquency, default and loss severity analytics
for mortgage and other products as well as the loan detail level across zip codes, vintages and market
segments.

Our ability to bring these new capabilities to market so quickly is accelerated by our progress for moving
our data assets into a cloud-native data fabric. This is just the beginning of the new product and analytic
offerings in front of us from our cloud data and technology investments. We will continue to prioritize and
invest in new products, including recession-based product solutions during the second quarter and beyond.

We recognize that Equifax -- we recognize the important role that Equifax plays in the markets around the
world where we do business. During this COVID-19 pandemic, we are working with consumers and other
stakeholders in the public and private sectors on creative solutions that ease the burdens on consumers
and businesses, while assisting in recovery efforts.

In every country where we do business, Equifax is actively engaged with national and local governments
to ensure continued credit reporting that captures the status of consumer payments and lender
accommodations, while recognizing the intentions of policymakers to minimize negative impacts to
consumers' credit ratings caused by COVID-19 hardships.

In the U.S., we've worked independently and in conjunction with Experian and TransUnion to provide
assistance to financial institutions seeking guidance on how to report during this challenging time period.
We recognize that many consumers have been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and will experience
economic distress, particularly in the short term. Equifax is offering support through our website and other
channels to consumers looking to minimize the pandemic's potential impact on their credit standing.

Yesterday, we announced that the 3 U.S. credit bureaus, Equifax, Experian and TransUnion, would be
making free weekly credit reports available to all U.S. customers, all U.S. consumers, for 1 year through
April 2021. We are also offering free credit reports to Canadian consumers. We encourage consumers to
take advantage of ongoing educational support regarding how credit reports and scores work. And for
small businesses, we are partnering with policymakers and others to support small businesses as they
navigate the current environment.

I'm proud of the new steps that we've taken to support consumers and small businesses and look forward
to engaging as a constructive partner to help with additional solutions to help consumers and businesses
in the overall economy during this challenging time.

Wrapping up, let's turn to Slide 16 on the future of Equifax in 2021 and '22. As we battle through the
economic impacts of COVID-19, we remain confident that the future of Equifax is strong. Our financial
performance allows us to continue on offense and invest in our cloud transformation and new products.

As we look forward to the rest of 2020 and into '21 and '22, we are confident in our business model, our
investments and our ability to perform in this challenging COVID-19 economic environment.

First, we have the right team in place of seasoned leaders who understand data and analytics and how to
operate in a recessionary environment.

Second, our unique and differentiated data assets, including consumer credit, employment and income,
utilities and property data assets, along with unique commercial credit data assets, position us to deliver
the products and analytics our customers will demand as they manage through this unprecedented
environment.

Third, Workforce Solutions is a powerful business that we expect to grow through the COVID-19 recession
and have strong growth potential in the long term. Our very unique TWN income and employment data is
even more valuable in this unprecedented economic environment due to the scale, accuracy and latency
of the data. EWS will continue to grow and monetize the TWN database and has real scale, with half of the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

U.S. nonfarm payroll in the database today, which drives hit rates and Workforce Solutions revenue. At
105 million records, the TWN database is up more than 2x from 2009, making it even more valuable than
the global financial crisis many years ago. We expect TWN record growth to continue and to enhance the
value of the database as hit rates continue to increase.

Fourth, the momentum of the U.S. recovery and USIS, International and GCS performance in the second
half of '19 and the first quarter give us confidence that our businesses are competitive and well down the
path of recovery following the 2017 cyber event.

Fifth, Equifax is winning in the marketplace. Recently, Workforce Solutions was awarded one of the largest
contracts in our history from the U.S. Social Security Administration that is expected to deliver $40 million
to $50 million of revenue per year over 5 years, starting in 2021. This contract reinforces the unique
capabilities of our TWN data assets and will deliver strong growth and margins in the future.

Sixth, we are continuing to invest in new products. As you know, NPIs fuel our growth not only in the
current year, but in the future. In 2019, we increased our NPI spending and delivered 90 new products.
We are continuing to invest in 2020 and expect over 100 new products this year. Our NPI capabilities are
being accelerated by our cloud transformation and remain a top priority for 2020 and the future. We will
continue to expand our investments in new products and expect the cloud transformation to accelerate our
growth from NPIs in the future.

And seventh and last, we're making strong progress on our cloud transformation, and the execution of the
cloud investments is a clear priority for our team in 2020. There is no change in our spending or focus on
the cloud transformation. We are continuing our investments and expect to make continued progress in
2020 and be substantially complete in the North America transformation in early '21, with International to
follow.

Our new cloud-native data and applications and always-on stability and speed to market and ability to
market products around the globe will deliver significant benefits to Equifax that John discussed earlier.
They'll enhance our competitiveness and drive our market share, new products and accelerate our revenue
growth. They'll reduce our technology, COGS and development expense by over 15%, delivering $125
million of savings in '21 and '22. These savings ramp through '21 and '22 and allow us to reinvest further
in new products and growth while expanding EBITDA margins. And they also reduce our capital spending
to below 7% of revenue in the '21 and '22 period from the 10.5% of revenue we saw in 2019 and during
the last couple of years. This is equivalent to about $115 million reduction in capital spending from 2019
levels, which provides additional cash for investments or distribution to shareholders.

We believe Equifax is well positioned to weather the economic challenges, with strong revenues for growth
in '21 and '22. We are still working towards reestablishing our long-term financial framework and an
Investor Day in the second half of 2020.

Wrapping up, these are challenging and unprecedented times for everyone. None of us know the depth or
duration of this economic event, but Equifax is operating well, we're prepared for the crisis, and we're well
positioned to weather the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. We are focused on protecting the
health and safety of our team, supporting consumers and delivering for our customers worldwide.

We remain confident that the future of Equifax is strong. Our financial performance allows us to continue
to invest in our future. Our business model is resilient, and we've seen a strong -- and we have a
strong balance sheet that allows us to invest and accelerate our cloud transformation and new product
investments for future growth, cost improvements, margin expansion and cash generation in '21 and '22.

We hope for the continued health of our employees and the consumers, customers, partners, shareholders
and all of our stakeholders. And again, we thank the health care professionals, first responders and others
on the front line of this pandemic for their bravery and dedication.

We will continue to be transparent with you and our investors as the COVID-19 pandemic and the
economic fallout unfolds. We plan to reinstate our 2020 guidance as soon as we have more clarity on the
economic impact from COVID-19 and the path to recovery.
And with that, operator, please open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Andrew Steinerman with JPMorgan.

Andrew Charles Steinerman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

First, I want to thank you for that slide deck. That disclosure is like industry-best. I want to go back to
Slide 7, when you really went over the great financial crisis and how all the divisions did, including EWS,
during that crisis and the 17% growth you pointed to in 2009. And then, Mark, you kind of segued to
talking about how EWS might do through this crisis. And my feeling is, thinking back to 2009, 2009 is
really just 2 years after TALX was acquired in 2007. And I remember, it was benefiting -- getting a lot of
benefit, initial benefit from just being part of the Equifax ecosystem. And now, obviously, a decade later,
that's sort of like a standard. And so I'm thinking, just about Verifier, do you feel like it might just be more
subject to end market volatility now than it was in 2009, just because, again, that benefit has been kind of
in place for a decade now?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes, Andrew, thanks for the question. And you're right that Workforce Solutions or TALX was only a
couple of years into Equifax at the point and it was a different scale of the business. Their database was a
fraction of the size it is today. It's 2x the scale of it. There's no question that there will be pockets in our
perspective. And I think John showed you some of the trends in April, where income employment data is
used in personal loans or in auto, subprime auto, where we're seeing some pressure there or declines in
the recent weeks as a result of reductions in originations. There aren't many people buying cars in the last
5 weeks, for example.

But if you look at the broader perspective of the business and where income and employment data is
used, we believe that the TWN data or income and employment data is more valuable today in this
economic event from COVID-19 than it was in the global financial crisis. In the global financial crisis, you
had unemployment levels that were quite high. We're going to have that again. But you didn't have the
uncertainty around consumers that were on furlough that had reduced salaries. You didn't have the salary
reductions that are so widespread today, and you didn't have the pace of the scale of the unemployment
waves going through the economy. And what we're hearing from our customers is that the value of
knowing if someone's working and the value of knowing how much they're making is more important
today in this economic cycle because of the unprecedented impact on consumers' incomes in the United
States, is really just -- changes dramatically.

You add to it the scale of the use of the product in mortgage, which is much larger today than it was
back then, the system-to-system connections that we have. We have a low interest environment today
that's going to drive refis. The purchase volume, we expect to be down during the pandemic but with low
interest rate environments and stimulus, will that increase in the future. And then you have the ability of
the business to continue to add data records. We've really scaled our capability to add records. And as you
know, while we have hit rates that vary from 30% to 40%, we have 50%, 60%, 70% situations where
we can't meet a customer's request for income and employment data because our database is only 50%
of nonfarm payroll. So as we grow the database, the revenue in that business just grows from hit rates
because of the system-to-systems that impacts there.

So that's a bit of a long-winded discussion that -- first off, we think Workforce Solutions has a really strong
position in this COVID pandemic environment. And we think it has a lot of levers to continue to strengthen
that position going forward.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

And then last is that we really believe that if you think about data assets and value in the COVID pandemic
versus the global financial crisis or prior recessions, understanding someone's income and employment is
critical. I hope that helps.

Operator

We'll go next to Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust.

Andrew William Jeffrey
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Appreciate all the detail, guys. Mark, a couple of questions for you, I guess. First, when I think about
Verifier, I think you touched on it in response to Andrew's question. Could you discuss how much of the
business is SMB? It seems like much of the disruption we're seeing is at that level. So I wonder if that --
how much -- in terms of the employer business, how much you wind up capturing based on mix?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Do you mean on the contributor side or on the verification side, Andrew?

Andrew William Jeffrey
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

On the contributor side.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. Well, there's no question. You look back, I think we shared some stats. Back in 2009, we had 30,000
contributors. Those were largely -- primarily large businesses. And I think you know we've had an
intentional strategy of not only adding large businesses over the last decade and last year and current
months, but also really getting to small businesses because that's where a lot of the workforce is. And we
ended the quarter, I think, with 700,000 companies contributing data to us. So we're clearly getting more
small businesses contributing.

Where the impact of the pandemic is, it's really going to be widespread. You think about large companies,
whether they're airlines or hotels or hospitality, restaurants, there's large companies out there that are
furloughing lots of their employees, their executive team and salaried employees are taking large salary
reductions. So this is a pretty broad-based economic event. And as I discussed with Andrew, what we're
hearing from our customers is that understanding the impact of forbearances and delinquencies is a
challenge, and it's more challenging now than it was in the global financial crisis. But understanding who's
working, how much they're making, has their salary been reduced, are they on furlough at 30% reduction,
are they in a salary reduction and down 50%, is really critically important. And the pace of those changes
are so rapid, meaning salary reductions happening last week.

And if you think about the data assets we have and the industry has, this is the most current data asset
in the industry, meaning we're updated every pay cycle. So we have data every week or 2 weeks from
our contributors, which makes that data incredibly valuable because of its currency. So that's why that
business is doing so well and why we expect it to do well in this economic environment. And we're not
going to slow down our strategy around adding new records. As you know, we have a dedicated team.
That's all they do, is work with big companies and payroll processors to increase our data contributors,
and that's clearly a part of our strategy. You saw the growth that we had in the last year, up to 105 million
records or 80 million uniques, and that's going to continue. So that's another lever for that business in
April and May and June and in the second half of 2020 as we continue to add data records going forward.

While we're pleased we have close to half of the nonfarm payroll in our database, we don't have the other
half. And that's our opportunity to go work on that, which is a unique lever for growth because, as you
know, the business model, the system-to-system integrations, when a mortgage originator's hitting our
file, if they get a hit rate on our 80 million uniques, then they use that for the income and employment

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

verification. If they don't, they have to go down another path. So every day that we're adding new
records, that revenue goes up in any economic cycle as they hit our database.

Andrew William Jeffrey
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's all very helpful. And then just a quick follow-up on mortgage, and I know you're not making
any projections. But as you look into the back half, do you think the MBA forecast is the right way to think
about your business?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. As you know, and I'll let John jump in, we don't forecast mortgage. It's not our gig. There's others
that do that quite well. We look at all the mortgage forecasts when we're doing our normal modeling, I
think, as you know, and we translate that through in a pretty formulaic way into our typical forecast and
guidance. And I think as John pointed out, with where the future is, it's very hard, I think, even for them
to forecast what's going to happen. So we're not really using that beyond -- we're really focused on daily
trends at this point.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

And as you know, right, between MBA, Fannie and Freddie, that their forecasts are extremely divergent
right now. So it's made it more difficult to rely on those. We obviously talk to them a great deal,
understand what their economists think. But as Mark said, given that no one can really forecast the
economy right now, we're heavily focused on trends.

Operator

Our next question will come from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

My first question is to your point you just made around the wide impact of the COVID crisis with lower
salaries, furloughed across the board. I was just curious why you bucketed mortgage as a recession-
resilient bucket. I mean, I understand the trends early on with the rate of the refis. But I'm just curious
how you think about -- how that will perform resiliently maybe compared to '08, '09 when the nuances
between fluctuation side probably?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes, I think -- Manav, thanks for the question. I think we and I don't think there's any company out
there that can forecast where this is going to go. How long are these lockdowns going to last? When are
those going to be relaxing with economic activity? If consumers are stuck in their homes, how can they
buy a car? Or how can they do a lot of financial activity? And that's why we don't see a way to forecast
2020 versus 2009. We tried to point out some of the very powerful differences in Equifax versus the
global financial crisis which we think serves us well as we enter this COVID crisis. But we don't know
what the next stimulus package is going to be. We don't know what's going to happen when the payroll
protection program ends in September. Is there going to be another wave of layoffs? Likely, you would
think. It's hard to tell. Are people going to start flying again and going to hotels? Are they going to go
to restaurants? Those things, there's so many uncertainties. So what we focused on was try to be really
transparent with you, try to help you understand the significant changes in Equifax versus 2009, with
Workforce Solutions up to 37% of our business and a sizable part of our EBITDA. U.S. mortgage, which
we expect to continue to grow through this pandemic because of low interest rates and refis driving that
and the cost actions that we've taken. We've tried to give you the best framework we can. And as soon as
we have some visibility around where we think 2020 or '21 is going, we'll certainly provide it. But we think
we're better positioned today than we certainly were in 2009 because of the mix of our businesses.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Got it. And then just to clarify on the Employer Services business and the business tied to unemployment
premiums. John, I think you mentioned you guys do 1 in 6 claims. So I was just curious, is the revenue
model just simply, you get paid for each claim or is there some other nuance? I think there's just some
confusion around that.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Sure. So the way the business model works is it's a subscription business, in effect, where when people
sign up for a subscription, they get a certain number of claims as part of the subscription. And then as
they run through the subscription, they pay overages. So what's occurring, right, is obviously is no one
anticipated this level of claims. So customers are running through their annual subscription. And then
when they run through that, they start to pay overages and the reason you're seeing the revenue start to
grow. But it's at a -- it isn't consistent necessarily with movements in unemployment, is because of the
fact that the -- that as employers run through their subscription level, then we start -- they start paying
for overages based on when their subscription effectively started. So that's what you're seeing, and that's
why you're seeing the growth rates that we're talking about.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

And those, John, are happening as we speak, meaning, just with the massive spike in unemployment
claims coming in, Manav, we're certainly in revenue mode with those subscription agreements that we
have.

Operator

We'll go next to George Mihalos with Cowen.

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Let me add my thanks for the presentation you put out this morning. I guess where I'd like to start is,
if we look at Slide #12, where you're talking about the 2020 April revenue trend. At least for the U.S.
business, USIS and EWS, can you maybe give us a sense of how those trends have trended throughout
the month of April? Were they dramatically different last week versus, say, the first week of the month?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

John, maybe I'll start a little bit and then maybe you can jump in. There was a difference between the
last 2 weeks of March and as we got into April, for sure. And if you remember, the last weeks in March, all
of us were schooling up our BCP plans, going to work from home, and there just was, I think, a different
level of activity with our customers and with consumers. As we got into April, if you want to call the work
from home, shelter in place mode being some level of normal, it was more normal in April. But John, I
don't think there was much difference outside of like unemployment claims coming in and stuff like that?

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

I guess the only thing I would add to that is it has been relatively variable, right? So we look at the trends
daily. And you will see meaningful changes in any given day in the level of revenue when you look year-
over-year, right? And that's why we tend to look over the longer periods. But I don't think there were any
really distinct trends. Probably if you looked at USIS online mortgage, you'd say it was probably somewhat
trending a little bit negative. But quite honestly, we consider that in the chart that we put forward. So
-- but other than that, the trends -- I'd say, the trends are a bit variable, and that's quite honestly why
we put a range on what we provided on Slide 14. Not because it's a guidance range but because there's

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

variability in the activity we're seeing in the month. And the only other place we're probably seeing some
trends where we mentioned is seeing a little bit of a trend in the U.K., it's trending negatively. And in some
countries, we're seeing some stability, right? So we started to see stability in, let's say, Australia. So that's
been somewhat of a positive. But overall, the trends are relatively consistent, but they are highly variable
in the period, although wobbling around the averages we gave.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

I think what will be interesting is that next couple of weeks, I think as everyone is watching, you're seeing
some markets start to relax the shelter in place. Chile, I think, where we have a business, is starting
next week. And New Zealand is starting. You see some states in the United States that are talking about
relaxing that in the coming weeks. And I think that will be indicative of, as we have this walk back from a
shelter in place to having some levels of economic activity, of what that does to our current run rates.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

The other point to make sure is we're clear on, right, is that International, right, that the percentage
of online business is just lower. So the clarity on the impact of the rates that we're giving you, the
percentages we're giving you, on the entire business is less. We think what we've done is reasonable, but
the level of online reporting is just lower.

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Understood. Understood. I appreciate that color. And then John, just 2 numbers questions, if I may. Just
on Slide 11, the $125 million of potential savings, which obviously would go into EBITDA once they're
consummated. Is it right to think that from an earnings perspective, there will also be additional savings
coming through from lower depreciation and amortization?

And then I know you're not giving guidance on Slide 14, but looking at that negative $85 million to
$100 million impact, is it reasonable to assume that there will be some offsets from the $90 million of
annualized cost cutting that Mark talked about earlier in the call?

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Yes. So just looking at Slide 11, right? I mean what we tried to do was just provide some indicative levels
of dollars based on 2019 actual cost levels, since that's what we -- that's the only data we have that's
a complete year and available. So we've talked about this in the past, right? So the COGS savings are
ex D&A, and those are things that will ramp in as we start shutting systems down, right? So as things
decommission, principally starting very late this year and then going into 2021 and then 2022, you'll see
those ramp.

The development expense, obviously, next year, we stop with Sierra reporting in 2021. So our
development expense, you'll actually see an increase in 2021, not because the spending is higher, the
spending will actually be lower. It's just because in 2020 and 2019, we were showing -- we included some
of this development spending in Sierra in separate reporting, right, which we had separated. So it wasn't
included in our adjusted -- in our adjusted EPS. So you'll see an increase in dev expense, but then as
we complete the transformation, you will see the dev expense starts to decline principally as we get into
2022, hence Mark's comments.

Same thing with capital, right? As you complete the U.S. transformation, which Mark talked about
completing in 2021, once that's complete, that's when you start seeing the capital reduction start to occur.
So these things will phase in over time.

D&A, D&A, I think we'd indicated was a big step-up this year. We don't have a crystal ball into 2021. It's
unlikely you'll see a big reduction in 2021. You could actually see somewhat of an increase based on the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

spending we're seeing now. So I wouldn't expect that. But again, that -- we don't have a crystal ball.
That's a difficult thing at this point to forecast.

In terms of near term, if you're talking about second quarter, getting some benefit from this in the second
quarter. Now we've included everything that we believe that will occur in the second quarter. And it's the
prior slide, which gives a view as to the impact on the transformation in 2020. And there, we're actually
incurring the incremental cost of transformation because we're seeing the duplicate costs that we've talked
about in the past and that we've shown on Slide 10.

So hopefully, that covered your question.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

John, maybe I could just add. I think the group on the call knows that up until today's call, we've kind of
talked about percentages that we see from savings from the cloud transformation. But now that we're at
kind of the end of the first quarter and heading towards the last 3 quarters of the year, we thought it was
helpful to put some dollars in of what we expect those benefits to be in '21 and '22 and going forward.

Operator

We'll go next to David Togut with Evercore ISI.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Thanks again for the added disclosure. Mark, you called out a 500 basis point increase year-over-year
in the win rate in the first quarter. Can you just elaborate a little bit on where you're seeing the biggest
increases in your win rates by business segment? And at this point, do you feel that you're completely
back to where you were prebreach in terms of win rates in USIS?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. It's a great question. And there's clearly been momentum. We've seen fairly steady, but there's been
some bumpy sequential improvement over the last couple of years post the cyber event in 2017. And as
you know, USIS was impacted most significantly. And as we got into the second half of 2019 and the first
quarter, you can see the nonmortgage online responding there.

The win rates have been pretty broad-based. I think you know we've got a really strong commercially-
oriented leader in Sid Singh that was kind of a year in and change into his role, so he's really taking
hold. He's restructured the commercial organization in the last few months, and that's bringing some
new energy into how they're focused in the marketplace. The new product rollouts are helpful, growing
products last year, gives him more stuff to sell and his team, which I think is quite helpful. So really, there
isn't a segment that stands out. We're focused on all of them. And I think you know we put a particular
focus on fintech because that's a space where our competitors are much stronger than we are, and we've
spooled up -- I think we've gone probably from a year or 18 months ago from a couple of people calling on
fintech to close to a dozen today that are in that space. And of course, that has historically been growing
pre-COVID much more rapidly than the normal market. So it was a space that we wanted to play in. So no
good answer on anything that really stands out except that there's just been a real focus around driving
that.

And the second half of your question is, are we back yet? The question, no, of course, USIS, our
competitors' pre-COVID, and I don't know what their first quarter numbers look like, but I expect their
nonmortgage growth -- organic growth would be higher than USIS' in the United States. So that's
a growth rate we're still chasing. We still believe that our team has the potential to get back and be
competitive, as exhibited by the win rates that they're having in the marketplace. And when I think about
going into the COVID pandemic and the economic impacts, having that momentum from USIS still in
recovery mode is positive. The fact that they've had the sequential growth and the performance in the
second half of '19 and the first quarter performance gives me confidence that they're going to react and
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

support our customers in the marketplace. And then you couple that with having the -- some of the unique
data assets we have like TWN that the USIS team can sell in the marketplace, that can bundle with the
existing credit file sales or other ways to go to market and bring value to our customers and using our new
single data fabric with integrated solutions that combine our USIS data with our TWN data, those are more
opportunities for that team to have more wins in the marketplace.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

The only thing I'd throw in there is, as you know, and I'm sure every business is dealing with, as we now
work through April, May and June, we're evaluating the funnel very closely given the effects that are
happening to our customers around -- because of the pandemic. So.

Operator

We'll go next to Jeff Meuler with Baird.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I wanted to talk through, I guess, the margin impacts and the cost cutting a bit more. So what's all in the
$90 million of annualized? Are you reflecting any of the benefit in the Q2 illustrative examples? And is it
just like the cost actions? Or does it also include savings from things like variable compensation that might
be impacted or like the higher increase? Just what's all in there? And is it impacting Q2 at all?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. Like most companies, we took actions as soon as we saw the pandemic hit. As I said in my
comments, we've got a hiring freeze in place at Equifax. But that excludes where we see we need
resources for the cloud transformation or for new products. So there's some benefits from that, that you
expect, Jeff, would roll through. There's the travel benefits. No one's traveling. We'll -- I would guess
there'll be no internal travel at Equifax for the rest of the year until there's some clarity around the
vaccine, and there'll be limited commercial travel, so that rolls in there.

And then we also are tightening our belt around our other discretionary costs with third parties, advisers,
consultants, others that are doing work that are not integral to the cloud transformation or to the -- our
new product rollouts. Those are areas that we're trimming back and that -- John can answer the question
around the framework, and I'll let John take that.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Sure. So you also specifically mentioned variable compensation. And no, it doesn't include savings on
variable compensation since the first quarter was so strong. Obviously, if that was to occur, that would
be in the future. So I think Mark covered it, right? Effectively, what it is, it's the removal of any growth
we had in spending in the plan that we would have shared with you back in February. And then the real
reductions come in, in the reductions in discretionary spend, which we have taken some, and we're
continuing to work, and we'll expect to have more progress there, and then also substantial reductions in
T&E. And then in terms of our employee expense, effectively, we're holding everything flat, as Mark said.
So no new hiring, and we'll see the benefit of attrition. But that's what's in the numbers today, and that's
what the second quarter reflects. And that's how we've done our longer-term scenario planning as we plan
our business through the end of 2020. Beyond that, there's no incremental benefits to cost savings in the
illustrative view that we provided you on Slide 14.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Jeff, maybe I'll add one more comment. From our perspective, when you think about how we're running
the company, I said in my comments quite clearly and hopefully clearly, that we're going to protect

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

our franchise. We've got the financial strength to continue to make strategic investments even in this
challenging economic time, and that includes the cloud transformation, which John and I both said, we're
-- we're spending what we plan to spend in 2020. And frankly, if we could find a way to accelerate the
spending to accelerate the savings and benefits, we might do that.

And the same with NPI. As you know, last year, we increased our spending in NPI, and that resulted in
more new products. If we find opportunities to increase our spending around new products in 2020, we
will do that in order to deliver in the near term new products related to the recession impacts but also for
the future of Equifax.

And then on the discretionary cost side, these are belt tightenings that are obviously meaningful but are
focused on areas where we won't, in my words, impact the franchise and the future of Equifax in '21 and
'22.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then I understand the subscription with overage's model for the UE claims business. But can
you just kind of help me better understand the timing factor? Like when do you recognize revenue relative
to when the initial claim is filed?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Well, if they're outside of their subscription, pretty quickly. Meaning they're on the clock. That's how the
economics work.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

It's just -- tactically, it's when we deliver the service, right? So when this is delivered and the claim
would be filed and we -- then the overage has occurred and we can bill for it, then the revenue would be
recognized in period.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

But we're clearly in that mode with a whole bunch of like a lot of the customers in the last couple of
weeks.

Operator

We'll go next to Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo.

William Arthur Warmington
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

So first, just want to say congratulations on the Social Security contract. And I wanted to ask, when in
2021 you start generating revenue? Is that a Jan 1 start?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. We don't have a specific timetable for that. It's a very significant contract for us, as I mentioned. It's
the largest contract in our history if we look back. It's one that really represents the power of that income
and employment data that we have in EWS. And we wanted to give you some visibility as we were talking
about '21 and '22, and obviously, '23 and '24, because it's a 5-year contract that, that contract is going
to be rolling in. And as we get closer to either the next few quarters or closer to our '21 guidance or the
financial framework that we plan to put in place later in the year, we'll certainly give you more specifics on
that.

William Arthur Warmington
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then for my follow-up, I was going to ask if you could put some numbers around what you're
seeing in terms of volume originations for credit card, for auto and for insurance. And it'd also be helpful
in terms of doing our modeling, if you could get a sense for what that represents as a percentage of total
Equifax revenue.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes, John, you're going to have to help me on that one. I don't know if we have handy that kind of data.
I think you probably know that when it comes to cards and P loans, we're smaller than our competitors
in the United States in that space. They're much larger than we are. And we've clearly globally seen the
largest impacts in cards, P loans and auto, just because, it's common sense, right? If consumers can't get
out of their homes, they can't go to a car dealership and buy a car and then they can't use the financing
on it. So there's clearly been impacts in every market in those spaces. John, would you add to that in any
way?

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

No. I just -- I'd say, I'm -- we gave -- I think we gave quite good detail on nonmortgage in total. But no,
we haven't broken it down for everybody by line of business. So I think that's a level of granularity we're
going to hold back on. We're okay where we are.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

I think maybe just -- as you might imagine, what we are seeing is that the customers we deal with have
pulled back on prescreens or originations. They're raising risk scores because of the uncertainty around
the consumer which impacts their volume. And as I mentioned in my comments, you may recall that I
was running GE Capital's credit card business, which is now Synchrony, back in 2009, and those are the
actions we took. Until you have some clarity around the consumer in those kind of businesses, whether
it's P loan, auto or cards, you're going to be more conservative on your originations. The flip side of that
is, as I mentioned, which is the beauty of the business that we're in, is the countercyclical side is, in my
experience, we spent more money on portfolio managements and credit line increase and decrease actions
in order to manage the existing book that you have because the consumer is changing so rapidly. And one
area we see that -- we're seeing some real traction on is increased discussions and activity around our
income and employment data from Workforce Solutions in some of those spaces where we historically had
less penetration or market share.

Operator

We'll go next to Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

You talked quite a bit about the new product enhancements you've rolled out to address the recessionary
environment, many of which seem to prioritize more frequent data updates. Do you think demand for this
level of frequency could persist coming out of the crisis? And then maybe relatedly, are there any other
changes to customer behavior that you've seen that you think could have a more lasting impact on the
demand side?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Yes. I think it's really tough to predict what's going to happen because we've never seen anything like
this. And there's so many uncertainties about how is the consumer going to come back? What's the
stimulus going to look like? Is there going to be a second wave after the payroll protection plans here

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

27

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

in the United States of unemployment action? So you have all those things layered in there which really
impact how long this cycle is going to be and how much stimulus is going to be put at it? Clearly, we've
seen unprecedented amounts that will be helpful. But the depth of this one, when you think about travel
and the impacts from unemployment in so many sectors is just massive. Whether it will persist on the
frequency post this economic event, hard to predict. I do expect the frequency of refreshing your data,
refreshing your portfolio to be much more in this economic event than it was in 2009, just because there's
so many more uncertainties in this environment.

The second thing I would say that I mentioned earlier in my comments that I think is going to be
uniquely valuable for Equifax is income and employment data. Who's working and who's not is going
to be -- we didn't have the database in the scale that we had in 29 (sic) [ 2009 ]. We do today, but
the volatility of people's salaries and ability to repay their debts is so much different in this economic
environment than the last one. And then to your point, does that result in work number or our TWN
income and employment data becoming more of the workflows going forward? I think it's really possible,
and we're opportunistically trying to work on that. When you think about mortgage, every mortgage in
the United States that's originated for the most part pulls all 3 credit files, and most -- and they all have
to really verify income and employment. We're very integrated in that workflow, but we still have more
opportunities for system-to-system integration. We don't have -- we only have -- I say only, we only have
half of the nonfarm payroll. So there's a 50% of the originations or whatever the percentage is, something
like that, that have to be verified in another way. So we'll be able to grow going in that space. We don't
have that same penetration in some of the other sectors. And this could result in an extended period for
Workforce Solutions to increase its market share in some of those other spaces like auto, like P loans and
like cards, which we've been working on pre-pandemic, and we're really spooling up now.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Great. That's helpful. And then one quick one. As the Workforce Solutions business mix potentially
stabilizes a bit this year with a faster-growing Employer Services business, could you refresh us on the
margin profile of the Verification Employer Services businesses? Just trying to gain appreciation for how
a stronger Employer Services business might impact margin expansion trends over the next handful of
quarters?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

John, maybe you could take that one.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Sure. Yes. So we haven't given specific margin differences. What we have said is that Verification Services
looks somewhat like the online portions of USIS, somewhat lower, right, because they have some royalty
payments that are larger than what USIS might pay and that Employer Services is quite a bit below that,
okay? But we haven't actually given a specific breakdown. Although, given the detail we give on split of
revenue and then total margin for the BU, I think you can probably get pretty close.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

John, I think it's safe to say that the incremental margins on this incremental unemployment claim volume
is quite high.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

It is. It is. Not quite as high as the verification, but it's high. It is relatively high, yes.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

28

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Our next question will come from Gary Bisbee with Bank of America.

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I guess, 2-part question. First, on your Employer Services -- I'm sorry, Workforce Solutions business, how
do we think about the 22 million jobs lost in the last couple of weeks on the records? And how does that --
and you talked about continuing to grow records, but it would -- the active records go down as people lose
their jobs. How does that flow through to revenue?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Well, there will clearly be some impact there. We don't process all unemployment claims. We pick up that
data which is valuable on the claims that we do process. So there could be some impact, but I think it's
quite minimal. John?

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Yes. So I mean, effectively, the dynamic that's occurring, right, is that as we get payroll files, to the extent
that we have a given employer that has done a layoff so that the employment is much lower, which I think
is what you're referring to, then, yes, work number records would decline. What's been offsetting that,
right, I mean, certainly, year-on-year, but also continuing through this quarter -- sorry, last quarter and
the first quarter, is there was a substantial increase in the number of subscribers starting really, as we
talked about, kind of September through the end of last year and a very large increase in records. So
what you're looking at is very large increases in records year-on-year and absolutely some offset from
unemployment increasing once individuals become unemployed. And I think the dynamic that's benefiting
us is the year-over-year benefit we have from what I just referenced. And then also the continued work
that the team is doing to add new contributors at a relatively rapid pace. So as we go through this year,
we'll have to see how those 2 dynamics play out in terms of our ability to add new contributors and then
also the negative effect, which is -- which as our contributors have lower employee bases that you see our
-- that impact the record base. But so far, because of the large additions in new contributors we've seen
over the past 5 -- 6 to 7 months, that continues to be a net positive. As we go through the year, we'll keep
you up-to-date on what it looks like.

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

And maybe, John, just to add to that, as you probably know or you may know, we sell various flavors
of our Workforce Solutions TWN data. We sell system-to-system integration if the consumer's going
through a mortgage process and the originator hits our file, if there's a consumer in that file, then they
pull that record in their -- we charge them for it, whether they're working today or they were working 6
months ago, 9 months ago, 12 months ago, et cetera, dependent upon the product that they pull in. We
also -- there's applications or customer use cases where so-called inactive records, meaning someone
was working or on our database a year ago or 6 months ago or 2 months ago and is not active today
is another revenue source for us that we sell. So there's multiple ways that we're able to sell the data,
including the active records.

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then just a quick follow-up. We've seen a number of reports out there about tighter bank
underwriting standards beginning to impact refinancing volumes and potentially consumer lending more
broadly. Have you -- are you seeing that in the data? Is that incorporated at all in the mortgage strength
that's implied by that April trend data?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

29

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

I think it's hard for us to see that in mortgage because that's -- mortgage is fairly strong, both in the
credit file in USIS and then with the Verification and Workforce Solutions. I think, as John pointed out,
in USIS, our nonmortgage volume is, obviously, trends are down versus first quarter and last year. And
those are going to reflect things like auto and P loans and credit cards, and it's going to be a combination.
It's going to be primarily of them reducing originations. Part of it is just from economic activity or foot
traffic, meaning with people in shelter in place, you can't buy a car or you can, but it's not as much
happening. And then some of it is going to be, as you described, of -- in lenders, which some I've talked
to, and I know that's what I did in 29 -- 2009, when I was running GE Capital's business, you tighten up
originations, so you figure out where that -- where the consumer is going to be. So you raise score cutoffs
or different ways to make sure you're protecting your book while you're still doing some originations. But
we've clearly seen declines in those markets, not only in the United States but in other markets around
the globe.

Operator

We'll go next to Brett Huff with Stephens Inc.

Brett Richard Huff
Stephens Inc., Research Division

And thanks for the exit rate data, guys. I hope you're both doing well. A couple of questions from me. I'm
looking back at my model, and I think you guys bottomed out in the USIS online, about minus 13% in one
of the quarters in '09, if I'm remembering right. And I think you said you're seeing about minus 30% now.
I'm just wondering kind of the compare contrast between those 2 numbers, if I've got those right. What's
different and what's similar between those 2? And why more today?

Mark W. Begor
CEO & Director

Well, there's nothing similar about 2009. There is, but I'm being a little sharp on that. This is so different.
In 2009, there wasn't shelter in place, and there wasn't every retail operation, auto dealers, you name
it, shut down for months at a time. That's dramatically different in just the economic activity. And as I
mentioned earlier, as we're starting to see some relaxation in states, like here in Georgia, they're going
to allow restaurants to open in a week or 2 and things like that, that to me is what is one point that's
just dramatically different and you really can't compare how we performed until we get back to what I
would call normal economic activity, meaning consumers are allowed to go to stores and want to go to
stores and so on. Even with that, it's my view that this is going to be dramatically different than 2009
from an economic standpoint, just because of how consumers are going to operate. Are they going to go
on a plane on vacation? That drives economic activity and credit cards. Are they going to put off buying
a new car? The waves of unemployment are very different now than they were in 2009, and we've never
seen, in our lifetimes, the waves of furloughs or salary reductions. It's just never been at that scale, which
obviously changes how the consumer is operating and can operate. So that's just dramatically different.

Now why we thought it was important to share that with you of what we looked like in 2009 was not about
the specific percentages, but really how our -- the resiliency of our business is, and we try to give you our
view of how we categorize the businesses. And a business like Workforce Solutions powered through the
2009 crisis, is currently powering through the COVID crisis. We expect that to continue.

The same with U.S. mortgage with low interest rates. Us being over-indexed to mortgage in the United
States is a good thing. It's generating margin that we can use to reinvest in the business as that business
goes forward. So I think there's more differences than similarities, but the difference is around the scale
of our recession-resistant businesses being dramatically larger in this economic event versus 2009,
which was the worst we've ever seen until now, I think, serves us well as we get deeper into this COVID
economic recession.

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

30

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Sorry, just for clarity, we said nonmortgage is down 30% online. Total online, we said down just over 10%.
I just wanted to make sure you're comparing the right numbers, that's all.

Brett Richard Huff
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Got you. That's helpful. And then the second question is, John, you mentioned kind of having the online
kind of daily tally, if you will. Do you have any insight into the credit files that are being pulled or the data
that's being used, kind of what use cases are being more or less impacted? And I'm thinking sort of the
difference between maybe marketing, credit offers versus originating credit offers versus doing kind of
portfolio management type stuff. Any sort of hints in the data on that or is that too opaque still?

John W. Gamble
Corporate VP & CFO

So for us, most, not all, marketing and portfolio management would be batched. So that would be an FMS.
And that's a place where we would have less visibility now, I think, as we mentioned in the call, because
that batch business tends to happen for end of periods, and it isn't really as subject to reliable trends. So
we've made assumptions about what will happen there, but they're far less based on trends, and they're
based on the trends we're seeing in online.

Within online, we do know by general industry type. And I think there is some detail within industry
type deeper than that. But in terms of a specific use case within a lender, no, not so much, right? So for
example, if someone pulls a mortgage file, we'll certainly know who pulled it. But we don't necessarily
know if it's for a refi or not or we don't -- or versus a new purchase. Or in some cases, it's difficult to tell if
it's even for HELOC.

Operator

And now I would like to turn the call over to Jeffrey Dodge. Please go ahead.

Jeffrey Dodge

Okay. That will conclude our call for today. I appreciate everybody's time. I know the call went a little bit
longer than normal, but again, refer you to the material that is on our website. And with that, operator, we
will conclude our call.

Thanks, everybody.

Operator
That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

31

EQUIFAX INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

32

