Equinix, Inc. (REIT) NasdaqGS:EQIX
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, November 03, 2021 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.60

1.68

5.00

1.53

5.73

8.06

Revenue  (mm)

1680.25

1675.18

(0.30 %)

1713.06

6647.17

7195.03

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2021 8:55 PM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.50

1.75

1.84

1.60

0.57

1.74

0.76

1.68

SURPRISE

(62.00 %)

(0.57 %)

(58.70 %)

5.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Katrina Rymill
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Aryeh Klein
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

David Anthony Guarino
Green Street Advisors, LLC,
Research Division

Yong Choe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Erik Peter Rasmussen
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Frank Garrett Louthan
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Equinix Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] Also, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn
the conference over to Katrina Rymill, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. You may
begin.

Katrina Rymill
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, and welcome to today's conference call. Before we get started, I would like to remind
everyone that some of the statements that we're making today are forward-looking in nature and involve
risks and uncertainties. Actual results may vary significantly from those statements and may be affected
by the risks we identified in today's press release and those identified in our filings with the SEC, including
our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2021 and 10-Q filed on July 30, 2021. Equinix assumes
no obligation and does not intend to update or comment on forward-looking statements made on this call.

In addition, in light of Regulation Fair Disclosure, is Equinix' policy not to comment on its financial
guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure.

In addition, we will provide non-GAAP measures on today's conference call. We provide a reconciliation
of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a list of the reasons why the
company uses these measures in today's press release on the Equinix IR page at www.equinix.com.

We have made available on the IR page of our website a presentation designed to accompany this
discussion, along with certain supplemental financial information and other data. We would also like
to remind you that we post important information about Equinix in the IR page from time to time and
encourage you to check our website regularly for the most current available information.

With us today are Charles Meyers, Equinix' CEO and President; and Keith Taylor, Chief Financial Officer.
Following our prepared remarks, we will be taking questions from sell-side analysts. In the interest of
wrapping this call up in an hour, we would like to ask these analysts to limit any following questions to just
one.

At this time, I'll turn the call over to Charles.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Kat. Good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. We had a great
quarter achieving our 75th consecutive quarter of top line revenue growth and a record Q3 on bookings,
a clear signal of strong market demand. Our results were fueled by continued strength in our Americas
business and robust performance for our channel program globally as key partners continue to see
Platform Equinix as a point of nexus for digital transformation solutions.

The pandemic has triggered an accelerated need to digitize business models in virtually every segment of
the economy, and our strong results reflect this increasing demand for digital infrastructure. And Equinix
remains uniquely positioned to help customers as they shift towards distributed, hybrid and multicloud as
the clear architecture of choice.

As we continue to strengthen our position as the world's digital infrastructure company, our focus remains
on creating distinctive and durable value for our customers and our shareholders, driving growth and
scale in our market-leading colocation franchise, expanding our relevance to the cloud ecosystem through
xScale and tapping into massive sources of incremental demand by adapting to evolving customer needs
with a rapidly growing digital services business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Turning to our results as depicted on Slide 3. Revenues for Q3 were $1.7 million, up 8% year-over-year.
Adjusted EBITDA was up 4% year-over-year. And AFFO was in line with our expectations. Interconnection
revenues continue to outpace colocation revenues, growing 11% year-over-year driven by solid physical
cross-connect growth and broad adoption of Equinix Fabric. These growth rates are all on a normalized
and constant currency basis.

We processed more than 4,200 deals in the quarter across more than 3,100 customers, highlighting the
reach, scale and predictability of our bookings vision. We have a solid demand pipeline as we look to the
final quarter of the year, and we continue to add capacity to service this demand with 11 major projects
delivered this quarter in key markets like Frankfurt, New York and Singapore and 31 more major projects
underway across 23 markets in 16 countries.

Our global interconnection franchise continues to thrive, with over 414,000 total interconnections on our
industry-leading platform. In Q3, we added an incremental 7,800 interconnections that now have at least
one major cloud on-ramp in 42 metros around the world, 2x more than the nearest competitor, a clear
indication that Equinix is the home of the interconnected cloud.

Internet exchange saw peak traffic up 6% quarter-over-quarter and 30% year-over-year to over 21
terabits per second as traffic growth remains robust. Equinix Fabric saw excellent growth, continuing to
significantly overindex within the broader interconnection portfolio. More than 2,800 customers are now on
Fabric, with attach rates moving up into the right as businesses diversify their end destinations and service
providers integrate Fabric into their own solutions.

In September, we extended Platform Equinix into our 27th country with the close of our GPX acquisition,
entering the strategic Indian market. Our 2 data centers in Mumbai form a network-dense campus with
more than 350 international and local companies, including 6 on-ramps to the world's leading cloud
service providers and a robust network ecosystem. GPX represents an ideal entry point into this top 10
GDP country, and we expect to expand our operations significantly in India over the coming years as we
tap into this rapidly growing market.

In parallel, with our tremendous retail success, we continue to expand our xScale business. In October,
we announced plans to expand into Australia with an agreement to establish a $575 million joint venture
with PGIM Real Estate to develop 2 data centers in Sydney, which will provide more than 55 megawatts of
capacity when fully built.

Also, during the quarter, we closed the first phase of our previously announced EMEA 2 Joint Venture
with GIC and signed 2 megawatts with a hyperscaler in Frankfurt. We currently have 8 xScale builds
under development, including our newly announced Madrid 3, Mexico C3 and Sydney 9 assets. which will
collectively add 25 megawatts of capacity when they open in the first half of 2022. The total investment
of our various hyperscale joint ventures, when closed and fully built out, is now expected to be more than
$7.5 billion across 34 facilities globally, with more than 675 megawatts of power capacity.

Turning to our digital infrastructure services. Our Equinix Metal business saw strong revenue growth
as cloud native and service provider customers continue to embrace the ability to deploy physical
infrastructure at software speed. And Network Edge saw robust growth as established customers purchase
more virtual network functions across additional metros. By year-end, we expect Network Edge to be
available in 25 metros around the world.

So now, let me cover highlights from our verticals. Our network vertical continues to be a foundation for
the business, with strength in the quarter in cable and satellite subsegments and continued momentum in
joint go-to-market with our top network partners across the globe. Expansions this quarter included Zayo
Group, a global communications infrastructure company, adding interconnection and colocation capacity
to support demand; Vocus, Australia's leading specialist fiber and network solutions provider, building
infrastructure in both Sydney and Melbourne to offer network services; and Hurricane Electric, a global
network service provider utilizing Equinix Fabric to allow enterprise customers to access their IP transit
product at scale and in real time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Our enterprise vertical saw another strong quarter, led by manufacturing and fintech and record channel
activity. New wins and expansions included a Fortune 100 manufacturing company, deploying global
network hubs to enable their SaaS analytics offering; a leading technology manufacturer, deploying a
custom liquid-cooled environment and solution center to support the next generation of high-performance
compute; and a Fortune 250 online retailer and e-commerce platform, deploying across Platform Equinix
with low-latency, cloud-adjacent network hubs to support their retail-branded sites.

Our cloud and IT vertical saw particular strength in the Americas as industry-specific cloud solutions
continue to be a catalyst for innovation and new growth. Expansions this quarter included Adobe, a
leading cloud software provider, deploying infrastructure to support its platforms and optimize sustainable
participation in key digital markets and ecosystems; Wasabi, a U.S.-based object storage company,
expanding their offering on Equinix Fabric into APAC and EMEA, enabling customers to easily connect their
bare metal workloads posted on Equinix Metal; and a top 5 global software provider, deploying core nodes
to support their growing user base and demand in both Mexico City and Sao Paulo.

Content and digital media had a great bookings quarter, with resurgence in this vertical being led by
APAC and broad-based strength in the gaming and streaming subsegments as consumer demand for
at-home digital services remains strong. Expansions this quarter included Netflix, a global streaming
service expanding cross-platform Equinix to new and existing markets to support OTT delivery; Kingsoft,
a Chinese cloud provider expanding into Singapore to support rapid sales growth; and a top 3 content
distributor extending coverage and scale for its growing platform in the delivery of new and existing
security solutions.

And our channel program continues to shine, delivering another robust quarter. This important go-to-
market motion accounted for over 35% of total bookings, nearly half of our enterprise bookings and more
than 60% of our new logos in the quarter. We are benefiting from tremendous momentum in hybrid cloud
adoption and seeing particular strength from the joint enterprise pursuit with our key alliance partners,
such as AT&T, AWS, Dell, HPE and Microsoft. Wins were across a wide range of industry verticals and
included a marquee win with Nvidia, IBM and SVA for Continental Group, a worldwide automotive parts
supplier, building an interconnected global network to optimize workloads and speed up AI training for
their advanced driver assistance systems.

So now, let me turn the call over to Keith and cover the results for the quarter.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Great. Thanks, Charles, and good afternoon to all. Well, let me start by saying the Equinix business
continues to hum. And once again, we met our expectations or better. We had a very solid quarter.
The macro environment for digital infrastructure continues to drive expanding market opportunities as
demonstrated by another outstanding bookings quarter, both at the gross and the net level, from our
industry-leading go-to-market engine. Our bookings backlog remains both significant and elevated as we
work to install the substantial volume of business closed through the past few quarters. And our forward-
looking pipeline is extremely healthy in all of our regions.

Our channel sales activity was the best in our history, and our global platform delivered healthy inter- and
intra-region activity. We had firm MRR per cabinet yields, with yet again net positive pricing actions, a
validation of a differentiated operating model compared to others in our space.

On a year-to-date basis, our global design and construction and ops teams have delivered more than
18,000 cabinets of retail capacity and 40 megawatts of xScale inventory, while also rolling out critical
network infrastructure assets across our targeted markets in support of our Fabric, Network Edge and
metal service offerings.

We've seen no major delays to date in delivering new capacity despite general market concerns related to
supply chain challenges, a reflection of the efforts put forth by our best-in-class procurement and strategic
sourcing teams.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Now let me cover the results for the quarter. Note that all growth rates in this section are on a normalized
and constant currency basis. As depicted on Slide 4, global Q3 revenues were $1.675 billion, up 8% over
the same quarter last year due to strong business performance across our platform, led by the Americas
region.

Nonrecurring revenues represented about 7% of revenues due to an increase in custom installation work
and EMEA xScale joint venture fees. For Q4, we expect NRR to trend downward, decreasing sequentially
by approximately $12 million due to lower xScale fees and the timing of large customer installations.

Q3 revenues, net of our FX hedges, included a $6 million headwind when compared to our prior guidance
rates. Global Q3 adjusted EBITDA was $786 million or 47% of revenues, at the high end of our guidance
expectations due to timing of spend and low integration costs. Q3 adjusted EBITDA, net of our FX hedges,
included a $3 million headwind when compared to our prior guidance rates and $3 million of integration
costs.

Total Q3 AFFO was $628 million, the result of strong operating performance, consistent with our
expectations. Similar to prior years, we expect seasonally higher levels of recurring CapEx in Q4 as our
operating teams work to complete the 2021 projects.

Global Q3 MRR churn was 2.1%. We continue to expect MRR churn for the full year to be at the lower end
of our target quarterly range of 2% to 2.5%.

Turning to our regional highlights, whose full results are covered on slides 5 through 7. APAC region's
revenue grew 11% year-over-year, followed by the Americas at 7% and EMEA at 6%. As previously
discussed, we expect the EMEA growth rate to return to normalized levels in Q4 as we lap interconnection
price increases and the other one-off positive adjustments from last year.

The Americas region saw continued strength with our third consecutive quarter of record bookings, with a
broad distribution across metros, including some of our smaller markets, such as Boston, Denver, Mexico
City, Seattle and Toronto. The Americas sales teams continue to sell the global platform, with a notable
increase in activity coming from our Canadian team, a benefit derived from the transaction with Bell
Canada, which is outperforming our expectations.

Our EMEA region had a solid quarter, with strength coming from our Amsterdam, Frankfurt and
Madrid markets as enterprise customers and the channel drive bookings. And as we aim to meet high
sustainability and efficiency standards while progressing towards our 2030 science-based targets,
newbuilds like our recently opened Frankfurt IBX serve as a model to blend in the cityscape, positively
contributing to the local micro climate.

And finally, the Asia Pacific region had a solid quarter, with momentum across all of our metros, led by
Singapore. New deal activity focused on small- to medium-sized deployments, with firm pricing and
continued strength in our cross-border selling. Our Hong Kong market saw a nice rebound in bookings
performance, although it continues to feel constrained given the market uncertainty.

And now looking at our capital structure, please refer to Slide 8. We ended the quarter with cash of about
$1.4 billion, and our net debt leverage ratio remains low, particularly relative to our industry peers. Our
balance sheet remains highly flexible and liquid, and we have a low AFFO cash payout ratio. With regards
to our outstanding debt, we have minimal near-term exposure to potentially rising interest rates, with
95% of our debt fixed and a weighted average maturity of over 9 years.

Turning to Slide 9 for the quarter. Capital expenditures were approximately $678 million, including
recurring CapEx of $48 million. We opened 11 new projects this quarter, including new IBXs in Frankfurt,
Osaka and Singapore, have purchased land for development in Barcelona, Frankfurt and Helsinki.

On the xScale side of the business, we opened our Sao Paulo 5 and Frankfurt 9 assets. We also closed the
first phase of our EMEA 2 Joint Venture with GIC for net cash proceeds after our 20% equity contribution
of approximately $140 million, including $34 million coming from the contribution of our Sao Paulo 5 asset
into the joint venture after quarter end.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

On a separate note, we continue to actively manage our partners and suppliers and have built up an
appropriate inventory of arching components as we hedge against supply chain challenges in support of
our business needs.

Finally, total recurring revenues from owned assets stepped up to 59% due to the acquisition of our
Sydney 1 and Sydney 2 IBXs.

Our capital investments delivered strong returns as shown on Slide 10. Our 153 stabilized assets increased
recurring revenue by 3% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. These stabilized assets are
collectively 86% utilized and generated 27% cash-on-cash return on the gross PP&E invested. We expect
to exit the year closer to the top end of our stabilized asset growth range, in part due to strong Americas
revenue growth.

Now please refer to slides 11 through 15 for our updated summary of 2021 guidance and bridges. Do
note, our guidance now includes the anticipated results from the GPX India acquisition, which closed in
September.

For the full year 2021, we expect revenues to grow approximately 8% on a normalized and constant
currency basis. Our updated revenue guidance implies our largest-ever quarterly step-up in recurring
revenues on a normalized basis, a reflection of our continued strong execution. Revenues include about $5
million from the GPX acquisition and reflect updated FX rates.

We expect 2021 adjusted EBITDA margin before integration costs to be greater than 47% and now include
about $3 million from the GPX acquisition and reflect updated FX rates. We expect to spend $18 million of
integration costs in 2021, and we expect 2021 AFFO to grow 10% to 11% on a normalized and constant
currency basis compared to the prior year and to deliver AFFO per share growth of 9% to 10%.

Our AFFO guidance includes some AFFO impacting accelerated spend, including recurring CapEx and
elevated cash commissions associated with our strong bookings performance. 2021 CapEx is expected to
range between $2.7 billion and $3 billion, including about $450 million of on-balance sheet xScale CapEx,
a significant portion of which has been or will be reimbursed by the JVs, and $193 million of recurring
CapEx spend at the midpoint.

So let me stop here and turn the call back to Charles.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Keith. Our business continues to perform exceptionally well, delivering strong and consistent
results throughout these changing times. The pandemic has been a driving force for digital transformation.
And as businesses seek to respond to this imperative, the infrastructure underpinning these services must
keep pace.

We continue to prosecute multiple compelling growth factors: expanding our platform geographically;
scaling our go-to-market engine to capture new customers; and bringing new services to bear that will
expand our addressable market. We are evolving the way we design, create and deliver our products and
services to fuel our growth and meet the changing needs of our customers.

To that end, I would also like to welcome Ron Guerrier to our Board of Directors. As a veteran CIO to
Fortune 500 corporations and government, Ron brings a unique perspective to the Equinix Board as we
continue to innovate our digital infrastructure offerings for the digital leaders of today and tomorrow.

I would like to close by expressing my gratitude to our more than 10,000 employees, whose commitment
to keep our customers at the center of everything we do continues to drive our market leadership. They
embody our commitment to show up every day with an in-service-to mindset, starting by being in service
to each other, which in turn allows us to be in service to our customers, to our communities and to you,
our shareholders.
So let me stop there and open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Aryeh Klein from BMO Capital Markets.

Aryeh Klein
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

It sounds like new customer net adds have been up a fair bit this year and the channel partnerships are
doing really well. Can you provide some additional color on what you're seeing there, maybe where are
you seeing the most traction for new customers and also in the channel from a regional standpoint?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Yes, we're -- I mean I think we're seeing strength across the board, but really, the enterprise
side of the business, I think, is where a lot of the new customer adds are coming from. And most of
those, about 60%, are coming through channel, as we talked about in the script. So we're seeing a big
uptick, as I said, more than 35% of the bookings coming through the channel. And I think it's been
really encouraging. We're really seeing strength with our top channel partners and really our top alliance
partners, in particular, who are really engaged in joint enterprise pursuit with us in terms of pursuing
hybrid multicloud opportunities and people implementing hybrid architectures.

And so, in fact, I'll give you a stat. We had our top 4 alliance partners in this quarter accounted for 10% of
the total bookings, and that's not 10% of the channel book, but that's 10% of the total bookings. So really
strong momentum with the channel partners.

And it's across a number of verticals and it's across a number of use cases, but real strength in terms
of how people are thinking about using corporate data to draw insights, how they therefore want to
store that data centrally, act on it from a variety of cloud resources and then also AI as a key driver. In
fact, we had a big win, a big joint win with NVIDIA on that front, as we talked about in the script. And
so really great progress there, and I think the range of use cases is really strong. We had, in fact, an
event today that we call Connect that was -- we had, I think, about 500 registrations for that event, for
enterprises talking about a variety of use cases implemented on Fabric. And so we're seeing some really
good momentum.

Aryeh Klein
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

And then just on churn, it's tracking well below where it's been historically. What's driving that? And how
sustainable do you think that is moving forward?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Again, I do think that that's a durable trend. I would always comment that there's some potential
lumpiness in churn at times. And so -- but I think if you look at the trend line on that, it's been -- the line
of best fit is clearly downward there, and so we've had a good year. And as we said, we expect our full
year churn to be toward the bottom end of the range that we talked about, 2 to 2.5.

And I think the big driver of that is really mix of business. We're getting the right kinds of deployments,
right kinds of customers, right kinds of use cases. And I think that's a lot of credit to our sales and
marketing team in terms of what they're doing from a targeting perspective and to our commercial teams
in terms of how we're really sort of focusing the business. So I do think it's durable, and I think that's
going to be -- continue to be a key driver in the business going forward.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Our next question comes from Jordan Sadler from KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

I wanted to touch base on some of the inflationary pressures that have been affecting folks. First, just
maybe you could talk about the impact if any rising power cost may have had in the quarter on your full
year guide. And maybe elaborate, if you could, your hedging protocol by region.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I'll start, and then Keith can jump in if he wants to add anything. But I would say this, other than
some small onetime items on the power side that had a slight impact on our Q4 guide, we're seeing power
costs pretty much come in where we expected for the remainder of the year and into early next year. I
think there's -- it's more going to be the longer-term volatility into 2022 that we're really looking at. But
as you said, similar to currency, we've got a pretty extensive hedging program, and that really feathers in
our hedges over a multiyear period.

And we're about 85% hedged in the unregulated markets, which represent most of our largest markets.
And so our contracts do allow for us to adjust pricing based on underlying costs, and we're actively
working to implement adjustments where we think that's appropriate.

But again, you guys, I think, recognize our business is different, in that we're more heavily circuit-based
on our power mix, so whereas it's a little more seamless to pass through those costs in the metered-
power environment, it takes a little more finesse to do that in the circuit-based power environment. But
I would say that we are -- as I said, we're actively working on that in terms of how to do it. And I would
say that our experience in Europe with the cross-connect pricing increases over the last couple of years
really give us some confidence that we'll be able to go get that done effectively. So no doubt there's more
volatility in the energy markets, so we're watching those closely, and we're going to continue to adapt our
strategies accordingly.

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Okay. And just, I guess, as a follow-up, what -- just one, what would -- the percent of the portfolio is sort
of circuit billing-oriented? And then when you factor in some of the ability to pass some of this through,
what's sort of the benefit that you've maybe layered in there in terms of top line?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

About 80% of the portfolio is circuit-based. And again, that's been key to our -- that's part of our overall
return story. We've been very effective in terms of driving sort of aggregate returns across space and
power because of that circuit-based power component of the business. And so -- and in terms of -- it's
really more a matter of how effective can we be in terms of passing through price increases or underlying
cost increases in the form of price to the circuit-based power environment. And so again, we have a
contractual ability to do that, and it's just a matter of whether we can do it.

I do think it won't be like circuit power, where we're going to get every bit of that back, so -- but I think
that we'll look at that market by market and assess what the right approach is.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jon Atkin from RBC Capital Markets.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I was interested in xScale and if you can maybe highlight any major differences with PGI and compared to
GIC and then more broadly, as we sort of think about 2022 growth drivers for revenues, margins, CapEx

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

as well as AFFO, perhaps coming from xScale. But anything to kind of keep in mind, I know you're not
going to give guidance on this call, but from a qualitative perspective, tailwinds and headwinds to kind of
keep in mind for next year.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Jon, why don't I take the first one, and then I think Charles might take the second one. As it relates
to sort of the deal structuring between PGIM and GIC, it's very similar in many ways. The construct was
developed off of a contracting structure with the GIC when we worked with PGIM. Again, delighted to have
another partner in a different market and in support of our Australian business.

As it relates to sort of our ability to the performance this quarter, again, as you've heard from some of our
prior calls, we've basically sold out most of the capacity that we've delivered to market, and so we're very
eager to continue our builds. We have 8 builds currently underway in xScale, and the team is working very
hard to identify customer -- appropriate customers for that capacity, plus more. And so I would just leave
you with it's an exciting time for us in the xScale space. We're putting the money to work. And as Charles
alluded to in his prepared remarks, $7.5 billion of capital is going to be deployed across 34 assets, and we
still have more to talk about.

So why don't I leave it there and just recognize that xScale in and of itself right now is not a big
component of our revenues and our AFFO, but it does create some of the lumpiness that you've seen in
the nonrecurring line, which we highlighted in our prepared remarks. Q4, we just don't expect as much of
that nonrecurring revenue as we've seen before. But certainly, as we look into '22 and beyond, we'll start
to see that step up again from a nonrecurring perspective, and then you'll also see more of the recurring
fees come into play for xScale.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And Jon, on the other one, I would say, one, look, I haven't been -- I'm as optimistic as I've ever
been, I guess, on the business, how it's performing, what the magnitude of the opportunity ahead is. A
little bit of noise in the quarter here, but I think that we had a -- we continue -- the business continues
to perform. The fundamentals are very strong: 8,000 interconnection adds in the quarter; 3,000 billable
cab adds; record bookings really for the past 3 quarters, at least seasonally adjusted in terms of -- this
was our best Q3 ever this quarter; great degree of predictability churn, as I said, at the low end; firm
pricing, we had another quarter of positive pricing adjustments that Keith talked about in the script; and
we continue to see good momentum on our new markets.

If you look at big markets that we're a relatively earlier entrant in, in terms of, think of places like Mexico
and now India, huge opportunities in front of us there to overindex in growth on those -- in those markets.
And then digital services is really -- our customers are responding really well to those products, even
though they're at an earlier stage of growth.

So I think as I look into 2022 in terms of headwinds, tailwinds, et cetera, we feel really good about
the bookings momentum. We feel really good about the pricing and our relevance to customers and
therefore our ability to support firm price points. Churn looks good. Good deal mix is going to continue
to be absolutely key to maintaining that. As I said, I think the headwinds, more on making sure that we
continue to -- we talked a little bit about power as a potential headwind there in some areas. We talked
about, I think, continuing to drive operational efficiencies in the business. It's going to be a key focus for
us to drive operating leverage.

And then continuing to work the backlog. I think we've got a big backlog, partially because we've got
some big deals that have gone into that. We've got to continue to work them through that backlog.
Certain deal types to have slightly longer book-to-bill, and I think we're seeing that as part of the
complexity of implementing these more multi-vendor, hybrid multicloud kind of deals. And so we're
continuing to sort of hone our capabilities there. So if we can continue to drive those things, I think we'll

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

be able to really take advantage of the bookings momentum that's there. And obviously, we'll give you a
color on all of that as we go into the 2022 guidance.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

And then if I could throw one in on M&A, whether it's networking-related or software consolidation within
the bare metal space, but anything kind of noncore to the classic data center business from an M&A tuck-
in perspective? To what degree do you regularly look at those sorts of opportunities? And is there anything
that you feel would sort of augment the platform from that perspective?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Great question, Jon. I would say that we are continuing to learn in that area, and we're accelerating
our kind of investment of energy into understanding that landscape. And at the same time, we're still
digesting and learning some of the business around digital services and how to adapt our approach and
build capabilities both from -- evolve capabilities both from a design and development perspective as well
as from a deployment and go-to-market perspective. And so we're continuing to hone our -- cut our teeth
there and really learn those things in that market.

But I do think there are real opportunities there, and so we'll be -- continue to be active in that area in
terms of looking at potential opportunities, both to add talent and technology and capabilities, and really
learning that landscape better over the course of this year -- this next year and beyond.

Operator

Our next question comes from Phil Cusick from JPMorgan.

Yong Choe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is Richard for Phil. I just wanted to ask about the strength in the Americas. It went from kind of a
modest growth, to now it seems like a very strong growth environment. What are you seeing there? And
how long can the bookings continue?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Hey, Richard. Well, I hope that party continues for a while. I would tell you, I think we feel pretty good
about that business. Again, we sort of -- we spent more quarters than I would like talking about when the
Verizon churn was going to abate, and so I'm loving talking about the other side of that now. We're really
at the scale of that business, tremendous sales execution in the region both for bookings into the region
as well as global bookings to the platform elsewhere.

So I would say we feel really good about the performance of the Americas region right now and expect
that, that growth rate is going to continue to persist at elevated levels. And so we feel good about that.
In fact, I think driving attach rates now to continue to increase share of wallet with our very, very large
customer base and bringing them some of our new services is some of the new area of focus and really
leveraging our channel partners to do that. So anything to add there, Keith?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

The other thing I will just add and say, Charles and Richard, remember, this region is 75% utilized. So
we have a substantial amount of capacity that we have built and we continue to build in core markets.
And the other thing I would add, just as Charles alluded to, not only the focus that we have on the right
customers, but our sales leadership team in the Americas and beyond are doing such a great job of selling
the platform. And so the opportunity that we said, that we talk about between inter-region and intra-
region, is very real. So overall, very optimistic about what we're seeing in the Americas region.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Yong Choe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And as a quick follow-up, churn used to be an issue in the Americas. Are you seeing that lower now? Or
has that not changed as much?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Well, I mean, I think it was -- I mean, I guess you would have to -- obviously, you've been in the story
for a long time, Richard, so it's been -- but I think there was a period of time when we had elevated churn
associated with really honing our customer mix and our core competitive advantages and making sure that
we were focused on those. I would say that was back in the early days. I was here in the 2011, '12 time
frame, when we really set about honing our sales process and driving greater deal commercial scrutiny, et
cetera.

And I think that -- so we had a little bit of elevated churn as we worked through that process. And then we
had a little bit during the period of time when we kind of digested some of the Verizon assets. We talked
about the fact that over a few -- several quarters ago, where we had deals that candidly just were outside
of the traditional sweet spot that we would be focused on, and I think it's the right long-term value-
creating decision for us to let those kind of things go and use that space and that capacity for advancing
the strategy that we're really focused on.

And so now you're seeing that. And as I've always said, the most -- the best way to avoid losing a deal is
get the right deal in the door to begin with. And so that's where our focus is. I think our sales teams are
really doing an exceptional job of that. Our new sales leader, Arquelle Shaw, in the U.S. is just a dynamite
sales leader, doing an incredible job and has got a great leadership team across the board there. And so --
and I got to give some credit to Jon Lin too, our President of the Americas. Just a great team really driving
that thing.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Guarino from Green Street.

David Anthony Guarino
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Charles, can you elaborate on your comments about pricing being firm? What exactly does firm mean and
maybe specifically, if that's renewals or new leases? And then also, maybe just helpful if you could put
some data behind it on the MRR per cabinet in the U.S. Could you tell us what that was, excluding the
large footprint deployments this quarter?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Yes. I mean when we say firm pricing, one of the big things we've talked about is when we had net
positive pricing actions in the quarter, so we essentially take the -- what we're getting in terms of uplifts
on our pricing, our accelerators, if you will, or increased -- price increases that are contractually built in.
We offset that against any potential downward movement that might occur in a release.

Our business tends to move in a little bit of a sawtooth, in that it's -- we'll see these price escalators over
a kind of a 3- to 5-year contract. We'll get a renewal that might have some re-rates, and then we'll kind of
go through that cycle again. But in any given quarter, we're seeing those positive pricing -- overall positive
pricing adjustments. And that's just, I think, a reflection of our ability to sustain those higher price points.

As you can see, in the Americas, actually, in all of the -- we've been sort of moving MRR per cab up into
the right for a long period of time. We've seen some really strong movement in EMEA over the last couple
of years because of the interconnection price increasing. I think we were slightly down in the U.S. on a
constant currency basis, but that can go up and depend on the timing of installs and those kind of things.
And so, I mean, 23.93 per cab is just an exceptional number. And so I think if you look at that relative to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

the rest of the industry, I think you would find it to be sort of, far and away, the best kind of yield in the
industry.

And so -- and in terms of normalizing that for a large footprint, we really aren't doing any really large
footprint in the U.S. We occasionally will do an anchor deal in a facility, but we're not really active in the
hyperscale or xScale kind of space in the U.S., and we've kind of talked about why that is in the past. And
if you look at the -- even in the other markets, we're doing that now almost strictly through the xScale
business and through the joint venture, and so that's not rolling into the results that you see here. That
really only rolls into our sort of core financials in the form of fees and other things that we think are quite
accretive to the overall financial picture. So that's kind of the picture on pricing.

Pricing, I think, on xScale continues to be competitive, certainly, which is why returns in that business are
a little lower, but that's also why we decided to go do this through joint ventures, where 80% that capital
is through a financial partner.

David Anthony Guarino
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then maybe just one clarification too on the stabilized revenue growth at the low end, that 3%
to 5% range. I know Keith said it's going to step up again next quarter. But was the drag this quarter just
due to timing of commencement on leases?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Could you repeat it? It's a drag in the timing of what?

David Anthony Guarino
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Of commencements on leases? Whether just certain leases got pushed in the next quarter? I guess if
we're going to get to the high end of the guidance rate, I would assume you have a pretty big step-up in
your revenue growth. So I was wondering if it was something driving it or just the leases got pushed into
Q4 in terms of when you'll start realizing revenue.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Well, first and foremost, as Charles alluded to, in the end, we had just an outstanding quarter, again, from
a bookings perspective and more particularly in the Americas region. And as we just sort of talked about,
the Americas enjoy the highest pricing environment. So there's a number of things that are going on. Part
of it is, sure, timing, but it is also the conversion of our backlog into a billable cabinet that will make a big
difference here.

And so there's nothing that, I would say, is overly extraordinary other than we're just seeing overall
momentum in the business continue to scale. Churn starting -- has abated -- or is abating, and then
you've got a good price point with the inventory that's waiting to be booked and -- sorry, not booked, go
from backlog into a billing item.

Operator

Our next question comes from Simon Flannery from Morgan Stanley.

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just coming back to the inflation and supply chain commentary. Could you talk a little bit about what
you're seeing on the construction and the development side of things, availability of labor, raw materials?
What's going on in the various markets around the world, both in terms of costs and your ability to pass
that along as well as any impacts on time lines for development? And then you've been very active on the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

xScale. But in terms of other M&A, how are you thinking about the landscape out there? Or is this going to
be more focused on sort of small tuck-ins from here?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So I would start by saying that, generally, I think our team has done just an exceptional job
navigating the current realities as it relates to supply chain around the world. Our bottom line message
has been and continues to be that we really aren't seeing any meaningful negative impacts to our
business. But that doesn't just magically happen. It happens by our team doing really great work to go
and make sure that we are mitigating the risks that are out there.

The way I talk, we talk about it internally, is really 4 kind of levels to the supply chain potential risks.
The first one is really facility level, or in other words, are those constraints out there impacting our ability
to deliver projects on time and on budget. And while we've seen some modest level of delays on a few
projects, those are typically actually more associated with COVID delays than they are supply chains,
candidly.

And in case you noted in the script, we've actually taken on some inventory or contractual forward
commits to the tune of about $100 million that is giving us the confidence to be able to make sure that we
can deliver our projects on time. That, combined with the fact that we've got a huge number of projects
underway, and they're all over the world and we can move stuff around, typically, it's fungible between
sort of projects, and so the team, the construction team, the procurement team, the sourcing team have
just done a phenomenal job in terms of mitigating that in terms of IBX availability and the delivery time
lines.

The next level on it is really at the services level. In other words, are our underlying services, particularly
our network-related services like Fabric, Connect, et cetera, and metal, are we -- do we have the capacity
to support the forecast there? And what we've done there is we've just forward-purchased several
quarters of capacity to give us the confidence that we can support that, and so feeling good about that as
well.

The third level is really deployment level, in other words, cage materials and other things that are needed
as people build out their cages. And we've also stockpiled there. Occasionally, there are circumstances
where people have nonstandard items that cause delays. But if they're sticking within the sort of the
middle-of-the-bell curve in terms of what their needs are, we're not seeing any delays there.

And then customer level delays is sort of the last level of it, which is our customers delayed in terms of
getting their IT equipment to load into the deployments. And if not, are they delaying or asking for delays
for commencement and those kind of things. And again, while we've seen a few of those things, they're
just in the grand scheme -- scope of things and in the scale of our business are just not particularly
meaningful.

So there's some -- there's probably a little bit of pressure on costs in some areas. We've been able to take
advantage of our scale, I think, to mitigate that. We're continuing to -- people often ask the question as to
whether cost-to-build is inflationary or not. I would tell you that I think we're -- we've been able to keep
up with it from a design standpoint and continuing to optimize our designs faster than costs are going
up. So we're trying to keep ahead of the game there. But I think our team has done a really terrific job of
managing those things, and I do think that we're -- we expect that things will start to stabilize over the
course of 2022 from a supply chain perspective. So long answer there, but hopefully, that gives you some
perspective.

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And great color. And the M&A?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

M&A-wise -- yes, sorry. From an M&A perspective, I would say, we are -- we continue to think there's
opportunity out there. I mean we talked -- I think Jon asked a question about M&A in the -- in sort of
the digital services side of the business. But there's also, we think, continued opportunity in terms of
extending our reach and looking for critical assets in the market that might be accretive to our strategy.
And so -- and we've got the balance sheet and the firepower to go after those kinds of things, and so
we'll continue to be active as appropriate there, always with a high degree of scrutiny on getting the right
deals.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Rollins from Citi.

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Curious for 2 questions. The first one is, when you look at what's happening on the network side for
network customers, are you seeing an increasing amount of telecom and wireless companies place
their core network infrastructure in your facilities rather than having their own mobile switching offices
that they might have had in kind of the more legacy years of the telecom landscape? And what kind of
opportunity that is for you as you look at wireless and 5G trying to take more services to the edge?

And then the second question is what do you make of the tower companies investing in data center
assets? And do you believe that your data center business as well as power portfolios are destined to be
partners or maybe someday fall under the same ownership structure as you look out into the future?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Great questions, Mike. For sure. The -- I would say on the network side, I would say it's a mixed bag.
And I think that there is a movement towards people viewing third-party facilities, particularly facilities
like Equinix, where there's large degrees of aggregation as logical places to put portions of their core
infrastructure. That said, I think these companies are also -- have a long history of building on in their
own facilities, and I think that is -- there are still a lot of forces within those companies that want that to
continue.

And so I think we've been very active on the business development front. And we have seen some success
there and in terms of how they might think about putting certain portions of their core 5G infrastructure,
for example, into our facilities. And we have the Dallas proof-of-concept center there that we've been
actively working with both equipment providers as well as service providers on sort of proving out some of
those potential value propositions.

So I think we're still -- that will happen over a long course. I do think we're more successful with people
who are coming into those markets as disruptors because they think differently about it. And so -- and I
do think there are some pretty interesting opportunities there, and we're working with a few. I want to say
the names right now, but I'm not sure that they are publicly -- that I can, so I won't. And -- but there's
some interesting things going on there.

As to the tower side, we've been -- we believe there is some synergy between sort of companies that have
broad-based real estate assets that are sort of proximate to communications infrastructure, which is sort
of the definition of tower companies. And I can see why and understand why they may have an interest in
data center assets and how they fit in potentially to their portfolio.

But I would tell you that, for the most part, we see a strong demand for traffic at the edge there to a very
significant majority of that traffic to go back to the aggregated edge. And that's really our sweet spot.
That's where our differentiation is. Definitely, there are use cases that -- where mobile edge compute, out
further, things like shop floor automation and those kind of things. I think they are really use cases that
5G is going to be able to accelerate. And we're certainly keeping our eyes on that and being active in there
from a business development standpoint.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

But I do think that -- I think it's more likely that we would partner in some way with those folks over
time. It's not necessarily obvious to me that those have to live under same ownership structure. So --
but I think we'll just have to continue to see how the markets play out. Keith, I don't know if you have a
different view on that.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

No. Right. Well said.

Operator

Our next question comes from Erik Rasmussen from Stifel.

Erik Peter Rasmussen
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Further questions. So getting back to xScale, you obviously made a lot of progress in Europe and APAC
thus far and recently announcing another JV partner in Australia. But I guess, circling back, at what
point does the Americas become more interesting as you look to expand xScale? Are you seeing any
characteristics that are starting to get more exciting about this market than what you're seeing elsewhere
or sort of recent in the same sort of scenario?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Well, I think when people stop cutting each other's throats on pricing, it will be a little more interesting.
But it's -- there's -- It's not -- I mean it's still a very competitive market, I think. And so I think that's
different in terms of -- if you look at the broad Americas because I think there's opportunities in LATAM
for us. Obviously, we've already announced projects in Brazil. I think we bring some very distinctive
advantages there.

I do think there's a ton of demand. And as we've always said, we're not going to say we're religiously
out of the business of doing that, but I think it would have to be under a special set of circumstances in
terms of why we think that fits with the strategy because we're -- the strategy, as you'll recall, is that we
wanted to use those as opportunities to further our position in the cloud ecosystem, continue to invest in
the relationship with the major cloud service providers and sort of broader set of hyperscalers and use
that to create this advantage and overall position in the cloud ecosystem.

We feel very good about our position, particularly in the U.S. And whether or not the xScale would be
particularly accretive to that, I think, is an open question. So -- but we're not -- we're definitely not --
it's not out of the question that we would do that. I just think it's -- I think, right now, there are a lot of
opportunities for us in other markets that we think are more attractive.

Erik Peter Rasmussen
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And maybe just my follow-up. The Americas was strong once again this quarter. Would you
characterize that most of the strength is coming maybe from Bell Canada? Or is it other factors that you
can comment on as it relates to the strength in that region?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Well, there was a reference in the prepared remarks, just to talk about the Canadian business, is better
than our -- it's doing better than we originally anticipated. And good on the team, that they're also selling
the global platform out of Canada into our other assets around the world.

As it specifically relates to the Americas business, I think it's -- it goes back to some of the fundamentals
that Charles alluded to. We're targeting the right customers with the right applications and putting them in
the right places. And at the same -- by the same token, we've got an inventory set that really caters to a

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

diverse set of customers across the U.S. or the Americas as a whole. And so between the assets we serve,
the customers we target and the delivery of services that are additive to colocation and interconnection, I
just think we're in a much better space or position. And as a result, we're going to win more than our fair
share of the businesses out there.

Operator

Our next question comes from Colby Synesael from Cowen.

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Charles, in response to Jonathan Atkin's question regarding your outlook on 2022, my take from your
response was the top line looks fine, but your concern is around margins, whether it's operational
efficiencies or in particular, power costs. And as it relates to the question around power costs, I feel you
may have created more questions than answers so far on this call. And I would love to get a little bit more
detail. Specifically, you guys, I think, had talked about it at your Analyst Day in June, seeing margins go
up just modestly in 2022. I'm curious if you still think that that's possible.

Secondly, you mentioned that you hedge in unregulated markets, around 85%. How far out are those
hedges? Because it seems like you're suggesting that you're okay with power costs going into 2022, but
not necessarily for the full year.

And then as it relates to the potential impact of power, do you think at the end of the day, this could be a
25 basis point impact, 50 basis point impact, hundreds of basis point impact? Just anything that gives us a
better sense because my concern personally is that we could now be in a situation where margins go down
in 2022.

And then just lastly, as it relates to AFFO, it looks like AFFO guidance implies a pretty meaningful step-
down in the fourth quarter. Is that just the maintenance CapEx component that you talked about, Keith?
Or is there something else there? And what's the better jump-off point as we look to go into 2022? Is it
the third quarter? Or is it the fourth quarter?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Good couple of questions, Colby. And I'm not sure we'll be able to give you all the answers there, but
I would say -- and obviously, we're not going to kind of give you a 2022 guide. But I would say that your
-- generally, I would say, we continue to feel good about the momentum in the business from a bookings
and a demand perspective. I think that we did talk about driving efficiencies, and I think the pursuit of the
50% margin target is something we continue to be focused on, and that's an area where we continue to
have work to do. Exactly at what pace we can do that and what that implies for the 2022 margin, I don't
know. And I do think it will require us to dig in deeper on power.

And I don't think we're yet in a position where we can quantify any of that for you other than in terms
of the hedging that we -- I mean, they are multiyear hedges, but they're feathered in and so obviously
do become less impactful as you look further out. And so I do think that there's more risk as you go out.
But I think the good part of that is that it gives us time to determine what our approach is going to be
to passing those costs through and assessing how to do that and to what degree that is -- how much
recovery we can see there.

And we don't know the answers to all those things, and so I think we're going to track those. We're going
to look at the markets where there's volatility. And I think that's something where, unfortunately, I think,
we'll just have to come back to you when we look into the -- as we look into the 2022 guide and give you
more perspective on that.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

And so, Colby, I just wanted to go back to, again, a couple of the other questions. So there's 2 things
that I thought I heard you ask. Number one is what's happening quarter-over-quarter, what's going on in
Q4. And there was a reference that we made in that we accelerated some costs into this year. So that's
number one, both from a recurring CapEx perspective and some operating spend. And we did that for a
number of reasons, and part of it is supply chain-specific.

The other part, as we alluded to in the prepared remarks, when you look at AFFO in and of itself, Q4 is
historically one of our lower-performing AFFO quarters. That's why we don't guide on a quarterly basis. We
give you the annual number and say this is what we will do, and we recognize things will move around.
But the reality is Q4 always tends to be a higher recurring CapEx quarter, and that's what you're seeing in
the guide, that we've delivered at $193 million at midpoint. So it gives you a real sense of the big step-up
in our recurring CapEx for Q4.

The other thing, as we've said, that we've had a lot of success in the business. And as a result, the cash
payout attributed to commissions is more substantial than we originally anticipated in Q4, and that's
reflected in the guide. And that's AFFO impacting, not EBITDA impacting. And so there's a lot of nuances.

But overall, when you look at the fundamental business, it's performed better than we anticipated for
every single quarter of the year. We're delivering against the expectations we have set. And as you -- I
think you know well that we've raised our guide both on revenue, EBITDA and AFFO throughout the year,
and we're at a point now where we feel comfortable and now we're focusing on 2022. And that's where
the energy of the business is again focused on.

Operator

And our final question comes from Frank Louthan from Raymond James.

Frank Garrett Louthan
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

[Audio Gap]

about the bounce in the Americas has been a tougher market last year. What sort of changed there? And
how long do you think you can continue to see some better results out of those markets?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Hey, Frank. Yes, as I said earlier, I think that, that business has a strong trajectory. I think we expect
that to continue. We don't see this as a temporary improvement. I think we're, as a business, moving in
a very solid direction, strong demand from customers, good sales execution. And again, we don't expect
that. And again, churn mitigating, getting the right customers, right deals, and I think that will continue
to drive strong performance from that region, so which obviously is a pretty major driver of our overall
performance.

Frank Garrett Louthan
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Can we expect this to be a little of a new baseline and kind of continue to grow from here? Or how should
we think about the current trend?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean I think as to whether it really accelerates, I think that we have to continue to look at our
success in driving new services revenues and what's the rate of new customer capture and attaches and
those kind of things. But again, I think we feel really good about where the business is right now and feel
like that's a sustainable growth rate for us.

Katrina Rymill
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

That concludes our Q3 call. Thank you for joining us.

Operator
Thank you all for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect your line, and enjoy the rest of
your day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

EQUINIX, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

