Equinix, Inc. (REIT) NasdaqGS:EQIX
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 28, 2021 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.84

0.76

(58.70 %)

1.86

7.24

8.83

Revenue  (mm)

1639.93

1657.92

1.10

1668.04

6616.15

7204.21

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-28-2021 9:57 PM GMT

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.71

1.50

1.74

1.84

0.74

0.57

1.74

0.76

SURPRISE

(56.73 %)

(62.00 %)

0.00 %

(58.70 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Katrina Rymill
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Aryeh Klein
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Brendan James Lynch
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Timothy Kelly Horan
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

David Anthony Guarino
Green Street Advisors, LLC,
Research Division

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon. Welcome to the Equinix Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time.

I'd now like to turn the call over to Katrina Rymill, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability.
You may begin.

Katrina Rymill
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, and welcome to today's conference call. Before we get started, I'd like to remind
everyone that some of the statements we'll be making today are forward-looking in nature and involve
risks and uncertainties. Actual results may vary significantly from those statements and may be affected
by the risks we identified in today's press release and those identified in our filings with the SEC, including
our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2021, and 10-Q filed on April 30, 2021. Equinix assumes
no obligation and does not intend to update or comment on forward-looking statements made on this
call. In addition, in light of Regulation Fair Disclosure, it is Equinix' policy not to comment on its financial
guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure.

In addition, we will provide non-GAAP measures on today's conference call. We provide a reconciliation
of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a list of the reasons why the
company uses these measures in today's press release on Equinix' IR page at www.equinix.com. We have
made available on the IR page of our website a presentation designed to accompany this discussion, along
with certain supplemental financial information and other data. We'd also like to remind you that we post
important information about Equinix in the IR page from time to time and encourage you to check our
website regularly for the most current available information.

With us today are Charles Meyers, Equinix' CEO and President; and Keith Taylor, Chief Financial Officer.
Following our prepared remarks, we'll be taking questions from sell-side analysts. [Operator Instructions]

At this time, I'll turn the call over to Charles.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Kat. Good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. As reflected
on our results, we are seeing significant momentum in our business as digital transformation outpaces
previous expectations. Technology spend is accelerating, and Equinix remains uniquely positioned as
traditional technology markets continue to shift to as-a-service consumption models and hybrid multicloud
is widely adopted as the architecture of choice.

The pandemic has highlighted that digital infrastructure is not just a business enabler, but a primary
source of competitive advantage for digital leaders across all industries, and we continue to see a
multitude of trends driving infrastructure that is more distributed, more on-demand and more ecosystem
connected than ever before, playing to our distinctive strengths. Our results reflect strong performance
across our geographies, tremendous momentum in our market-leading interconnection franchise and deep
customer demand across our expanding portfolio of services.

Against this robust demand backdrop, we had a great second quarter, delivering record bookings fueled
by continued momentum in our Americas business and a strong quarter from Equinix Metal. We processed
more than 4,600 deals in the quarter across more than 3,200 customers, demonstrating both the scale
and the consistency of our go-to-market machine. We achieved our 74th consecutive quarter of top line
growth and are pleased to have been recently been included in the Fortune 500, an exciting milestone
made possible by the confidence our customers place in Equinix and by the incredible commitment and
passion of our 10,000-plus employees around the world.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

And we continue to expand our global platform with 35 projects underway across 25 markets in 19
countries, with Q2 openings in Bordeaux, Helsinki and Silicon Valley. Aligned with our values and our
purpose, we're also proud to share further enhancements to our old commitments on sustainability,
leaning in across all elements of ESG.

In early June, we became the first in the data center industry to commit to being climate neutral by 2030,
backed by science-based targets, an aggressive green financing plan and a comprehensive sustainability
agenda. Aligned with the current climate agreement, this commitment is a critical step to ensuring Equinix
continues to advance investments and innovations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and greening our
customers' digital supply chains.

Additionally, as part of our ongoing focus on diversity, inclusion and belonging and our commitment to
well-being, we recently hosted our Second Annual WeConnect event, a 24-hour virtual gathering led by
our employee connection networks and our DIB and well-being teams. This event celebrates equality,
diversity and connection and offers our employees an opportunity to listen, to learn and to engage in
courageous conversations as we build a culture and a community that can have a meaningful, sustainable
impact on the future of our world.

Turning to our results, as depicted on Slide 3, revenues for Q2 were $1.7 billion, up 8% year-over-year.
Adjusted EBITDA was up 7% year-over-year, and AFFO was again meaningfully ahead of our expectations.
Interconnection revenues grew 12% year-over-year with solid unit adds and healthy pricing. These growth
rates are all on a normalized and constant currency basis. Our global interconnection franchise continues
to perform well. We now have over 406,000 total interconnections on our industry-leading platform. In
Q2, we added an incremental 7,800 interconnections and now have 15 metros with more than 10,000
total interconnections, a reflection of the scaled digital ecosystems that drive our differentiated value
proposition.

Internet exchange saw peak traffic up 4% quarter-over-quarter and 31% year-over-year. And we're seeing
IX diversify as large-scale peering expands to a broader base of enterprise customers. Equinix Fabric saw
excellent growth across all 3 regions, driven by healthy unit growth and increasing yields as customers
expand usage of higher bandwidth connections to interconnect regional and global footprints. More than
2,600 customers are now on Fabric, and we continue to see strong attach rates as businesses diversify
their end destinations and evolve their connectivity needs in support of highly-distributed infrastructure
and the adoption of hybrid multicloud.

Turning to digital infrastructure services, customers are responding very positively as we augment
our portfolio to enable physical infrastructure delivered at software speed. We had strong bookings
with Equinix Metal this quarter, including our largest win to date with our channel partner, Avant, for a
blockchain company, building a network of validation nodes across 8 markets.

Our network edge offering showed meaningful acceleration with average deal size increasing nicely as
enterprise customers are deploying a diverse set of virtualized network functions from our marketplace
vendors. Importantly, and as expected, digital infrastructure services are also driving strong cross-selling
activity and interconnection pull-through with nearly 1,000 vertical connections already provisioned to
support these deployments.

Shifting to our xScale initiative. We continue to expand our plans in light of robust market demand and
positive customer feedback. Late in the quarter, we announced agreements for additional joint ventures
with GIC, Singapore sovereign well fund. When closed and fully built out, the total investment between
Equinix and GIC in our xScale data center portfolio, we will be nearly $7 billion across 32 facilities globally,
with more than 600 megawatts of power capacity.

We currently have 7 xScale builds under development across all 3 regions, and we pre-leased our entire
Frankfurt 9 asset in Q2, representing 18 megawatts of capacity fully committed in advance of delivery.
With this deal, we have -- now have -- have now leased more than 100 megawatts of xScale capacity and
100% of our open capacity at least. We are actively engaged with partners to develop entry plans and
other expansion markets globally, including Australia.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Now let me cover highlights from our verticals. Our network vertical delivered strong bookings across
all 3 regions, with particular strength in APAC as traditional carriers continue to invest and specialty
telecom firms evolve their portfolios to address demand for cloud, mobile, IP services and over-the-top
delivery. New wins and expansions this quarter, including McKay Brothers, a local telecom service provider,
leveraging interconnection to better serve low latency financial customers. Crosslake Fibre, a leading
provider of network services deploying in our London 4 and Paris 7 IBXs to support the first new subsea
cable laid across the U.S. channel in nearly 20 years and a global telecommunications provider expanding
their presence to new locations, including Milan and Bordeaux.

Our cloud and IT vertical saw continued momentum over indexing Europe as organizations accelerate
hybrid multicloud adoption. Expansions this quarter included Zoom, a leading video communications
platform, expanding coverage and scale to support market demand and a cloud-delivered enterprise
network security provider deploying infrastructure to support offerings in new locations. Our enterprise
vertical achieved record bookings, with broad global strength punctuated by an exceptionally strong
quarter in the Americas across several subsegments, including health care, consumer services, business
and professional services and retail.

New wins and expansions included Red Bull, a major sports energy drink manufacturer, deploying
infrastructure across all 3 regions to take advantage of Equinix' cloud ecosystem; a leading global
cosmetics retailer deploying digital infrastructure to optimize their network, move out of legacy data
centers and locate private infrastructure adjacent to their cloud providers; and a Fortune 500 global
insurance provider optimizing their infrastructure to support multicloud. Content and digital media
also achieved solid bookings led by growth in CDM, publishing and digital media and gaming, as digital
transformation continues to shape this vertical. Expansions included StackPath, a leading edge computing
and services provider, deploying infrastructure across multiple edge locations; Earnest Research, a leading
data analytics company, transforming network topology and interconnecting to multiple cloud across
Platform Equinix; and i3D.net, a leading provider of application hosting and infrastructure services,
deploying on Platform Equinix to enable a consistent high-performance gaming experience globally.

And our channel program continues to outperform, delivering a record quarter and accounting for over
35% of bookings. Wins were across a wide range of industry verticals and use cases including multiple
Equinix Metal and edge deals as the channel embraces our digital infrastructure services. We saw
continued strength from alliance partners like AWS, Cisco, Dell, Google, IBM and Microsoft. And we also
had success with key resellers around the world, including a win with HPE for Woolworths Group, a leading
Australian retailer, to modernize and scale their payments platform, which processes over 30 million
transactions per day.

So now let me turn the call over to Keith to cover the results for the quarter.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Charles, and good afternoon to everyone. I hope you and your families are well and enjoying the
summer months. So let me start by saying it was great to spend time with many of you, albeit virtually at
our June Analyst Day. No surprise, we were eager to share our plans on how we intend to scale, extend
and innovate the business over the coming years to drive long-term shareholder value, meaning more
revenues, higher margins and more cash flows.

With respect to the quarter, the business continues to perform exceedingly well, as the macro environment
for digital infrastructure continues to drive favorable demand. In fact, we exceeded our expectations.
There are many highlights to share with you through the quarter. To start, we had record bookings activity
at both the company and the Americas regional level. We enjoyed robust channel activity and lower-
than-planned churn. Interconnection additions were solid, both physically and virtually, and our digital
infrastructure service lines, which include edge and metal, are gaining momentum. Simply put, we're
continuing to execute against the goals highlighted at the Analyst Day. And given our performance, we're
raising our guidance across each of revenues, adjusted EBITDA, AFFO and AFFO per share for the year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Now let me cover the results for the quarter. Note that all growth rates in this section are on a normalized
and constant currency basis. As depicted on Slide 4, global Q2 revenues were $1.658 billion, up 8% over
the same quarter last year due to strong business performance across our platform, led by the Americas
region. And as expected, nonrecurring revenues increased quarter-over-quarter to 7% of revenues due to
a meaningful step-up in xScale joint venture fees in APAC and EMEA and custom installation work across
all 3 regions. As you can appreciate, nonrecurring revenues are inherently lumpy and therefore, as a
result, we expect our Q3 nonrecurring revenues to decrease by $8 million compared to Q2.

Our backlog of "booked but yet to be built" cabinets has increased slightly, despite the 4,200 increase in
billing cabinets in the quarter. Q2 revenues, net of our FX hedges, included an $11 million benefit when
compared to our prior guidance rates.

Global Q2 adjusted EBITDA was $797 million or 48% of revenues, up 7% over the same quarter last
year, meaningfully outperforming our expectations due to strong operating performance and the timing
of spend. Q2 included a planned rebound in repairs and maintenance spending and higher utility costs
relative to Q1. Q2 adjusted EBITDA, net of our FX hedges, includes a $6 million FX benefit when compared
to our prior guidance rates and $4 million of integration costs. Total Q2 AFFO was $632 million, including a
$25 million recurring CapEx increase compared to the prior quarter, above our expectations due to strong
operating performance and lower integration costs.

Turning to our regional highlights, whose full results are covered on Slides 5 through 7. APAC had the
highest year-over-year revenue growth of 11%, owned by the Americas and EMEA regions, both at 8%.
The EMEA revenue growth rate reflects the lapping of the significant interconnection price increases and
other one-off positive adjustments from last year. We expect the EMEA growth rate to return to normalized
levels in Q4. The Americas region saw continued strength with our second consecutive quarter of record
bookings, as 6 of our 7 largest markets improved over the prior year. Also, we're enjoying healthy booking
activity across our smaller markets, too, including Atlanta, Boston, Denver and Seattle. Deals were
focused on retail interconnected deployments with healthy pricing. And the Americas region also benefited
from strong imports from the other 2 regions, a reflection of our continued focus on platform selling.

Our EMEA region had a strong quarter led by Dublin and Stockholm and our newly-opened Bordeaux
market as well as high exports to the other 2 regions. Enterprise has contributed approximately 1/3 of the
region's bookings, up significantly over the prior year. We're also seeing good momentum across our flat
markets. And the EMEA region benefited from nonrecurring revenues related to xScale fees earned from
the pre-lease of our entire Frankfurt 9 and London 11 buildings, 37 megawatts of demand. And finally, the
Asia Pacific region had a solid quarter, led by Singapore and Japan with strong regional bookings. Pricing
for small- and medium-sized deals remain strong, and we're seeing good traction with Equinix Metal. The
APAC region's quarterly MRR growth was partially constrained due to COVID-related capacity delays in
Singapore and political uncertainty in our Hong Kong market.

And now looking at the capital structure, please refer to Slides 8 and 9. We ended the quarter with cash of
about $1.8 billion, and our net debt leverage ratio is 3.8x our Q2 annualized adjusted EBITDA, highlighting
the financial flexibility and strategic advantage we have relative to anyone else in our space.

In May, we raised $2.6 billion, including an incremental $1 billion in green notes. Since Equinix' inaugural
investment-grade issuance in late 2019, we've reduced our annualized interest expense by approximately
$196 million, offset in part by the incremental debt capital raised. Our blended cost to borrow is now the
lowest in the industry at approximately 1.7% and our weighted average maturity is nearly 10 years. We
also raised $100 million of ATM equity in the quarter. We continue to expect to use both debt and equity to
fund our future business needs with an increase leading towards debt capital.

Turning to Slide 10 for the quarter, capital expenditures were approximately $692 million, including
recurring CapEx of $45 million. We opened 3 new retail projects this quarter, including new IBXs in
Bordeaux and Silicon Valley. We also purchased lab for development in Frankfurt and Helsinki. Revenues
from owned assets now represents 58% of our total revenues due to the acquisition of our Singapore 3
IBXs. On the xScale side of the business, after quarter end, we contributed our Dublin 5 asset to the EMEA
joint venture in return for net proceeds after our 20% equity contribution of $49 million.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Our capital investments delivered strong returns as shown on Slide 11. Our 153 stabilized assets increased
recurring revenues by 3% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. These stabilized assets are
collectively 86% utilized and generated a 27% cash-on-cash return on the gross PP&E invested. Looking
forward, we expect to exit the year closer to the top end of our stabilized asset growth rate, in part due to
strong Americas revenue growth.

Please refer to Slides 12 through 16 for our updated summary of 2021 guidance and bridges. Do note, our
2021 guidance does not include any financial results related to the pending GPX India acquisition, which
is expected to close in Q3. For the full year 2021, we're raising our revenue guidance by $50 million and
adjusted EBITDA guidance by $27 million, primarily due to strong operating performance and favorable FX
rates, although slightly offset due to the timing of spend as we proactively pulled forward expenditures to
mitigate supply chain risks. This guidance implies a normalized and constant currency revenue growth rate
of approximately 8% in midpoint compared to the prior year and an adjusted EBITDA margin of greater
than 47%. And given the operating momentum of the business, we're raising our 2021 AFFO guidance
by $15 million, growing 10% to 12% on a normalizing constant currency basis compared to the previous
year, while also increasing our AFFO per share range.

2021 CapEx is now expected to range between $2.7 billion and $3 billion, including an approximate $450
million of on-balance sheet xScale CapEx, a significant portion, which is expected to be reimbursed by
either the current or future JVs and $193 million of recurring CapEx spend, a slight increase over the prior
quarter due to timing of spend as we mitigate supply chain risks.

So let me stop here and turn the call back to Charles.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Keith. The momentum behind digital transformation is as robust as ever and shows no signs of
letting up. As a world digital infrastructure company, Equinix plays a unique role in this evolving story
and is positioned to be both a catalyst and a key beneficiary as we partner with customers to unlock the
enormous promise of digital, both economically and socially.

As we discussed at our recent Analyst Day, we are focused on 3 strategic levers as we execute on this
transformational opportunity. First, we will continue to scale, doubling down on the strength of our
core business, investing to further scale our go-to-market machine to win new customers, putting our
capital to work to add capacity in existing markets and executing on targeted operational improvements
to standardize, simplify and automate, driving expanded operating margins and providing a better
experience for customers and partners. Second, we will extend the reach of our platform and accelerate
our aspirations in xScale. By the end of this year, we'll be in 66 markets around the world and see
continued opportunities for expansion in growth across both retail and xScale. And third, we will continue
to innovate across our portfolio supporting scalability, self-service and energy efficiency across our colo
estate, delivering advanced features to sustain momentum in our market-leading interconnection franchise
and driving adoption of our digital infrastructure services to deepen our relevance to customers.

Our ability to scale, extend and innovate starts with our people and with our commitment to building
a diverse and inclusive workplace for every person every day can confidently say, "I'm safe, I belong
and I matter." We show up every day with an in-service-to mindset, starting by being in service to each
other, which enables us in turn to be in service to our customers, to our communities and to you, our
shareholders. Purpose creates passion, and we are inspired by ours to be the platform where the world
comes together, serving as an enabling force for our customers and unlocking their incredible potential to
deliver the innovations that enrich our work, our life and our planet.
So let me stop there and open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

So during the Investor Day last month, you guys outlined the 7% to 10% annual AFFO per share growth
through 2025, but you also suggested that next year could come in, in the lower half of the range, I think,
as efficiency initiatives took some time to ramp and you didn't have as much benefit from refinancing
opportunities that have taken place. Given the acceleration you're still seeing in this quarter and the bump
you've seen here, can you speak to what the trajectory looks like heading into next year?

And then separately as a follow-up, I'm just curious about the ATM in the quarter. I think, Keith, you
talked about significant incremental debt capacity, given sort of the leeway offered by the agencies and a
little surprise to see the equity raise in the quarter.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Okay. Great. Thank you for the questions. Let me take the first one and then we'll -- let me take the first
question. First and foremost, when we came up the Analyst Day, one of the questions we spend a lot
of energy talking about was the AFFO per share growth rate in the first -- sorry, in 2022 relative to the
broader guide.

The reason I said it was going to be in the bottom half of the range instead of the top half of the range
was, one, it was a reflection of all the investments we're making across our portfolio this year, not only as
it relates to xScale but also our digital infrastructure services and all the efficiency initiatives. And so we
were absorbing the full annualized impact of those costs in 2022. As a result, it tends to cause us to be a
little bit more dilutive on the per share metric relative to the broader guide. In addition, of course, you're
-- you've got a very strong guide for this year as well. And so we've had the benefit of refinancing out of
the majority of our high-yield debt and so you've got a little bit of wind at your back and you won't have
that wind at your back next year. So that's the primary reason.

Relative to the comments we made about this year and raising our guide, probably not a big surprise to
many of you as we saw a lot of this coming and it's reflected in our long-term model. That all said, we saw
the ability to move our numbers up. But it's a 5-year plan, as you can appreciate. And so I wouldn't say
that we're changing the trajectory on the guide for Analyst Day, just because we had one good quarter
that doesn't feel like the right thing to do.

Secondly, as it relates to the ATM, like anything, we are going to use a little bit of debt and equity. This
was really commensurate with our commitment to our rating agencies to tap periodically, the ATM facility,
but we've dramatically reduced what we anticipate that we would otherwise use. And as a result, you saw
$100 million. But the message that I had in the prepared remarks was really the leanest towards debt
capital on a go-forward basis for obvious reasons, one, the cost of that debt capital, and even over the last
few weeks has continued to trend downwards. And so that will be a lean on a go-forward basis.

So there is always going to be a little bit of a blend. But again, I want to make sure that everybody fully
appreciates we want to use the debt capacity that we have on our balance sheet to its fullest advantage,
while still at the same time, maintaining very positive relationship with our rating agencies.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I might augment just a bit, Jordan, in terms of just saying, I think in the environment as attractive as
we -- as I believe we're operating in now in terms of seeing so much growth opportunity for the business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

I think the ability to continue to ensure that we have the ability to respond to that and the balance sheet
to do so. It's just something is top of mind for us, as Keith said, I think the lean is definitely towards debt
for the obvious reasons. But I think it probably makes sense for us to, I think, have some level of ATM just
to continue to have optionality in the business.

Operator

Our next question is from David Guarino with Green Street.

David Anthony Guarino
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

I wanted to ask you regarding the 3% stabilized revenue growth in the quarter and your comment on the
acceleration of that through the rest of the year. Was that just due to the timing of when the Americas
bookings hit during the quarter? I feel it would be a little bit higher than that. Could you just remind us of
the top end of your stabilized growth rate?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Sure, David. Yes, we've typically guided 3% to 5%. So we're kind of at the bottom -- lower end of that
range this quarter. I think there's a -- there are some timing effects in there. There's also some onetime
items, I think, that are flowing through. But as we really unpack that and looked at what we expected
towards the back half of the year, I think we feel good about us sort of moving more towards the top end.
And I think that's partially due to just really obviously, really strong continued momentum in the Americas
business and out of the full portfolio of assets there. So an 8% quarter there, obviously, some strong NRR
in there. But even on the MRR side, 6% growth, really strong quarter. And so yes, I think towards the back
half of the year, we're feeling really good about the trajectory there on the stabilized asset same-store
number.

David Anthony Guarino
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then maybe switching gears, you noted strong bookings in the Atlanta market. Could you
comment on which data centers in that market saw the strong demand? And specifically, I guess, could
you comment at your 180 Peachtree data center is gaining any traction versus other properties in that
market?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean that's where our focus is. I believe that's AT1 and putting the energy in there and continuing
to build that ecosystem, which we believe has the critical mass of interconnection and ecosystem depth
that is really necessary to scale market effectively. So yes, we're seeing good success there in that. And
again, the emphasis is on that Peachtree location on AT1.

Operator

Our next question is from Sami Badri with Crédit Suisse.

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Charles, I have a question for you, and this is kind of going back a couple of quarters. I believe in the
back half of 2020, you discussed that there was going to be an enterprise acceleration. And I know
the dynamics now are actually picking up across the majority of the tech sector, and we've seen some
large cap tech results that have reflected this including your results. But how would you describe your
expectations in the back half of 2020 to what you're seeing right now? Is this coming in line? Or is this
coming ahead of what you were expecting in the back half of 2020?

Charles J. Meyers

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

President, CEO & Director

Yes. As you indicated, Sami, we were pretty optimistic and bullish about the momentum we were seeing
with the enterprise customer, even during the more peak levels of the pandemic, et cetera. And so we're
seeing people, despite that saying, "Hey, we've got to be investing in digital." And so we're showing up in
terms of our pipeline build and our bookings.

And so -- and just qualitatively in the conversations we were having with customers and so that's why
we were kind of signaling that optimism. I think that has definitely translated how we expected it. And I
think I would say that this quarter was even stronger than I think we would have thought it was going to
be, and that's as reflected in our results and therefore, in the adaptation of our guide. And so I think the
business is just a really strong quarter from an enterprise perspective. As I said in the sort of script, we
-- across all 3 regions, across a variety of sectors, enterprise bookings were very strong. [indiscernible]
channel is a big part of that, working not only in terms of pursuing hybrid cloud opportunities with our key
alliance partners and the cloud players, but also with our reseller sort of portfolio of partners.

And so yes, I think we're seeing it in line or better than we had thought. And I think we expect to continue
to see sustained output and growth from the enterprise segment. And probably over-indexing again, Cloud
and IT and enterprise have been over-indexing for a very long time now. And enterprise just seems to be
just on a tear in terms of its growth right now.

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

One quick follow-up, and I want to ask you this because this is a question a lot about investors actually
ask me. And where do you think enterprises are in their kind of IT modernization cycle? Are enterprises
20% there? 40% there? 60%? Where would you put them as far as a cycle in terms of where they are in
their upgrades and modernization efforts?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean it's obviously really hard to pinpoint that with any precision. But what I would say is I do
think that it's still relatively early, right, in terms of people, whether they want to use a baseball analogy
or whatever, I think it's early innings, right? We haven't passed the midpoint here. And so I think there's
a long way to go in terms of people who still have a lot of legacy IT architecture that they're looking to
adapt to that sort of hybrid multi-cloud world.

And then the other comment I would make is that the pace of change itself is just continuing to
accelerate. And so I think that the technology life cycles and refresh cycles are shortening. I think people
are thinking differently about how that -- as I said in my comments, a number of very large technology
markets are dislocating as they shift to as a service and as we talked about at Analyst Day, that provides
an upside opportunity for us to get a bit more wallet share as those things are delivered as a service,
with Equinix as a point of nexus for consuming those services because we're getting both the underlying
service prior to themselves locating infrastructure at Equinix, and then we're often able to deliver those
services on the platform aligned with things like Fabric and Metal and other things that are allowing us
more wallet share.

And so I think we're -- it's still early days. I think there is a long period of IT architecture and digital
transformation investment in front of us for the foreseeable future.

Operator

Our next question is from Simon Flannery with Morgan Stanley.

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. Just on the normalization point again, can you just talk about the supply chain side of things? And
are there any challenges that you see both in terms of availability, particularly as you get into more of the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

infrastructure businesses and then just inflation, which some of the others in the food chain have been
talking about with freight costs, et cetera.

And you mentioned some of the challenges with COVID in some of the Asian markets, like Singapore, I
think we've also heard more stories about limitations on power and water, and some municipalities kind of
looking at data centers in a slightly different lens. You obviously highlighted your ESG initiatives. But any
color around how you see that evolving? And how that -- Equinix is positioned for that would be great.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks for the question, Simon. I'll take the one around supply chain. Suffice it to say, we've
been investing quite heavily as you've heard us speak about in our procurement and strategic sourcing
initiatives under a very strong leadership. And as a result, we are getting ahead of some of the perceived
constraints in the marketplace. And we're not -- so it's not only managing our access into the production
cycles for this year, but it's also contemplating our consumption needs for next year. That marries up
nicely with also the inflationary exposure that one might otherwise have. By entering into broader
commitments, you can mitigate some of that inflationary pressure as well.

Now that all said, I think we're making some great -- we're having great successes in working with our
partners, our vendors and our suppliers. And then I would also go on to say that inherent in our contracts
is a lot of inflationary protection. So there's the aspect of supply and demand, and then there's the
aspect of pricing. And again, we're very confident that our contracts more appropriately contemplate the
exposure, to the extent that you've got a higher inflationary environment over the coming years. And so
from both perspectives, we want to squeeze that and then both to make sure that we protect our interest
and revenue, but we also have access to deliver demand and support the cost model. And I think we're
doing a good job of that as a company. You, Charles, do you want to talk about the Singapore?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Yes. I mean they're a little bit there in terms of -- Yes, I think the question of -- are -- specifically as
it relates to Singapore, I think there is -- there was a COVID-related delay in terms of the timing of that
facility that created a little bit of a revenue headwind relative to the timing, because demand for that is so
strong for us that we had planned on that coming online a little bit earlier, and so we're seeing a little bit
less, despite that, delivered a really strong quarter.

And I do think there is a broader phenomenon, as you described, in terms of markets, thinking about
how they're going to allocate capacity and deal with the demand for data centers and the environmental
impact. What I would say is that, that's exactly why we are making the level of commitment into ESG and
in particularly, the environmental side that we are. I think we're really positioned to tell a story there as
is now the leader going out and saying, we're going to be climate neutral by 2030. I think we're going to
be in a position to really partner with municipalities to say, "Hey, look, there's a ton of economic and social
benefit being driven by digital."

I talked about that at the Analyst Day to the tune of $100 trillion and people want to tap into that, but
they want to do so responsibly. And I think our ability to make the investments in ESG is going to continue
to be something that really differentiates us. And that's not true only in Asia by any means, there's a
number of markets around the world facing those same things. And honestly, I think that's going to be a
thing, one of the areas where we continue to separate ourselves from the pack.

I wanted to add a piece of color on the prior question, too, on the supply chain sort of constraints and
issues now. As I've talked to some people about it, there's really kind of 3 areas in our business where
you think about it. You have the data center build side of things. There because of our size, our market
leadership, et cetera, I think we feel like we're in a very good position to gain access to the equipment we
need to continue to hit our delivery dates. And so feeling in a good position there, but obviously continuing
to monitor trends.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Then you have the networking side of our business where maybe we're a little less positioned. But what
we've done is really said, okay, we're going to go ahead and make investments to mitigate risk there. And
in fact, that's an area where we have real success. And again, that showed up a bit in the quarter and
in our guide as we think about pulling some costs in. And then the third level of it is really at the digital
infrastructure services line with things like Metal and that's an area where it's a smaller business for us.
And so it will be less impactful, but we are looking there about how we can partner with a number of
folks to mitigate supply chain impact there, especially since we had just came off a very strong bookings
quarter for Metal, and so we want to be -- make sure that we continue to sustain that momentum.

Operator

Our next question is from Brendan Lynch with Barclays.

Brendan James Lynch
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

You recently put out a press release related to the channel, and it was clearly another strong quarter for
the channel in 2Q. Maybe you could talk a little bit about your changing approach there and what type of
investment you might need to make to bringing the new structure to fruition.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Yes, really incredibly strong performance from the channel and spend that way for every quarter
for as far back as I can remember, we've just been really delivering well in that arena. I would say that
there's a few things. One, our -- the relationship that we have with what we refer to as our alliance
partner group, we mentioned several of them in the script, again, the usual suspects, AWS, Microsoft,
Oracle, et cetera, those are folks that we are partnering with as enterprises think through their demand
for hybrid infrastructure, we -- they are aligned to advance sales cycles for their public cloud services.
And in order to do so, they have to have a comprehensive answer for the customer in terms of the hybrid
infrastructure story. And so together, that's a very much a "one and one equals three" kind of story, and
we can bring that to a customer and have really been effective in winning business together. And so we're
seeing real strength there.

On the reseller side, people that are combining value in certain ways with Equinix value to solve customer
problems, we're seeing a nice uptick there. And what I would say is we're seeing more concentration in
terms of a smaller number of our really well, highly-capable resellers, delivering more of the revenue.
And I think that's a good general dynamic for us. And in terms of the investments we're making, the
big area there is really to continue to upgrade our processes and systems, which to be very honest,
were not designed channel-ready from the beginning and continue to adapt those to be more channel-
friendly. So the quoting, ordering, customer support can all be done in ways that support a customer of
a customer or a customer by a channel partner in this case. And so the adaptation of our systems is a --
that's a multiyear sort of trajectory. But that's really the area -- some of the key areas that we're making
investments to really better serve channel partners.

Brendan James Lynch
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. Just one follow-up on that. I believe you have a goal of getting to about 50% from channel sales.
What is the time frame for that? And also, what effect on margins will the increased channel sales have?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. People are asking that question, and I've answered that. So I think you're probably referring to
statements I've made in the past have that I see no reason why we couldn't be 50%. I don't know exactly
when that will occur. I think that -- I do think that success with our -- as we're seeing channels channel
partners embrace some of our newer services like Metal and Network Edge, Network Edge is almost
inherently sort of a channel service because we're partnering both with people that are providing their

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

virtualized network functions and then with providers who are bringing that to market in tandem with
other value. I think we're seeing a bias towards continued strength in the channel, but we also have a
continued great success with our direct selling team. And so both are growing nicely.

So I don't know, channel has been over-indexing a bit. And so I think we will trend towards higher
numbers. But it's hard to predict, I think, exactly where we're in. I think if the newer services really
accelerate, I think that could bring us to higher channel percentages faster. And in terms of impact on
margins, we -- they're really not particularly meaningful in terms of -- our current model is slightly higher
cost in that we often are double comping on commissions when we have our direct team partnering with
channels. But when you look at the customer lifetime value of these contracts, the implication of that
to margins is actually quite small. And given the very attractive profile in terms of return on capital and
margin of some of these newer services, I don't feel like that's going to be a significant drag on margins.
And in fact, I think our other areas of margin expansion are going to overpower those.

Operator

Our next question is from Aryeh Klein with BMO Capital Markets.

Aryeh Klein
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

And just maybe in the Americas, the cabinet additions have picked up, which I think you've been alluding
to over the last couple of quarters, given the backlog. And now you mentioned that at least overall cabinet
backlog exceeded on that build backlog. So how should we think about utilization rates, I guess, moving
forward? It's around 73% now, a little bit lower than it's been historically, what kind of rate would you like
to get to?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Sorry, I'll take that one. Clearly, you're right. The -- we had a really good quarter, something that we
foreshadowed for the last 2 quarters, particularly around the West Coast of the U.S., and so great success,
in particular with the cable landing station. That all said, we've introduced some new capacity in the
Silicon Valley 11 asset, has come online. And so when you look at the overall utilization rate, it's still in the
mid- to low-70s.

That said, we're going to continue to have success in the Americas. Charles alluded to and I've mentioned
it. And so I would assume that, that utilization level is going to continue to move up as we consume the
inventory of the assets we've built. I'd also add just on that basis. And I made it -- maybe commented in
my prepared remarks, the amount of booked-but-yet-to-be-billed inventory is up slightly, despite all of
the inventory that we've -- all of the inventory that moves into the building queues. And so that's a real
positive. So it gives you a sense that there has been substantial bookings already that will consume that
inventory.

The other thing I think is really worthy of note this quarter and that matter through the rest of the year,
we anticipate that we'll continue to be selling into what was historically known as Verizon assets. We've
seen a real nice move up in, as we said, 6 of the 7 markets plus some of the smaller markets in the U.S.
and that includes much of the capacity related to the formally known as Verizon assets.

So we're excited about the momentum. I think you're going to see the Americas region continue to
perform well as we said last quarter and we were telling you this quarter through the rest of the year, and
we'll update you on '22 when we get there. But overall, we're just delighted by the success we've seen on
the heels of all this opportunity.

Aryeh Klein
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Got it. And then maybe just a follow-up on the Americas. MRR per cabinet came down slightly in the
quarter. Was that just timing, given the cabinet additions?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

It is timing. Again, it goes back to that. It was a large -- and as I referred to, a large cable landing station
deployment that came at a different price point. And so you've got the timing impact that as well as is a
very large deployment on the West Coast. But overall, from a pricing perspective, we're just seeing great
success. Charles alluded to it in his prepared remarks, just a number of deals that we're doing across a
number of customers. The volume of activity in medium -- sort of small- to medium-sized deals with high
focus on pricing -- on the pricing environment, is playing out perfectly for this -- for the company. And
as a result, there's -- despite timing, there's really nothing that is abnormal as it relates to our pricing
environment.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think that's just been an area where the healthy pricing and the business mix that is being reflected
in the -- across the board, is just continues to be really strong. And we're hitting that sweet spot in the
market, pricing is firm and then interconnection activity is high. And all that comes together into a really
an awesome story relative to yields. And so it's been years now, because people are always saying, "Oh,
can the Americas get better?" And years ago, I was always like, "Well, Jesus, it's pretty darn good," and
yet it continues to rise. So it's been a -- it's really been a good story.

Operator

Our next question is from Michael Rollins with Citi.

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Just a couple of follow-ups. So First, there was a mention that the cabinet backlog increased in the
quarter. And I was curious if that's relative to the 11,000 that was disclosed at the Analyst Meeting in
June? and how that might compare to historical levels of backlog?

And then secondly, the gross new global customers added in the quarter increased to 270. And curious
if you could unpack how the increase in this metric could influence your future results and where this
increase may be coming from?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

If I can take the backlog question, then I'll take that.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

So on the backlog, Michael, yes, we did disclose 1,000. Over the last 3 quarters, you would have seen an
increase to this level. So I'll refer to this as an elevated level of backlog. And so it did increase slightly
over the prior quarter. And as a result, again, it's a reflection of the momentum in the business, also to
some degree, the tightening of our booking activity very, very strong in June. And because of the strong
June, of course, that goes into book but yet to be billed. But overall, it's a momentum that we're seeing
not only in the activity -- of the booking activity what it means for the backlog, but even more importantly,
the depth and scale of our pipeline as we look forward, and that's really about revenue on the company. In
all 3 cases, it's been up into the right movement.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

On the new customers, I'd say we continue to feel really good about our new logo capture capabilities,
both direct and via channel. And interestingly, via channel isn't necessarily showing up in customer count
because oftentimes, those are -- the customer of record is the channel partner. And so it's actually --
there's even more strength than sort of appear on the face of the results overall.

But -- and in terms of where they're coming from, I think we're having pretty uniform success
geographically. So there's no one region that is significantly outpacing the others. Obviously, a really
strong quarter for the Americas, and that selling team, I think, has been doing an exceptional job, but
we're also seeing good new logo capture across the other regions as well.

And in terms of how it translates into the business, you do see that new logos over-index on a growth
rate perspective from vis-a-vis existing customers. And so I think they have the opportunity to -- if we
can continue to do that, that's really why when we talk about this three-legged strategy, right, of scale,
extend, innovate. Scale is, hey, the customers are buying. And so let's continue to get new customers
and add capacity in existing markets to serve them. Then extending in terms of new geographies to
increase wallet share and then the innovation side, which is really bringing in new services and the
ability to capture more wallet over time in terms of the service types. And so I think it gives us really, a
multidimensional growth opportunity that's really showing up.

So new customers definitely -- I mean, look, we still get the bulk of our bookings from existing customers.
And that's sort of always good news in that our customers are expanding. There's less friction than that,
there's lower cost to acquire, customer lifetime values continue to go up. But new customers are definitely
lifeblood for the business as well. And so we're having focus there and real success there, but it's fairly
uniform both across geos and across our product set.

Operator

Our next question is from Colby Synesael with Cowen.

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Great. Two modeling questions, if I may. One, in the AFFO calculation, there was an adjustment for
impairment charges of $33.6 million. I'm just curious what that is.

And then secondly, you've done just over, I think, 48% margin in the first half. You're guiding to just over
47% for the year. So obviously, an implied downtick in the back half. Where are we most likely going to
see that? Is that COGS? Or is it sales and marketing? Or is it G&A?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

So let me just take the impairment charge first, then between Charles and I, will respond to the other one.
There were some favorable tax adjustments associated with the closing of some matters in the quarter.
And as a result, because to the tax line, you have to keep pure, and you'll see that there's basically
a substantial decrease in tax. It was primarily in relation to a transaction we did in Australia vis-a-vis
Metronode, where we're indemnified by the other party. And as a result, you've got the benefit on the
tax line and you impaired your assets on the other line. And so net-net, it has no meaningful impact on
the P&L, but it gets disclosed separately and it's grossed up. And so it showed -- it sort of shows itself
independent in the other income and expense line. So that's what happened there. But again, as it relates
to AFFO, there is no meaningful move, because it was embedded in the other lines.

Then as it relates to the margin question, yes, we've done very well in the first 2 quarters of the year.
As we continue to say, we want to guide you to what we think will happen for the year. No surprise. And
although for the year, we're seeing greater than 47%, we are making a relatively meaningful investment.
Q2, we added, net roughly 250 heads to the organization. Q3 and Q4, we're going to add another 700 to
800 heads to the organization. As a result, you're absorbing the human capital that we need to invest in
our growth. And so that's one aspect of it.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Two, you've got the seasonal impact of utilities in the Americas that's coming through. And then three,
because in Q1, Q2, we've had the benefit of a number of nonrecurring revenue items that don't carry a lot
of costs with them, so the JV fees when we sell an asset, and we've got a sales fee or we get development
fee, as you know, and as you can see in our results, it comes through on the revenue line, but there's
very old a drag to the bottom line. And so it's going to be inherently lumpy and we just don't see a lot of
that through the second half of the year. If anything, as I mentioned, nonrecurring revenue will go down
in Q3 over Q2. But then it's going to flat line in Q4, and there will be another one-off fee that likely gets
recorded in the fourth quarter. But bottom line, that's what's going on...

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

But even with that fee that you just mentioned, you think that NRR is flat in 4Q versus the 3Q number?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, it is. That's correct.

Operator

Our next question is from Tim Horan with Oppenheimer.

Timothy Kelly Horan
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

We've seen some pretty transformational outsourcing by the carriers, the hyperscalers. Do you guys
think you'll be an important partner there? And will that just also attract, you think, your new enterprise
customers to your locations?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

If I understand that you're asking if the carriers themselves will be attractive partners for us to attract
enterprise customers?

Timothy Kelly Horan
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Well, AT&T is outsourcing their core network to Azure, and we've seen DISH announce something with
AWS. Do you think -- will you be an important part of that outsourcing, helping the hypescalers and AT&T
and other carriers are looking to do the same thing globally?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think so. I think that we have -- definitely have an opportunity there. I think that overall supply
chain is definitely showing sort of signs of reshaping a bit. But as you know, carriers are a really important
set of partners for us as it is. In fact, it's our enterprise success is actually more than what is reflected
in some of our results that we report to you in this earnings deck, for example, because some of the
revenues on the enterprise -- on the network side are really carriers selling to enterprise. And I think
when you have this dynamic of carriers working with other providers that are really taking a different and
more nontraditional approach to building their infrastructure and DISH is a great example there, I think we
have absolutely have an opportunity to continue to play and our points of interconnection and really act
as key points of nexus in some of these architectures that I think are going to be important pieces of the
puzzle.

So yes, absolutely. In fact, our business development team is really quite active in really thinking through
edge opportunities and some of these more emerging infrastructure areas with people making new
significant investments unlike what you're seeing from DISH.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Timothy Kelly Horan
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

And just a follow-up to that, do you think qualitatively the hyperscalers are more likely to outsource
infrastructure? Or are they insourcing more? Where do you think the trend is setting there?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

We do see some -- a greater level of appetite from some of the hyperscalers to self-provision. But I think
that the demand is just so robust that there's going to continue to be a huge amount of that, that is going
to need to come from third parties. And so -- and as we've already said, our xScale aspirations aren't to
sort of go sort of capture share in huge buckets. It is really to grow that business with -- by targeting
attractive and strategically important locations and deployments that we think play to the overall benefit
of Equinix and deliver outstanding returns to our -- to the JV and to our JV partner. And so I think we're
really executing very well on that strategy. So I think there's plenty of opportunity out there, but there is
some -- I think some of the hyperscalers are seeing a desire to self-provision in certain markets.

Operator

Our last question will come from Jon Atkin with RBC.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So a question on hyperscale, Slide 20, xScale. It looks like you did 37 megawatts of leasing. You've got
140 megawatts of capacity. And if I'm interpreting the lower right numbers correctly, 31 megawatts
available to sell. So I guess my question is, what's the type of range that we should expect annually,
quarterly in terms of that leasing number? And at what rate does that 140 grow over kind of on a
quarterly run rate?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, so -- Yes, Jon. Obviously, one of the comments we made was we have seen a lot of success and
Charles made comment virtually -- think virtually everything we've built has now sold out. And so we're
going to continue to ramp up dramatically. One of the things that is critically important in the xScale
initiative is forward plan. And quite openly, we've had more momentum in the business than we originally
anticipated. So the teams are working exceedingly hard to procure -- secure future inventory. And it's
probably a little bit early to tell you exactly how that will present itself, but suffice it to say, we'll continue
to provide a really detailed summary of all the different builds that are going on across the 3 regions of
the world.

And again, we anticipate that xScale will be in all 3 regions of the world now. And as we said, with the
GIC initiative, 7 -- roughly $7 billion of capital over 32 buildings and 600 megawatts. That is through a
time period in 2025 -- will take us to 2025 and beyond. But that doesn't take into consideration some of
the other initiatives that we're working on, including another joint venture with a different party. And so
as we continue to progress, we'll just update you and the rest of the community. But we are seeing great
success. If I can summarize some of that, virtually everything that we have built, and we're continuing to
procure and secure more land and capacity to build out for the future.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes, it's not -- it's certainly not precise. I realize, but I can -- I can tell you that the next 140 will come
a lot faster than the first 140. And -- because we're definitely accelerating, putting capital to work and
seeing good success.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Great. And then lastly, the balance sheet is showing $227 million in assets held for sale. Can you remind
us what is it you're selling?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Those assets typically, so Dublin was the first example of that. Our Dublin 5 passed and moved to the
joint venture on July 7. And so that's an asset that is available for sale. We have some other assets where,
again, we're investing the capital on our balance sheet and then we're going to transition or contribute it
to the joint ventures and move and thereby, get a recovery of those investments in that of our equity our
ownership. So those are just the assets that are sort of queuing up to be delivered to the joint ventures.

Katrina Rymill
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. That concludes our Q2 call. Thank you for joining us.

Operator
This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

