Equinix, Inc. (REIT) NasdaqGS:EQIX
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 29, 2020 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.63

1.52

(6.75 %)

1.72

6.56

8.53

Revenue  (mm)

1462.65

1470.12

0.51

1497.97

5943.54

6510.29

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-29-2020 9:57 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.67

1.57

1.81

1.63

1.41

1.46

1.38

1.52

SURPRISE

(15.57 %)

(7.01 %)

(23.76 %)

(6.75 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Katrina Rymill
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Frank Garrett Louthan
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Matthew Niknam
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Nicholas Ralph Del Deo
MoffettNathanson LLC

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Equinix Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] Also, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn over
the call to Katrina Rymill, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.

Katrina Rymill
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, and welcome to today's conference call. Before we get started, I'd like to remind
everyone that some of the statements we'll be making today are forward-looking in nature and involve
risks and uncertainties. Actual results may vary significantly from those statements and may be identified
by the risks we identified in today's press release and those identified in our filings with the SEC, including
our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2020, and 10-Q filed on May 7, 2020. Equinix assumes
no obligation and does not intend to update or comment on forward-looking statements made on this call.

In addition, in light of regulation fair disclosure, it's Equinix' policy not to comment on financial guidance
during the quarter, unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. In addition, we will provide non-
GAAP measures on today's conference call. We provide a reconciliation of those measures to the most
directly comparable GAAP measures and a list of the reasons why the company uses these measures in
today's press release on the Equinix IR page at www.equinix.com.

We have made available on the IR page of our website a presentation designed to accompany this
discussion, along with certain supplemental financial information and other data. We'd also like to remind
you that we post important information about Equinix on our IR page from time to time and encourage
you to check our website regularly for the most current available information.

With us today are Charles Meyers, Equinix' CEO and President; and Keith Taylor, Chief Financial Officer.
Following our prepared remarks, we'll be taking questions from sell-side analysts. [Operator Instructions]
At this time, I'll turn the call over to Charles.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Katrina. Good afternoon, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. As we all continue
to navigate various health, economic and social changes occurring in our world, our key priorities remain
clear: focusing on the health, safety and well-being of our colleagues, customers and communities and
enabling our customers to respond effectively to the increased urgency of digital transformation as a
critical business priority and a driving force in the global economy. Even in the face of an uncertain macro
environment created by the global pandemic, the Equinix business continues to perform well, and our
relevance in enabling digital business and connectivity remains a core tenet of customer purchasing
decisions.

In Q2, we delivered the third best gross bookings in our history, driven by a record quarter in the
Americas, continued strength in channel bookings, robust interconnection performance and a high volume
of small deals. Our expanding go-to-market engine continues to fuel the business, generating over 4,200
deals in the quarter across more than 3,000 customers. And the importance of our global reach continues
to shine as our customers scale and expand across the globe, leveraging our platform across 56 metros in
26 countries.

We're continuing to increase the scope of customer deployments, and customers operating in all 3 regions
now represent 62% of revenue, up 1% quarter-over-quarter. Our organic expansions continue, opening
Hamburg this quarter and adding Bordeaux as a strategic subsea landing location in support of a key
hyperscale. And we're using disciplined M&A as a tool to enter new markets and scale our platform. On
June 1, we announced our intent to acquire 13 Bell Canada data centers, expanding our coverage in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Canada to a national platform and unlocking opportunities for global corporations to capture growth and
innovation in the Canadian market. This acquisition, which is expected to be immediately accretive upon
close in Q4, reflects Equinix' continued commitment to executing platform-enhancing acquisitions on
financially attractive terms.

Before we get into the detailed quarterly results, I want to share a few thoughts on our commitment
to social change and our continued work to build a culture and community that can have a meaningful,
sustainable impact on the future of our society. Recent events in the U.S. have triggered outrage and
an outpouring of emotions around the world. We have actively tapped into this energy, fostering a rich
and inclusive dialogue on the topics of equity and social justice, with a focus on improving our collective
understanding of each other and creating a commitment to action, which is imperative to moving us
forward positively as individuals, as a company and as a society.

While still early in our journey, our vision remains clear: for Equinix to be a culture where every employee
every day can truly say, "I'm safe, I belong, and I matter," and for our workforce at all levels to better
reflect and represent the communities in which we operate. We acknowledge that we have work to do in
achieving this vision but are fully committed to demonstrating measurable, enduring progress against a
multiyear strategy and continue to believe that our culture remains a key competitive differentiator.

Our approach includes traditional aspects such as diversity targets, bias training and mitigation,
community philanthropy programs and employee mobilization. But we also believe that lasting change
will only happen by pushing ourselves even further in our pursuit of becoming a truly equitable and global
organization. Our objective is to continue to make our culture a critical competitive advantage, seeking to
engage every leader and every employee at Equinix, and integrating diversity, inclusion and belonging in
every aspect of how we run the business. As a company, we will continue to put in the work and reaffirm
our commitment to cultivating a workplace and a society that embraces and vigorously defends equality
and diversity.

Now turning to our results. As depicted on Slide 3, revenues for the second quarter were $1.47 billion,
up 8% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA was up 9% year-over-year, and AFFO was again meaningfully
ahead of our expectations. Interconnection revenues continued to over-index substantially, growing 16%
year-over-year, reflecting the important role of interconnection in digital transformation and highlighting
our clear market leadership in this area. Unit volume was fueled by growth in provision capacity to
support increased traffic and solid new product performance, reflecting our ability to meet the evolving
connectivity requirements of hybrid and multi-cloud architectures. These growth rates are all on a
normalized and constant currency basis.

We now have over 378,000 interconnections, and we continue to see healthy expansion of our dynamic
ecosystems across the globe. In Q2, we added an incremental 8,000 interconnects, driven by streaming,
video conferencing, enterprise cloud connectivity and investments in local aggregation to support work
from home. Internet Exchange had one of its best quarters ever, with peak traffic up 44% year-over-year
as the peering community augmented capacity for video conferencing, gaming and over-the-top video,
replacing headroom that had been exhausted by COVID-related traffic growth.

ECX Fabric also had a great quarter, eclipsing 2,200 participants and demonstrating robust multi-cloud
adoption, particularly from network providers, with 1/3 of them scaling bandwidth to 5 or more clouds.
We're also making good progress in integrating the Packet business with strong new logo engagement and
continued go-to-market integration as we work to deliver on our vision for Platform Equinix to underpin
the foundational infrastructure for today's digital leaders.

We're also strengthening Equinix' leadership position in the cloud ecosystem through expansion of our
hyperscale strategy, allowing us to service both retail and large footprint in key markets while maximizing
the efficiency of our balance sheet through our partnership with GIC. We're seeing strong customer
demand in our initial xScale JV in Europe, and we'll soon expand this JV to include our seventh asset, Paris
9. This facility is slated to open early next year and is immediately proximate to our market-leading Paris
campus, and are already -- and is already 100% pre-leased to a major hyperscaler.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

We are also tracking to close our new xScale JV in Japan with GIC in Q4, adding new locations in Osaka
and Tokyo.

Now let me cover highlights from our verticals. Our network vertical achieved record bookings, driven
by robust reseller activity and network expansion to support traffic growth. Expansions included Colt, a
global telecom provider, adding capacity at the interconnected edge to support increasing user demand
as well as Vocus Communications, an Australian specialty fiber and network solution provider, deploying
infrastructure to increase scale and improve end user experience.

Our financial services vertical had its second highest bookings with strength in global financial and
insurance firms as they accelerate digital transformation. New wins and expansions included a leading
Nordic insurance company, leveraging hybrid multicloud and distributed data, and Galileo Financial
Technologies, a payment solutions platform re-architecting their network and securely connecting to
ecosystem partners.

Our content and digital media vertical also saw solid bookings, with particular strength in gaming and
video, driven by the spike in demand for indoor entertainment. New wins and expansions included Iota,
a leading audience technology platform looking to expand their footprint to serve the ad tech industry,
and Moody's, leveraging ECX Fabric to re-architect their network and multi-cloud access for increased
performance.

Our cloud and IT vertical also showed strong bookings, led by the infrastructure and software
subsegments with continued momentum in cloud adoption. We continue to extend our market-leading
cloud density, adding 10 cloud on-ramps this quarter alone, as cloud providers expand services into new
metros, including Bogota and Mexico City. New wins and expansions included Cisco, extending service
capabilities to additional regions to support new product offerings and security and client demand for
Cisco Webex Communication Solutions, and BMC Software, a leading platform provider of digital workflow
solutions, deploying infrastructure to support their expanding customer base across the region.

Our enterprise vertical saw solid bookings and broad-based demand, with particular growth in businesses
and professional services, government and energy, despite some COVID-related friction. COVID continues
to shift enterprise spending patterns, resulting in increased demand for various cloud-based services,
including telephony, messaging and conferencing. New enterprise wins included a Swedish engineering
company, optimizing its global network to provide optimal employee experience. A global spirits distributor
has switched from building its own on-premise data centers to Equinix to support rapid deployment, as
well as Fung Group, a global leader in supply chain solutions, leveraging ECX Fabric to digitize its supply
chain ecosystem.

Our channel program had a record quarter, accounting for over 30% of bookings and delivering great
productivity from this go-to-market vector. The channel program continues to be a new logo engine for
the company, generating over 60% of all new logos. We had great wins with reseller and alliance partners,
including Orange Business, Cisco, AT&T, Microsoft and Dell, across a wide range of industry segments
with projects focused on both digital transformation and COVID-19 response. New channel business this
quarter included notable wins with AT&T for a global insurer transitioning from on-premise data centers
to a hybrid multi-cloud solution to enhance elasticity and performance, and with Vodafone for a premier
global energy company supporting their adoption of SD-WAN and hybrid multi-cloud enabling.

Now let me turn the call over to Keith to cover the results for the quarter.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Charles, and good afternoon to everyone. It's nice to speak with you again. I, like Charles, hope
you and your families are doing well and staying safe. With respect to Equinix, the business continues
to perform well. Q2 revenues, adjusted EBITDA, AFFO and AFFO per share were ahead of expectations,
despite disruptions experienced by our customers, our suppliers and partners and our employees over the
past few months. In the quarter, we had significant gross PAG and net bookings, including very strong net
positive pricing actions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Interconnection activity was very healthy, both at the physical and the virtual level, and we're making
solid progress across our new edge services products. Our performance against our key operating
metrics was again positive, including solid increases in our MR (sic) [ MRR ] per cabinet and billable
cabinet metrics. For the quarter, we're tracking against our expectations on COVID-19-related impact and
costs. As expected, there are certain cost trends going both directions, and we'll continue to make the
appropriate adjustments to our forecast as needed.

And as you've heard us say before but it's certainly worth repeating again, achieving an investment-grade
rating and now from each of our 3 credit rating agencies after Moody's May upgrade, has proven to be a
highly strategic and valuable milestone, enabling us to access the debt capital markets expeditiously while
broadening the investor base and tightening the credit spreads on our issued debt. This is particularly
important during times of great volatility and disruption like today.

In June, we refinanced $2.6 billion of high-yield debt at a blended interest rate of 2.07%, the lowest
interest rate ever achieved by any BBB- rated issuer. Interest savings on an annualized basis will
approximate $50 million, and these savings will effectively offset the dilution associated with our $1.27
billion equity raise in May.

We have an active construction pipeline with 29 projects underway across 20 markets in 14 countries, and
we continue to work closely with our suppliers and partners to deliver capacity as close to the targeted
dates as possible.

Now let me cover the quarterly highlights and note the growth rates in this section are on a normalized
and constant currency basis. As depicted on Slide 4, global Q2 revenues were $1.47 billion, up 8% over
the same quarter last year, our 70th consecutive quarter of revenue growth, including a $3 million net FX
benefit when compared to our prior guidance rates. We've seen positive momentum in the first half of the
year, driven by strong net bookings and price increases, resulting in a healthy recurring revenue uplift, but
lighter-than-planned nonrecurring revenues due to the timing of custom work and decreased Smart Hands
revenues.

Global Q2 adjusted EBITDA was $720 million or 49% of revenues, up 6% compared to the prior quarter,
and 9% over the same quarter last year due to strong operating performance and favorable revenue mix,
including a $1 million net FX benefit when compared to our prior guidance rates. Global Q2 AFFO was
$558 million, above our expectations on a constant currency basis, largely the result of strong operating
performance. We continue to manage the business and support our AFFO per share goals.

Turning to our regional highlights, whose full results are covered on Slides 5 through 7. EMEA and
APAC were the fastest MRR growing regions on a year-over-year normalized basis at 16% and 10%,
respectively, followed by the Americas region at 3%. The Americas region saw record gross bookings with
healthy pricing and strong exports to the other 2 regions in the quarter. Americas growth rate was partially
muted by our decision to waive certain Smart Hands fees and the timing of planned churn. We expect the
Americas growth rate to step up in the second half of the year.

We also completed the integration of the Mexico assets and won several key internationally-based
magnets into our network and cloud verticals as customers start to leverage the value of the Equinix
Platform into our Mexico markets. Our EMEA region saw strong bookings in the quarter, particularly across
a number of smaller and emerging markets, including Dublin and Madrid. Paris continues to perform well,
a market that we're seeing an increase in demand and a tightening of supply. Our broad build-out initiative
across the region remains active. Interconnection was substantially up on a year-over-year basis, driven
by volume and pricing initiatives, and billing candidates stepped up in the quarter.

And finally, the Asia Pacific region saw another very strong quarter of bookings, including a record into
our Japan markets, and the region enjoyed solid exports, particularly into EMEA. APAC interconnection
had a strong quarter, with many provider scaling network connections for future growth with higher-than-
average net adds in cross-connects and intra-metro connections.

And now looking at our capital structure, please refer to Slide 8. We continue to increase our operating
and strategic flexibility through the management of our balance sheet and capital allocation decisions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Pro forma for the debt refinancing activities, we have approximately $2.7 billion of unrestricted cash
and investments on the balance sheet. Our total liquidity, including our available revolving line of credit
of almost $5 billion. We will use this liquidity alongside our capital and balance sheet initiatives to
opportunistically expand the business, both organically and inorganically, as we work to maximize long-
term shareholder value creation. Including the benefit of the $1.7 billion equity transaction completed in
May, our net debt leverage ratio decreased approximately 3.3x of Q2 annualized adjusted EBITDA, well
within our targeted leverage range.

Turning to Slide 9. For the quarter, capital expenditures were approximately $482 million, including a
recurring CapEx of $30 million. We had 7 openings in Amsterdam, Chicago, Dallas, Hamburg, Hong Kong,
Toronto and Washington, DC. This included the opening of Dallas 11, a new IBX completed on the Infomart
Dallas Campus, which is an interconnection epicenter and a major hub for the southern U.S. And we
announced 4 new expansion projects. The majority of these projects to be developed on owned land,
being Bordeaux, Hong Kong, Milan and Warsaw. We continue to expand our ownership, acquiring land for
development in both Frankfurt and Manchester markets. For the year, we now expect capital expenditures
to increase by approximately $150 million, which reflects the anticipated timing of the closing of the Japan
joint venture with GIC. Once this transaction closes, GIC's portion of the capital expenditures spent prior
to the close date will be reimbursed to Equinix, an amount that is expected to range between $150 million
and $200 million, including certain preexisting incurred costs. Revenues from owned assets is currently
55%, a metric that we anticipate will increase over the next 18 months.

Our capital investments delivered strong returns, as shown on Slide 10. Our 148 stabilized assets
increased recurring revenues by 6% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. These stabilized assets
are collectively 84% utilized and generate a 28% cash-on-cash return on the gross PP&E invested.

Now please refer to Slides 11 through 15 for our summary of 2020 guidance and bridges. Starting
with revenues, we expect to deliver an 8% to 9% growth rate for 2020, a reflection of the continued
momentum in the business and includes a net FX benefit of $23 million compared to our prior guidance
rates. Nonrecurring revenues are expected to remain at these levels for the rest of the year. MRR churn is
expected to remain in our targeted range of 2% to 2.5% per quarter for the remainder of the year.

We expect 2020 adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 48%, excluding integration costs, the result
of strong operating leverage in the business, including revenue mix, offset in part by the anticipated
investments in our go-to-market and product organizations and higher than initially planned salaries and
benefit costs. We expect to incur $20 million of integration costs in 2020 for the integration of our various
acquisitions. And we're raising our 2020 AFFO, which is expected to now grow between 14% and 18%
compared to previous year. For 2020, we expect AFFO per share to grow between 8% and 12%, including
the effect of the capital market activities completed in Q2.

So let me stop here and turn the call back to Charles.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Keith. We are delighted with our Q2 results and are pleased with the continued outperformance of
the business, a result of our focus on providing customers distinctive and durable value as they embrace
digital transformation. Our impact for customers and the financial results that follow are the reflection of
the dedication, flexibility and ingenuity of our teams.

Over the course of Q2, we, like many others, had to rapidly adapt our business, adjusting our go-to-
market motion to current realities, evolving on operating procedures while maintaining our exceptional
service reliability and executing on highly attractive equity and debt deals to enhance liquidity and drive
AFFO.

Customers remain at the center of everything we do, and our customer satisfaction rating moved up the
last 2 quarters to its highest score in the last 3 years. While we are delighted with how the business is
performing, we fully recognize the strain, the shifting challenges and the continued uncertainty we are all

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

facing. And as such, we will remain diligent in closely monitoring market dynamics and further adapting
our business as appropriate through the back half of the year.

The secular drivers of demand for digital infrastructure have never been stronger, and we believe that
Equinix is uniquely positioned to execute on the expanding opportunity presented by the accelerating
importance of digital transformation and the shift to hybrid and multi-cloud as the architecture of
choice. We remain steadfastly focused on evolving our platform to respond to this unparalleled market
opportunity, investing to drive top line growth, leveraging our operating scale to fuel attractive AFFO per
share growth to our investors and delivering positive impact to our many stakeholders as we continue to
build an enduring and sustainable culture and business.
So let me stop there and open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tim Long with Barclays.

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I wanted to start off with the smaller, newer piece of business with Packet, if I could. It sounds like it's
moving along pretty well. Just curious if you can give us an update on how you're moving along with
features and the sales force and the channel with the ability to sell the new products. And maybe just a
little color with the business that you're doing now, if you can give us a sense maybe what kind of vertical
-- what kind of customers or applications are being sought out by those to take on this new business for
you.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Tim, thanks. It's Charles. I guess it’s important maybe to back up and continue to put -- or put the
acquisition of Packet into overall context. I think that as we have talked about on prior calls, this was a
way for us to continue to adapt to the changing consumption patterns of our customers in terms of how
they want to sort of gain access to the value, if you will, of the Equinix Platform. And I think we -- adding
the bare-metal service that Packet brings to the table and integrating that with the bare-metal service that
we had under development organically, we think this really represents a big opportunity for us to continue
to adapt to those changing needs.

The integration is going well. We've now aligned on a coordinated and integrated road map for -- and
coordinated that into a single offering that we will deliver as a company. We have continued to integrate
the go-to-market motion. And we've actually taken some folks from within the Equinix organization,
blended them into the sales team and have that acting as a bit of an overlay today to our larger sales
force. Still early days there. And I think probably a lot of the customer activity is with some of the more
digitally native targets that Packet had traditionally been serving. But we're really starting to see a
building funnel of enterprise targets, particularly large enterprise targets as well as some service provider
sort of types that are really resonating with the packet opportunity in that offering.

So it continues to go well. Again, very -- still very early days, but one of the things that we've been talking
about internally as we talk about delivering physical infrastructure at software speed, which has kind of
been a rally crier, a tagline that really resonates with us internally and, more importantly, resonates with
our customers. So again, a product road map is well aligned now, the engineering teams are underway on
bringing a fully enterprise feature set -- the full enterprise feature set to the bare-metal offering over the
coming quarters and our go-to-market motion, still relatively early, but good momentum in the pipeline.

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. And if I could just do a quick follow-up. You talked about pricing. It looks like Europe and Asia saw
a pretty good MRR per cabinet ASP growth. Could you just give us a little highlight on why you're seeing
better pricing there?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Sure. The key to pricing for us is really continuing targeted discipline -- discipline in our sales targeting.
And we've talked about that for many years now, right, delivering the -- targeting the right customers with
the right use cases into the right IBX locations. And I think we've really -- we're really doing that well in
terms of adapting or delivering against the use cases that are really important to customers right now in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

terms of hybrid multi-cloud implementations, WAN re-architecture, distributed security, a number of things
that are really highly featured and I think their digital transformation plans.

And when you're doing that, I think you're able to deliver outsized value and therefore, get good solid
pricing and we're seeing that show up in our yields. So I think -- and if you look at it, the way our quarter
was composed in terms of bookings, we talked about 4,200 deals across 3,000 customers. That means
we're doing a lot of deals, more sort of small to midsized deals, interconnection-oriented, ecosystem
centric. And that really helps us on the pricing front.

In Europe, in particular, we're also seeing the effects now of the roll-through of the interconnection pricing
adjustments that we've made. And I think those have gone really well. Obviously, generally, customers
don't jump up and applaud when you raise pricing in your services, but I think in this case, our team has
done a really good job of articulating the value that people are getting from interconnection. And I also
think we've been very measured and kind of appropriate about how we phase those implementations
and those price implementations and working with the customers. And so thus far, it's gone well. We're
starting to really see that roll through in the impact down the -- on the EMEA numbers in particular.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jon Atkin with RBC.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Two questions. First one, probably for Keith. I'm just interested in kind of the medium-term margin puts
and takes as we think about where you are in Asia Pac now comfortably past the 50% margin threshold.
What are the factors to kind of think about at a corporate level of you getting towards those levels over
the next kind of several years? And then I have a follow-up on xScale.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, sure, John. I think overall, as it relates to margins, as we sort of said in our prepared remarks, we're
sort of -- we're very pleased with where we are. Pardon me, I cleared my throat. We're pleased with
where we are. Pricing actions have certainly been a net positive to us. And so that's represented -- it's
held very well in our gross profit, our EBITDA and AFFO margins.

All that said, there's a number of things that are going on in the business. And one of the things that
we did want to certainly highlight was we want to continue to invest in our go-to-market and product
organizations. And this ties nicely back to what Charles really talked about with Packet. So there's an
example of where we can continue to drive profitability up. I think Q2 was -- I don't want to say it's
aberrational because obviously, it was an outcome of many, many great things, including revenue mix,
where our nonrecurring revenue came down and as a -- and our recurring revenue went up. And as a
result, you've got a favorable mix shift, something that we think will continue for the rest of the year.

But the other part is we want to continue to invest in the business. And we think we're on track to deliver
against our expectations. Again, I'd refer you back to the June 18 Analyst Day. We believe we can deliver
50% EBITDA margins or greater. I don't think that's ever -- never a question for us is doing it with the
right discipline and mindset, knowing that we want to continue to invest in the business. And right now,
we just see a very substantial opportunity, not only in the assets that we have today, the ones we're
acquiring, an example being Bell Canada. And so we'll continue to make those investments. And at the
same time, I think we can continually find ways to drive more profitability in the business if we're not
investing in our future growth.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

And then I don't know, Charles, if you would have anything to add to that. But my second question was
just on xScale and I think there have been maybe some management changes. Wanted to maybe get
any commentary on that. Any kind of milestones around future JV financings? And then if you could
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

maybe provide a little bit of color or maybe a reminder on the fee structure that you've secured in these
agreements, so we can kind of understand more the impact on AFFO.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Jon. Yes, maybe I'll make just a couple -- reiterate a couple of comments on the margin side and
just, again, say, I think we're seeing, as we've talked about in the past, we're continuing to try to look at
driving operating leverage in the business. I think we're being successful in doing that. And then again,
we're seeing some positive benefits associated with the mix of business, mix shift. And then again, that's
balanced against the reality that we want to continue to position ourselves to take advantage of what we
think is a really big growth opportunity in front of us as hybrid and multi-cloud really plays out. And so we
will continue to invest in the business. And that will be both on the CapEx side and the OpEx side, which I
think will be a bit of a moderating factor on the margins. But I think we can continue kind of up and to the
right over the long haul.

Relative to xScale, things continue to really go well in that overall. We did have some adjustments. Jim
Smith has made the decision to step down from his role as Managing Director of the program but does
remain as an adviser to the initiative. And we've asked Krupal Raval, who's been on the xScale team
now for a period of time and incredible background. And we've asked him to step into the MD role. He's
done that and really kept the continuity with the team. The team that's been recruited in there, I think,
is incredibly strong, very experienced and has really started to hit their stride. So it's going well. We've
talked about in the script that we are probably likely adding -- or very soon adding the Paris 9 asset that
is 100% pre-leased to hyperscaler. And we continue to see good customer interest in pipeline on the other
facilities. The JV in Japan has now been announced. We're working towards closing that later in the year.
And then we're looking at additional JVs beyond that. So good momentum overall. And then relative to the
fees, maybe I'll let Keith comment quickly on kind of how that's structured and impact on the business.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. So Jon, just as it relates to the fees, there's really 4 primary fees. So put aside the equity
ownership, right now, we're treating the businesses, both -- it looks like the Japanese JV will be equity
going to the investment, likewise to the initial EMEA JV. And so the way it works is there's basically an
asset management fee, a facilities fee, a development fee and a sales and marketing fee. And when you
break those down, some are recurring revenues, some are nonrecurring. And then the benefit we get
from the profitability created by the joint venture, that comes in below the line through income from an
affiliated entity. And so that's how it's sort of -- the fee structure works. Right now, it's still pretty early
on, as you know, because we've just got the first 2 assets up. Charles alluded to Paris 9 and having that
100% pre-leased. And we're actively engaged across a number of other assets, both in development and
also in the marketing of those assets across the platform. So we're pretty excited about the performance
that Krup is going to take, to take a leadership role in this entity. So great progress to date.

Operator

Our next question comes from Colby Synesael of Cowen.

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Just a few. Last quarter, you called out a $0 to $50 million headwind to guidance, revenue guidance for
COVID-19. I was wondering what the headwind or impact was in the second quarter. And if you still feel
that you're going to be within that $0 to 50 million and maybe you could tighten that up a little bit if
possible at this point?

Secondly, your Americas growth missed our estimate. I think that was probably one of the weaker parts
of the quarter. Keith, I know you mentioned the Smart Hands rate fees, but I think that was just a $3
million impact. And on the churn side, when I look at least at the cabinet and the interconnects, both
those numbers still went up, yet the revenue came down, which just seem to suggest more of a pricing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

impact. So I'm trying to get a better understanding there. And then before Katrina kills me, just 1 last 1.
Your previous guidance on organic growth was 7% to 9%. You raised it to 8% to 9%. And I believe that
excludes FX, yet the only change I saw in your guidance was, in fact, FX. I'm wondering where that extra
1% to 8% at the low end came from?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Charles, do you want me to take the first part?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Sure.

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

I just want to make sure because we're in different locations, everybody's sort of just making sure that
we're going to organize accordingly. Let me first start off by saying, look, we're absolutely delighted,
Colby, with the performance of the business for the second quarter. And as you know, when we went into
the quarter, we gave ourselves a relatively wide range, wide berth from $0 to $50 million. And for the --
for this quarter, as you know, we basically delivered slightly above the top end of our guidance range. So
said differently then, we basically got a lot of flexibility through the second half of the year.

And we chose to leave it intact other than FX, very similar to what Charles did last quarter, he made the
reference to the fact that we're going to adjust for currency, and here is the range of $0 to $50 million.
And -- but we're also going to hold -- absent FX, we're going to hold the AFFO. We're going to target
at midpoint. Well, when we look at the second half of the year, there's just a lot of uncertainty that still
remains, not too much in our business per se, but the reality of how all of the terminal gets manifested
into our results, we left that flexibility inside our guide. And so what you're seeing is not per se any
specific headwind.

On the margin, there's a few adjustments that are affecting us. We -- obviously, it's a slightly larger
bad debt reserve than we had before, but that was planned for. I made some reference to the fact that
there's cost going in both directions. Clearly, our travel and entertainment is relatively low to almost 0. But
offsetting that, of course, is our salary and benefits cost, less attrition, less paid time off. And we're doing
a very good job of hiring the staff that were slated to be hired. And so our salaries are a little bit higher.

So I think that sort of deals with perhaps the majority of the discussion other than the Americas.
Americas, as we said, relatively flat this quarter. Colby, you're right, there's $3 million of Smart Hands
fees. There's also the impact of the Brazilian currency, fairly substantial degradation to an unhedged
currency, and then you've got nonrecurring revenues. When you look at it from a pricing perspective,
though, MRR per cabinet was relatively flat quarter-over-quarter.

And so we're delighted with where we are. We alluded to the fact that pricing was strong, good gross
bookings. We have momentum in the business, but you also have some things, timing of churn and the
Smart Hands plus nonrecurring in Brazil all affecting the results. And that's the benefit we get there for
having a very global and diverse set of assets that things are going to move around on a continuous basis.
In this case, you're starting to see currency trends moving in our favor. And so albeit we might be a little
bit more susceptible to weaker currencies in the Americas, you're going to see -- you're seeing uplifts
in Asia and Europe. So let me stop there. Charles, you jump in if there's anything you want to add or if
there's anything you need to clarify.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

No. I mean, I think, again, on the $0 to $50 million, obviously, we saw the Smart Hands impacts across
the regions in the quarter as well as a fairly meaningful impact on our custom NRR. And so -- but the -- so
the NRR was meaningfully impacted. I think we had strong recurring revenue quarter. Bookings were solid.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

We are seeing some level of friction still out there. But as our results imply, the team powered through
that and had a good quarter.

But we have 2 sort of big step-up quarters remaining in front of us in the back half of the year. And as
we looked at that, we -- and plus, I think, a very uncertain environment still in terms of sort of a second
wave, if you will, on COVID and the implications of that and how the protracted economic impacts are
going to begin to affect companies, et cetera, we felt like it was prudent to sort of maintain the revenue
guidance and just book the FX impacts into there. So that's where we landed.

Operator

Our next question comes from Frank Louthan with Raymond James.

Frank Garrett Louthan
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Great. So talk to us a little bit about -- more in the Americas. We've talked in the past about what's going
on with the Verizon space and how all that leasing is going. Talk just a little bit about that. And then
follow-up thoughts on inorganic growth for the remainder of the year. I know you've already done 1 deal,
clearly not shying away. But what are your thoughts on those opportunities?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

And Frank, I'm sorry, the first one was on Verizon and Verizon assets?

Frank Garrett Louthan
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Yes. The Verizon assets and where you are as far as continuing to fill that space out to maximize the
utilization there.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Yes. Again, it's been a good, long time now that we've kind of integrated it. So we tend to think about
them all as really part of the platform now. So it's tough for us to think about or even fully measure that.
But the -- but we are seeing good utilization. Obviously, we made some investments into some of the
assets. We actually had some really strong deals this quarter into Miami and Culpeper, actually. And so
we're seeing good progress on some of the very key assets there.

Overall, as we said, I think that the Americas business, we expect that to step up to more like a 5%
growth rate in the back half of the year. Again, it was a really solid quarter from a bookings perspective.
And so overall, I think with us starting to, I think, really having worked through the issues on the Verizon
portfolio in terms of the churn and things that happened there and seeing that stabilize, I think we're
looking at a solid back half of the year for the Americas there.

And relative to inorganic, I think that there are plenty of opportunities out there still. We think that we're
going to continue to have a posture that if you really look at it, our strategy remains unchanged. We have
used M&A for market entry, for market scaling, for sort of capturing strategic interconnection assets and
now for sort of capability additions as we look at the future of Platform Equinix and what that means.
And I think there are opportunities in all those categories. Obviously, the Canadian deal was really an
opportunity for us to really scale in a market and reach national presence in Canada. We think there are
some other opportunities in terms of new market entries that are areas that we continue to -- that we're
continuing to be focused on that are potentially actionable out there. And so -- and it's one of the reasons
really that we went and did the equity deal is making sure that we kept some dry powder on the balance
sheet to be appropriately opportunistic about growth opportunities that present themselves.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Rollins of Citi.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

I was curious if you could delve a bit more into what you're seeing out of the enterprise vertical in terms
of the ability for them to make decisions and the growing interest that the management team has been
describing that you're seeing for hybrid cloud architectures.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, Mike. Yes. I think that we're seeing a -- there's a few things. One, I do think that we've
seen some projects that have delayed decision-making, so things pushed out further in the pipeline.
But I think that's been offset, to some degree, by a broader realization that I think you've heard us and
probably many other companies in ours and related spaces. For example, the cloud providers talk about
this elevation of awareness around digital transformation and the priority that exists there, even in sectors
of the economy that are meaningfully impacted by COVID. I think that what people are seeing is that
those companies that were better prepared or further ahead in their digital strategies are weathering
the storm better. And I think that, that's leading people to say, "We've got to make that investment." In
some cases, even if their businesses are a bit on their back, they kind of say, "Look, we're going to take
that medicine but we're going to invest in the business and in the future and make sure we're making the
digital investments that are necessary."

So that is -- I think we are seeing a little bit of sort of both sides of the coin there, which is some delays,
particularly in new projects that might be delayed just by a variety of factors, including taking longer
to be able to visit sites, although they are -- we are now having tours and visits into the sites on an
appointment basis. And so we're sort of freeing up some in the -- the wheels are turning on that. But
there is some of that. If you look at new logos, they're a little bit lower than our pre-COVID levels. But we
also -- they're targeted more at larger accounts with bigger wallet sizes.

And so a little bit of a mixed bag. But on balance, I think what the enduring phenomenon that we think
we're really seeing is this increased commitment to digital and also very much in terms of people saying,
"Look, we still have private infrastructure requirements. We want that private infrastructure over time
to be -- is probably going to be smaller than what we are doing now, but we need what remains to be
immediately proximate to the cloud and deliver both performance and economics in a different way." And
we think Equinix really rises to that challenge for them.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matthew Niknam with Deutsche Bank.

Matthew Niknam
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Just 2, if I could. First, maybe to go back to the last question. In terms of sales cycles, any notable delays
during the quarter that you'd call out that may have deferred some bookings into the third quarter? And
then secondly, on the competitive front, if you can talk about the competitive backdrop in Europe, whether
you've seen any changes in the landscape in recent months after some of the recent M&A, larger scale
M&A in the region?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Sure. As I said, yes, we have -- obviously, we've got a very sort of deep command of the pipeline in terms
of deals that are in there. We did -- there were certainly some opportunities that we've had originally as
targeted to close this quarter that pushed out, but that's the case every quarter. Obviously, there's some
of that. And -- but some of those were that people would chalk up to COVID-related sort of delays in
decision-making. But on balance, when you look at it and you see in our third best gross bookings quarter
ever, a record in the Americas. Obviously, we're -- we've been able to sort of power through some of that
and still deliver strong overall bookings results. So there's some of that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

What we are seeing, I think, quite encouragingly is that those are just delays. They're not cancellations of
projects. And at this point, we think it's just a matter of when we're going to bring those opportunities in.
So on balance, I think feeling very good and feel like the team really rallied and delivered an exceptional
quarter, given the broader circumstances that we face.

In terms of the competitive backdrop, I would say not a meaningful change. I feel like, particularly in --
I know relative to, I think, commenting on the sort of post-interaction digital combination in Europe and
impact there, I would say it's still very much seems to be in a digestion phase. And I think customers are
working to sort of figure out what that means for them. I think employees are -- of those companies are
trying to -- now that company are trying to figure out what it means to them. And we're trying to stay
focused and deliver and execute effectively while that digestion occurs. And so I think our -- obviously,
the performance of our business in EMEA sort of speaks for itself in the quarter. And we continue to -- as
I've always said, interaction was always a very credible competitor for us in Europe. And I expect they will
continue to be one. But we are -- right now, I think we're seeing a digestion period and we're trying to
take advantage of that while it exists.

Operator

Our next question comes from Simon Flannery of Morgan Stanley.

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Coming back to xScale, I think when you were talking about the project initially, you talked about mid-
teens type returns. I wonder if you could update us on what -- given you've done some leasing now,
you've got a better sense of pipeline and economics. What's your latest thoughts on the return profile on
these projects? And then just coming back to the enterprises, what's going on, on the renewal side? What
sort of pricing are you achieving on renewals? Obviously, your pricing commentary has been pretty bullish
overall. But we do see a lot of pressure on IT budgets broadly. Are you seeing any of that coming through
in terms of customers trying to get some relief when they renew with you?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Yes. I would say that relative to xScale and return expectations, I would say that when you look at
it, we obviously get some of the benefit, particularly as it relates to our lens on the returns of both fees
flowing through as well as the development returns, which give us a bit of a lift on the returns overall and
I think will allow us to continue to have those into the double digits. I do think there is some pressure on
returns caused by just an overall pricing environment that continues to be aggressive, I think, in terms of
people competing aggressively for the hyperscaler business that is out there.

So I think there's been probably a bit of pressure there, but I think that it continues to be a very attractive
return profile, I think, for our -- for -- both for us and for our partners. And for us, I think being able to
do that with relatively limited sort of dry powder off our balance sheet, which we want to allocate to our
higher-returning retail business, I think the strategy still makes a ton of sense for us. But I would say
some downward pressure on returns.

It will be interesting to see whether that persists. I do think that Keith mentioned, for example, there are
markets where we see supply tightening, and obviously, that tends to improve pricing. But you do have a
very powerful set of customers in the hyperscalers that are looking to sort of get the best available terms.
So I think there's been a bit of downward pressure there.

Relative to enterprise renewals, as I said, what we're seeing, I think, is generally, people are continuing to
figure out how they can make most effective use of Equinix in pursuing their long-term hybrid multi-cloud
architectures. And so that might mean that people are downsizing sort of elements of their architecture as
they move certain applications to cloud and then focusing their private infrastructure or the private part of
their hybrid cloud into Equinix facilities proximate to the cloud and are still willing to renew those at what
we consider to be very attractive rates that are good for us and deliver significant value for the customer.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

We do see some sawtoothing, which is because we have escalators, annual escalators built into our
contracts virtually across the board, oftentimes, when you see a renewal, you might see that if you
implemented a 3% to 5% annual escalator over a, say, a 5-year contract, that at renewal, you may be
above market and you may see a sawtoothing of that occur. But that's all sort of part and parcel or all
included in our overall model, which again, continues to reflect overall positive net pricing actions, which
we think reflects the value that we deliver for customers.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jordan Sadler of KeyBanc.

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

So I just wanted to come back to xScale one more time. It does sound like you characterize overall
bookings is solid and seeing maybe a little bit of friction, I think, as we talked to maybe overall enterprise.
Would that also -- that characterization pertain to the xScale business as well? And was Paris 9 leased
during the quarter?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I would say that I think the dynamics are a little bit different in that, obviously, we're targeting a
much smaller set of customers. And so when you look at the xScale dynamics, I think it's a bit more about
where these hyperscalers are in their expansion, how that matches up relative to a sort of capacity where
it's needed kind of element. And so if you look at hyperscalers, and we're actually -- if you look at the
performance and results of some of the other companies that are more focused on that, they tend to be
lumpy. They have sort of a bit more boom and bust in their quarters based on the timing of bookings and
kind of where hyperscalers are in their cycles of expansion. And so I think the dynamic is a bit different,
but yes, the leasing was completed in the quarter for Paris 9, and so we were very pleased to get that
done. And we do see a strong pipeline. It just takes -- those are a bit bigger and more complex deals with
longer sales cycles. And I think the results in any given quarter tend to be a bit lumpier.

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then just as a follow-up, I think you touched on interconnection pricing in Europe, the
adjustment that you've made there. Where are you in the rollout of those adjustments? And what's sort of
the magnitude of that pricing adjustment?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

We're reasonably well advanced. I think that we'll continue to see those adjustments flow through over the
course of the next year or so because we try to be fair and balanced and not kind of overly aggressive or
greedy about how to -- the time line on which we wanted to implement those, and as we tried to -- as we
talked to our customers and tried to implement something that we thought was fair and balanced. And so
it will continue, I think, through the course of the remainder of this year and well into next year, I think
probably through the course of next year as well.

But I think we've probably seen a good chunk of that, probably more than -- well more than half of that
roll through and begin into our results. But there is more work to be done. I think it will be a bit slower
as we go through the course of the next several quarters. And in terms of magnitude, I forget what the
percentage increase was. It was meaningful that it is showing up in the results. But again, you still are
seeing interconnection prevailing pricing in Europe meaningfully below what it is in the Americas. And
I don't think we will be in a point where we will equalize that, but we are making progress in terms of
delivering, I think, pricing that's more consistent with the value delivered to the customer.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Our next question comes from Nick Del Deo with MoffettNathanson.

Nicholas Ralph Del Deo
MoffettNathanson LLC

First, Keith, I want to drill down a little bit more on the EBITDA beat, which was pretty meaningful. I think
you suggested it was a function of revenue mix, and you said you expect those mix benefits to continue,
but your guidance implies lower EBITDA in dollar terms in the next couple of quarters relative to Q2 and
margins that are quite a bit lower. Was there anything else besides the mix shift that we should be bearing
in mind, like power costs or anything along those lines?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Overall, when we look at the second quarter specifically, there is -- we made a comment about price
increases across the board. So number one, it was good to see it happen. Most of that was really focused
in the EMEA region. But then offsetting that was nonrecurring revenue. You saw the step down to roughly
4.8% of our revenue on nonrecurring and so that comes at a different margin profile. So you've got the
benefit of those 2 things happening. So revenues are roughly at the high end of our guidance range on a
currency-neutral basis, but the mix is favorable and you saw the benefit of that flowing to the EBITDA.

In addition, what we also saw was some moderation in our utility consumption until we got some benefit
attached to that. And then in some of the markets, particularly one I'll refer to is Singapore, there's a
link concession due to the current climate and those concessions come through in a couple of different
fashions. It's tax abatements; it is rent abatements; in some cases, it's salary adjustments. That is not --
you don't apply for it. You are allocated it. And the company was the recipient of certain dollars from the
Singaporean government as an example.

But overall, I would just say, we're on top of our numbers. I think the look forward is as Charles alluded
to, it is giving us the flexibility to look at the next 2 quarters, invest in the places that we need to. And
therefore, that's why you see revenues are moving up nicely. But we're also keeping the cost model at
roughly 48% pre-integration cost. And that gives you a sense of that we're still spending in the areas go-
to-market, new products.

The other thing I did -- I referred to at least in my -- in one of my prior remarks, salaries and benefits are
going up inside the business. And that's not because that was something there was sort of an implication
coming out of the pandemic. Less people are taking vacation and that -- and how it gets represented in
the financials, something that we want to certainly encourage people taking more and more time off, and
also just the timing of our hiring. As you're getting the full quarterization of the hiring, we had a record
hiring quarter in Q2, 400 net adds to the business in the quarter, and that's going to run through the
quarter -- the next 2 quarters as well.

And the last thing I would say, there's some seasonality built into our spend, particularly around recurring
CapEx, Q4 more specifically. And that's why you see the impact coming through our guide on the AFFO as
well. So overall, we look at it on an annual basis. We're allocating the dollars appropriately, some of it is
just a little bit more front-loaded than originally anticipated, and you'll get the full quarterization impact of
it.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And I guess I'd just reiterate the SMB, the salary and benefits piece of that, which was we are -- one,
we're seeing lower attrition. And I think that's partially due to maybe concerns about the pandemic also.
I think it is just a reflection of people sort of being very excited about where we are and the culture and
what the opportunities in front of us are. But that -- I think that's rolling through in ways. And we're hiring
-- we're moving forward with our hiring plans across both go-to-market, product technology because we
believe the opportunity is really big in front of us. The net impact of that in terms of is that we have more
cost on the books. And I think that we're kind of calibrating on that in terms of pace of hiring and that
kind of thing.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

But we're -- even if we were at the same sort of targeted number of heads, we're -- with the attrition
being a bit higher, it's -- you get some time in there where it takes to rehire and that sort of keeps things
a little lower. So we are seeing a little bit of that. And I think that's part of what is impacting that in the
back half of the year.

Nicholas Ralph Del Deo
MoffettNathanson LLC

Okay. Got it. That's great detail. Maybe one quick one on ECX Fabric. I think earlier this year, you dropped
a node into a partner facility in Belgium, just the first one you've done like that? Any initial insights into
how that's going or updates as to whether we'll see more deals like that?

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

It's still very early days. We have not seen -- and I think it's obviously happened right in the teeth of
the pandemic, so I think probably still too early to tell there. I would say that I think that more broadly
speaking, our thinking about how we want to extend the utility and the reach of ECX Fabric, both within
our facilities continuing to do our build-outs aligns ECX Fabric closely with our Packet offering to make a
more powerful edge offering in our own facilities, and then I think also look to potentially position that as
something that could be deployed in non-Equinix facilities.

And so I don't know that it would look exactly like what we did in Belgium, but I do think the notion that
we would be looking at extending the reach of the ECX Fabric and ensuring that the ability to use ECX
Fabric as a way to plug back in from a bit of a further edge back into the ecosystem, in particular, the
cloud ecosystem is something that we are absolutely actively looking at. So I do think that's something
that we'll be continuing to monitor and look at how to do that over time.

Operator

And our last question comes from Brett Feldman of Goldman Sachs.

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

It's really just a point of clarification. You've talked throughout this call about an outlook for improved
revenue growth in the Americas in the back half of the year. And last quarter, you were talking about
growth improving to something in the range of 5% or maybe even better than 5% as you were getting
into the fourth quarter. I think that's still the -- what's embedded in your outlook based on your
commentary, but I just want to clarify that you're still targeting that 5%. And then whether it's 5%
or anything, it seems like it's going to be better. And I just want to be sure we understand where the
momentum is coming from, the extent to which it's in MRR as opposed to nonrecurring. Because if it is on
the MRR side, it would seem like you have really good momentum into 2021 as well.

Charles J. Meyers
President, CEO & Director

Keith, do you want to grab that?

Keith D. Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, I'll take that, Charles. So yes, the reference that Charles already said earlier on, but in my prepared
remarks, I said the second half of the year. And Q3 looks like the quarter that we would see that step
up. And it goes back to our comments, number one, we saw good pricing. We saw record bookings. We
still see some element of churn inside of the Americas business for the next 2 quarters. That all said,
when we calibrate across the remaining part of the year, we firmly believe that between the pricing and
the momentum of the business, including a strong pipeline, you should see a step-up in the growth rate.
And that's something that from our perspective, it would carry on into 2021. It's still a bit early to give
guidance on that, but there's no reason why we wouldn't see that momentum continue.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Katrina Rymill
Vice President of Investor Relations

That concludes our Q2 call. Thank you for joining us.

Operator
Thank you for your participation in today's conference. Please disconnect at this time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

EQUINIX, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

