Etsy, Inc. NasdaqGS:ETSY
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, November 03, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.68

0.90

Revenue  (mm)

519.14

532.43

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2021 3:58 AM GMT

32.35

2.56

0.99

3.55

4.15

693.74

2286.55

2761.49

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.70

0.92

0.74

0.68

1.15

1.07

0.87

0.90

64.29 %

16.30 %

17.57 %

32.35 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor
Relations & ESG Engagement

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Presentation

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations & ESG Engagement

Hi, everyone, and welcome to Etsy's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.

I'm Deb Wasser, VP of Investor Relations and ESG Engagement. And joining me today are Josh Silverman,
Chief Executive Officer; Rachel Glaser, Chief Financial Officer; and Gabe Ratcliff, our Director of Investor
Relations.

Today's prepared remarks have been prerecorded. The slide deck has also been posted to our website
for your reference. Once we are finished with Josh and Rachel's presentations, we will transition to a live
video webcast Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]

Please keep in mind that our remarks today include forward-looking statements related to our financial
guidance and key drivers thereof; the uncertain impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or its eventual
abatement may have on our communities, business, strategy or operating results; the potential impact of
our strategic marketing and product initiatives; our ability to integrate and benefit from our acquisitions
of Depop and Elo7, and their impact on our market opportunity and on our future consolidated financial
results; and the anticipated return on our investments and their ability to drive growth. Our actual results
may differ materially.

Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, which are described in today's earnings
release and our 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021, and which will be updated in any future
periodic reports we file with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based
on our beliefs and assumptions today, and we disclaim any obligation to update them.

Also during the call, we'll present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of non-
GAAP to GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release, which you can find on our IR
website, along with a replay of this call.

With that, I'll turn it over to Josh.

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Deb, and good evening, everyone.

Etsy delivered a very strong third quarter. Last year, Etsy dramatically outperformed e-commerce industry
benchmarks. Now in 2021, we're lapping that performance with flying colors reinforcing the significant
market share gains we've made. These great Q3 results further reflect that we're moving the needle on
frequency, and that many of the millions of buyers who found or refound Etsy during the pandemic are
sticking with us and performing even better than historical cohorts.

Our consolidated GMS was $3.1 billion, up 17% on a year-over-year currency neutral basis, with the core
Etsy marketplace being the main driver of GMS growth for the consolidated business and responsible
for the outperformance compared to our guidance. Excluding masks, GMS for the Etsy stand-alone
marketplace grew 24% year-over-year and 138% on a 2-year basis. This continued strength in our core
on a 2-year basis is one of the main takeaways that we want to highlight today.

Revenue grew 18%, and our adjusted EBITDA margin was 33%, with the sustained momentum in
etsy.com's top line growth contributing material flow-through to the bottom line. Etsy has truly risen to
the moment due in large part to the focused investments we've made over the past 4 years to execute
our long-term strategy. As you know, this strategy hinges on building a sustainable competitive advantage
around 4 elements that we believe differentiate us from our competition, what we call our right to win. In
Q3, we again see significant evidence that the strategy is working, and we believe we're still just getting
started.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

We're investing aggressively to strengthen each element of this strategy, all to continue elevating the
customer experience. And we've driven significant gains in visits, purchase frequency and average order
value. In fact, GMS per active buyer for our Etsy.com marketplace was up 20% in the quarter, sustaining
momentum over the past year. We've been speaking to you for a while about our focus on frequency or
better said, how we're working to position Etsy as a starting place for commerce. We believe that there
are several factors that contribute to habit-forming behavior in e-commerce and to move the needle on
frequency.

First, inspiration, having a fun and engaging experience that keeps you coming back for more. Second,
efficiency, helping the buyer to quickly and easily get in, buy and get out when they already know
what they want. And third, reliability, ensuring a stress-free and dependable purchase. We've invested
in frequency-driving initiatives in each of these 3 areas, and these investments are made even more
impactful by our increased traffic and much larger scale. We now have more squads and more product
teams focused on frequency than ever before. We know that changing habits takes time, and it's early
days for this work, but we're seeing very encouraging signs of progress.

Here are a few examples of our frequency initiatives. We're investing in multiple areas focused on driving
buyer inspiration, engaging buyers early in their life cycle and bringing them back to Etsy. For example,
our new personalized onboarding, which you can see in the image on the left, allows the buyer to engage
with Etsy to discover new trends and styles while giving us insights into their tastes and preferences. This
new customer journey has driven increases in repeat visits and purchase frequency.

We've also had great success with our updates tab, which prompts buyer actions such as favoriting and in
turn, helps us to improve the relevancy of their Etsy news feed. And we're leveraging machine learning to
personalize the updates feed for each user. These initiatives collectively have enabled us to have a deeper
understanding of our buyers, which we then use to segment and target them with relevant content on and
off of Etsy.

Many of our visits are from buyers who are on a discovery journey, and there's so much more we can do
to make this experience more fun and extend inspiring. In the past, Etsy recommendations have often
felt like a rearview mirror, based on things you recently bought or searched for. Today, we're investing
aggressively in machine learning tools attempting to understand your tastes and preferences in order to
anticipate and inspire your next purchase. We want to make Etsy feel truly made for you.

For those buyers on a specific shopping mission, we're focused on driving efficiency, a fast and easy
shopping experience. During the third quarter, we launched real-time personalization, which leverages in-
session data about a buyer's tastes and preferences to help them define what they're looking for more
quickly and easily, with the goal of ultimately making shopping on Etsy feel like having a personal shopper.

For example, shown on Slide 6, a user first searches for leather accessories. And later in the session,
enters a search for wallets. We now incorporate the prior in-session search and prioritize results for leather
wallets, knowing of the buyer's previously stated preference for leather. This can be especially relevant
and time saving when you're shopping for multiple items that have something in common, a shared
theme, style or preference.

Turning to Slide 7. We entered 2021 with a strong focus on making Etsy a more reliable place to shop.
While our competitors invest capital building out logistics systems designed to ship one to many, we
believe that our massive peer-to-peer fulfillment ecosystem is a core part of building Etsy's sustainable
competitive advantage. We'll likely never promise to deliver every item on Etsy in 2 days or less. It's not
what we're about. But we do think it's very important that we set clear expectations for when an item will
arrive and reliably live up to those expectations. And we're doing a far better job of that.

For example, we talked about estimated delivery dates on our last call, and we continue to make progress.
Looking at the left side of the slide, you can see that as recently as January of this year, we couldn't tell
our buyers when an item would arrive on nearly 25% of U.S. listings. And now in time for the holiday
season, nearly 100% of U.S. listings show an estimated delivery date. This year, we've also markedly
improved the accuracy of estimated delivery dates we provide to buyers while promising sellers to ship on

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

time, cutting in half the number of shipments that arrive past their estimated delivery date is shown on
the right.

In addition to our fulfillment goals, our Star Seller program launched in July looks to motivate sellers to
deliver exceptional customer service, thereby creating a race to the top, which elevates the shopping
experience and enhances reliability for buyers. In just 90 days, we've already seen the appeal of earning
a Star Seller badge alter seller behavior, delivering meaningful improvements to several key customer
service metrics critical to buyers.

For example, the percentage of buyer messages that got a response within 24 hours increased by 600
basis points in the 2 months post launch of our Star Seller initiative. And there's real tangible value for our
Star Sellers. The September month-over-month repeat purchase rate, or RPR, for Star Sellers was 25%
higher than the RPR for non-Star Sellers. We also recently launched a preview version of our new Sell on
Etsy app, an area we haven't invested in for a while, and it's trending positively in seller engagement.

We mentioned our Buy on Etsy app on the last earnings call, and it's great to see this work continuing
to pay dividends. We're driving buyers to the app at a higher rate than ever before. We believe there's
no better place to experience our improved customer journeys than the app, which is why we've been
aggressively promoting it to buyers. We've seen a 36% increase in app downloads year-to-date. And its
surpassed mobile web GMS share now making the app the most used mobile channel for purchases on
Etsy. Once buyers transition to the app, their engagement and frequency are higher relative to our other
platforms. Ultimately, as app usage increases, we can begin to inspire cross-category browsing earlier in
the buyer journey, which has historically led to increased frequency and retention.

Moving on from frequency. As you know, we often talk about our impact initiatives being part and parcel
of our business strategy. One I'd like to mention this quarter is tied to our efforts to lower our carbon
footprint. In September, we launched an exciting sustainable packaging initiative. Etsy now offers planet-
friendly packaging made from responsibly sourced and 100% recycled materials to enable U.S. sellers, the
majority of whom believe it's important to run an environmentally friendly business, to join us on reducing
the environmental impact from e-commerce.

This initiative is not just about helping us to achieve our goal to be net zero by 2030, we know that
consumers care about the impact of their purchases. In fact, 90% of Etsy's U.S. buyers have told us that
they care about sustainability. We have a lot of conviction that an initiative like this can drive business
growth, so we'll be highlighting it in the buyer experience with a focus on driving conversion and loyalty at
Etsy. We're still in the early days of our journey to help customers understand the positive impact they can
make when they shop on Etsy.

Turning to our marketing initiatives, we've invested in creative new approaches to broaden the global
reach of Etsy's brand. One great example of our team's innovation is the exciting launch of the Etsy
House, our first-ever interactive, augmented reality experience that allows buyers to shop a digital home
filled with curated Etsy items. We see this as a beautiful, powerful way to showcase the breadth and depth
of high-quality items on Etsy. It's one more example of how we're evolving the perception of our brand so
that buyers think of us not just for the cushion but also for the couch.

And while I don't have time to mention them all, other examples of novel approaches we're taking
to attract new audiences and drive top-of-mind awareness, frequency and loyalty include testing bus
and train ads in London as the city comes back to life; mail-focused brand campaigns in the U.S.; and
placements on ESPN and the History Channel, not just Hallmark and HGTV; and marketing partnerships
with leading consumer brands.

We've kicked off an exciting holiday season on Etsy. With our product development initiatives, improved
user experience and multichannel full funnel marketing campaigns, we believe we'll once again make Etsy
a meaningfully better place to shop for the holidays. We've been encouraging buyers to start shopping
earlier than last year, and are leaning into gift guides and personalized shopping missions, and we're
creating localized experiences in our key geographies outside the U.S.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

One initiative we're really excited about is our new gift finder feature. It's a fun and interactive way for us
to help you find surprising and delightful gifts tailored exactly to the interests and tastes of the recipient, a
uniquely Etsy way to help you get to the good stuff from among our almost 100 million items.

We'll continue to reinforce what is different and special about Etsy during the holiday season through
many channels, including TV and digital video with our new Give More Than a Gift campaign. Here's a 30-
second spot that just started running in the U.S. this week, and you'll also see us on air in the U.K. and
Germany this holiday season.

[Presentation]

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Turning to our House of Brands. We've identified meaningful areas where we can share knowledge and
expertise as we work to accelerate growth in Depop and Elo7. In fact, these initiatives will sound very
familiar to our playbook for etsy.com and Reverb. Maria and Calico, the CEOs of Depop and Elo7, and their
teams are concentrating on conversion rate optimization to increase the value of a visit. For example,
things like signals and nudges and search relevancy.

Another key focus area for Depop is laying the foundation to invest profitably in performance marketing
with improved LTV and attribution models and better Martech. And a top priority for Elo7 is to lower
shipping costs through expanded carrier relationships. The Reverb team continues to invest in platform
engagement, optimizing conversion rate, improving the user experience, advertising and driving
international growth. I've always said that the important thing is to keep the main thing the main thing.
And for our subsidiaries, the main things are the same things as for Etsy.

In conclusion, it's gratifying to see how shoppers have loved the experience they've had with Etsy and
are coming back for more, even in a world of greatly expanded choice. Etsy is getting better as it gets
bigger. As fast as e-commerce has grown over the past 18 months, we have grown substantially faster,
indicating that we're gaining share. And we're expanding our TAM with depth across many categories
and geographies. We're moving in a different direction than commoditized marketplaces and have more
conviction than ever to invest with discipline in what we see is a multitrillion dollar market opportunity and
to strengthen our positioning for further growth in 2022 and beyond.

Before I turn the call over to Rachel, I wanted to welcome our 2 recently announced Board members,
Andy Ballard and Marla Blow who bring great expertise to Etsy. I couldn't be more excited to have them
joining our Board. I also want to take a moment to thank our incredible global team for their efforts to
make the year-to-date outstanding. We've accomplished so much, and it's particularly heartening given
the continued uncertainty in all of our lives.

And with that, here's Rachel.

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Josh, and thank you to everyone for joining us on our call.

My commentary today will cover consolidated results, key drivers of performance and Etsy marketplace
stand-alone results where appropriate. As a reminder, Reverb, Depop and Elo7 are all reflected in our
consolidated financial results and KPIs for the third quarter. Against the backdrop of continuing volatility
and uncertainty, Etsy's GMS outperformed our expectations in the third quarter, and we've seen notable
stability with significantly less impact from reopening dynamics than we had been anticipating.

As we often say, we love our marketplace model for its capital-light structure, with no logistics or
warehousing, low infrastructure costs, the distributed nature of our sellers, the diversity of their products,
which offer significant reach and depth to satisfy increasing global demand. This model is proving to be
resilient in today's economy as constraints on the global supply of goods increase and create supply chain
bottlenecks and cost escalation and fulfillment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Etsy has unique positioning with over 5 million Etsy marketplace sellers distributed around the world, most
businesses have one and working from their homes. Further, over 90% of U.S. Etsy marketplace sellers
tell us that they source the materials locally and have limited overhead. As a result, we believe Etsy sellers
stand ready to serve the world in ways many others can't.

So how did this drive our results in the quarter? On a consolidated basis, Etsy's third quarter GMS
grew 18% year-over-year to $3.1 billion. Revenue grew 18% year-over-year to $532 million, and
adjusted EBITDA was $174 million with a margin of about 33%. Excluding the acquisitions of Depop and
Elo7, but inclusive of Reverb per our guidance, take rate was 17.5% and adjusted EBITDA margin was
approximately 36%. The primary driver for the significant beat in adjusted EBITDA margin was sustained
momentum in the Etsy marketplace's top line growth, contributing significant flow-through to profitability.
The majority of Etsy's GMS is derived organically this quarter, representing 83% of total GMS.

We plan to provide you with GMS and select KPIs for our subsidiary businesses on an annual basis, so
you'll be able to track the success of our House of Brands portfolio companies over time, but we do not
plan to provide quarterly details. The Etsy marketplace remains the vast majority of our business. Reverb,
Depop and Elo7 collectively represented approximately 12% of Q3 consolidated GMS as Elo7 closed on
July 2 and Depop closed on July 12. Integration is going well, and our teams are collaboratively developing
product and operating plans to drive future growth and profitability improvements.

Our 2 new subsidiaries are experiencing slightly different market conditions at present. Depop is facing
reopening headwinds similar to other e-commerce players, particularly as it compares to its enormous
2020 growth. And Elo7 has begun to see improved conditions in the Brazilian market towards the tail
end of the quarter as more of the population became vaccinated. Last but not least, Reverb continues to
outperform the musical instruments industry on a 2-year basis.

My next 2 slides will focus on the performance of the Etsy marketplace. During the third quarter of
2021, GMS grew 12% year-over-year, 24% year-over-year, excluding face masks, and the take rate
was 18%. GMS was underpinned by continued strength in our top 6 categories, led by homewares and
home furnishings, our largest and fastest-growing category on a trailing 12-month basis; jewelry and
accessories; and apparel. Fall and Halloween themes drove buyer demand in Q3 as there was a notable
uptick in seasonal home decor such as ornaments and seasonal accent items. Halloween also drove our
apparel category as it is an annual purchase occasion for many of our repeat buyers.

When you look at the monthly performance view for the Etsy marketplace, excluding masks during
Q3, shown on the right of this slide, July 2-year GMS growth was 138%. August was also 138%, and
September slightly accelerated to 139%. It was more stable than we had anticipated when we set
guidance in early August. At that time, it was reasonable to expect that reopening trends would have had
a more material impact to online shopping behavior and Etsy's performance in the third quarter. While we
don't yet have full Q3 data for e-commerce growth, on the left side of this slide, we've mapped our 2-year
performance to an e-commerce benchmark, highlighting continued share gains.

We've also continued to track the impact of face masks on our business and provide transparency around
that. While face masks did gain some momentum in certain regions at specific times during the quarter
due to changing COVID-19 guidelines, overall, they represented less than 2% of Etsy marketplace GMS in
the quarter.

In Q3, non-mask GMS was up 138% on a 2-year basis, relatively stable compared to prior quarters. This
growth was underpinned by significant growth in the U.K. despite all mobility restrictions being lifted in --
early in the quarter. This is quite encouraging, and we believe our brand is becoming more prominent and
Etsy is gaining share in our largest core geography outside of the U.S.

Consolidated Q3 revenue was again driven by growth in both marketplace and services revenue with Etsy
Ads, GMS volume and the incremental benefit of Depop and Elo7 being the primary drivers. The average
take rate for our subsidiary businesses is lower than the Etsy marketplaces and was approximately 10% in
Q3, with marketplace fees representing the majority of the revenue.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Transaction fee revenue, inclusive of offsite ads grew 18% year-over-year, driven by higher GMS from
frequency and average order value. In Q3, our off-site ads revenue offset nearly 40% of Etsy marketplace
performance marketing spend, but contracted slightly compared to last year, as we ran incrementality
tests and pulled back performance marketing on several chargeable channels. The reduced marketing
spend from our incrementality test also contributed to a reduction in clicks on Etsy Ads, driving a modest
contraction in take rate. However, Etsy Ads revenue was up 28% as ad relevance continues to drive
improvements in click-through rate.

Our disciplined investments in product and marketing continue to deliver strong returns and serve
as a foundation for future growth with many initiatives focused on conversion rate and frequency. Q3
consolidated marketing spend was $132 million, up 4% year-over-year and contracted as a percentage of
revenue 700 basis points sequentially. The Q3 spend reflects the pullback in performance marketing for
our incrementality testing.

After running successful television campaigns in the U.S., U.K. and Germany, we paused some campaigns
for 2 to 3 weeks to measure the interaction effects between marketing channels and incrementality of our
brand spend. In the fourth quarter, we're leveraging these learnings and applying them to our placements
for the new holiday creative. We are also investing in other marketing programs in the fourth quarter like
expanding our Etsy coupons tool to proactively target new buyers. We'll continue to leverage our CRM
capabilities to segment and target specific buyers on and off the Etsy platform.

Q3 consolidated product development spend was $74 million, up 60% year-over-year, reflecting our
success in expanding our team to invest in critical areas that we believe will increase GMS. As of the end
of Q3, consolidated headcount was slightly over 2,300, up 70% year-over-year, with much of this increase
sitting in product development. Note that the large increase in consolidated head count includes nearly
600 employees at Depop and Elo7 even. The competition for talent is fierce, but we have been pleased
with our ability to attract, retain and engage our employees in what has clearly become a very tight labor
market.

Similar to our marketing investments, we apply an ROI lens to product and engineering development
spend. As shown on Slide 23, we've significantly grown our product and engineering head count, and feel
confident that we can generate a strong ROI even as we scale our spend. I'll also note that we continue
to make strategic investments that don't directly generate incremental GMS, but that are necessary to
effectively run and scale the business. These investment areas include development, infrastructure and
support, cloud costs, trust and safety and financing compliance.

We've seen very encouraging performance in all of our Etsy marketplace buyer segments, particularly on
a 2-year basis as we comp prior year pandemic-driven peaks. In Q3, active buyers grew 30% year-over-
year to 89 million, stable with Q2 2021. Repeat buyers, those who made purchases on 2 or more days in
a 12-month period, grew 35% year-over-year to 36 million. And habitual buyers, our most loyal buyers,
remained our fastest-growing buyer segment, up 65% for the quarter to nearly 8 million and up 237%
on a 2-year basis. These 3 metrics reflect stability in our buyer base over the past few quarters, a signal
we've all been looking for to gauge the retention of our 2020 cohort.

We're also pleased to see healthy trends and stability within our new buyer cohorts on the Etsy
marketplace. We acquired 7 million new buyers in Q3, very strong performance considering how many
millions of new buyers we have attracted in the past year and still well ahead of our pre-pandemic
quarterly new buyer acquisition rate. We're seeing particular strength internationally as Etsy new buyer
growth outside the U.S. expanded as a percentage of total new buyer growth driven by investment in
performance marketing in several new markets.

In fact, new buyers outside of the U.S. have expanded 600 basis points year-over-year as a percentage of
total new buyers. Even more noteworthy, new buyer repeat purchase rate was up 25% in 2021 compared
to 2019, further evidence of our success driving frequency.

When measuring the performance of the 2020 active buyer cohort, early data suggests they are all
outperforming our historical cohorts as shown on Slide 26. In fact, of our 69 million active buyers in Q3
2020, 56% made another purchase over the next 12 months. This compares to 43% for our historical

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

cohorts, a clear improvement. And as we've talked about in recent quarters, we've also had great success
reactivating buyers. For instance, in Q3, we reengaged 4 million buyers who haven't made a purchase in
over a year. With our investments in product and marketing, we are more able to reactivate a growing
buyer base. We're very encouraged to see that when compared to the historical retention of active buyers
over time, this newer cohort is significantly outperforming.

GMS per active buyer on a trailing 12-month basis expanded to $132, up 20% year-over-year, driven
by frequency and AOV. Among our repeat buyers, we continue to see growth in the average number
of purchase days per year from 4.6 purchases in 2019 to 5.2 purchases in 2021. Including all buyer
segments, buyers now buy an average of 3.1x per year, which is up nearly 25% since 2019.

Now moving to the balance sheet. As of 9/30, we had approximately $907 million in cash and cash
equivalents, short and long-term investments. in addition to a $200 million revolver that is currently
undrawn. Note that the acquisitions of both Depop and Elo7 closed in July and are reflected on the quarter
ending balance sheet.

Also in the quarter, we had several uses of cash that did not impact adjusted EBITDA. These include
approximately $32 million of transaction expenses related to our acquisitions of Depop and Elo7, a portion
of which were accrued in the prior quarter as well as a cash tax payment of approximately $60 million. In
addition, we repurchased $54 million in shares during the quarter under our Board authorized repurchase
plan. Our model remains highly cash generative asset light, and we generally convert the majority of
adjusted EBITDA into free cash flow.

And now turning to our outlook. We currently estimate that our Q4 consolidated GMS, which will now
include Etsy, Reverb and a full quarter for Depop and Elo7, will be $3.9 billion to $4.1 billion, up about
12% at the midpoint compared to Q4 of last year. We expect that our Q4 revenue will be $660 million
to $690 million, up about 10% at the midpoint versus Q4 of last year. And our adjusted EBITDA margin
will be about 26%. Within our Q4 GMS guidance, we are forecasting very solid growth for the Etsy
marketplace of high single-digit GMS growth, implying relatively stable 2-year growth when compared to
Q3. We think this is excellent given our year ago performance.

Drilling in a bit more on our guidance, the holiday season has kicked off early on the Etsy marketplace,
and we have had a strong October. We note that during the month of October, keywords that have holiday
terms in them have increased nearly 100% year-over-year. Buyers are anticipating longer shipping times
driven by constraints in the supply chain. We recognized several important tailwinds, including external
forecasts for strong holiday spending, consumer behavior that continues to rely on e-commerce, now
becoming a habit not a substitute, and Etsy's distributed supply chain that may be less impacted than
others in this environment.

On the flip side, we are also keeping an eye on several potential headwinds, including those associated
with inflation, retail reopenings, potential carrier constraints and consumer confidence. It's important to
keep in mind that Etsy's November and December year-over-year comps are challenging, so we factored
this into our guidance as well.

Within the context of our guidance, here are a few additional items to keep in mind. Note that 4% of
Etsy's marketplace GMS, or $133 million was from face masks in Q4 2020 and we expect facemask to be
relatively inconsequential in Q4 2021. Also keep in mind that Depop and Elo7, while accretive to our top
line, will be with us for a full quarter, meaning they will be dilutive to adjusted EBITDA margin similar to
the impact they had in Q3 as we invest in their future growth. The majority of the contraction in take rate
is driven by our subsidiary marketplace as having a lower average take rate than Etsy stand-alone. Also,
we expect an increase in amortization based on the allocation of purchase price for both Depop and Elo7.
Refer to our 10-Q, which will be filed shortly for more details.

You'll see us stepping back up our marketing spend in the fourth quarter, and hiring will continue to be
at an elevated pace. As a reminder, in the fourth quarter of 2020, U.S. stimulus checks were a significant
boost to consumer spending that is not expected to repeat this year. Stimulus checks also remained an
important factor in our elevated growth in Q1 2021 and a bit in the early part of Q2. So please keep those
high growth levels in mind as you model 2022.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Thank you all for your time today. I will now turn the call over to Deb, so we can take your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations & ESG Engagement

Hi, everyone. Thank you so much for your time. I'm going to dive right in. We have a lot of questions in
the queue. So I'm going to start with this one. We've got several versions of the guidance -- Q4 guidance
question. I'll take this one from Laura Champine of Loop Capital.

Josh, I'll take this to you. Why do you expect GMS growth to decelerate despite the advantages of your
mom-and-pop sellers of our main pop sellers may have when compared to big retailers that are facing
major supply chain problems this holiday?

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Great. Thanks, Deb. And thanks all of you who asked it. I think you won the most popular question of the
earnings call award.

So we feel great about our Q4 guide. And let me start with, as Rachel said, we're off to a strong start
in October, and we feel great about that. Let's remember what we're comping. Last year, we had a
really solid October, followed by a blow-the-doors-out November and December. And if we go back and
remember why it was a tragic reason why. COVID cases were spiking dramatically. There were lockdown
orders going in place in many parts of the country. Hospitals were overflowing. And as a result, people
were largely trapped at home and had very few places for where to shop.

And so many people turn to Etsy, often for the first time, with a lack of a lot of other options. And so
November and December last year were remarkable. And as a result, we delivered a fourth quarter at Etsy
of 111%. That's what we're lapping 111%, vastly outstripping most of e-commerce.

We're off to a strong start in October. We feel great about that. The comps get a lot harder in November
and in December. What we found is that looking at our growth rate relative to 2019 is the most helpful
way to look at our growth rate because 2020 was so volatile with so many external factors.

And so if you look at the midpoint of our guidance, what we forecasted is that Q4 is absolutely stable to
Q3, and we think that's great news. In a world where there's so much more choice, where people are
moving about largely freely, where hopefully, COVID cases continue to decline and people are moving
about and shopping wherever they want, they continue to choose to come back to Etsy again and again.
And in fact, we're growing meaningfully over those remarkable comps from last year. So we feel really
good about the fourth quarter.

Could it come in stronger even than what we've guided to? Absolutely. It could turn out that people are
spending more, that they're turning to Etsy more and more, that the trends we saw in October could
continue in November and December.

Could it turn out that October was a pull forward of the holiday? And a lot of people are spending much
earlier in the holiday in November and December will turn out to be weaker months for e-commerce
generally? Yes, that's possible. We live in a world of unknown. So we're giving you the best guidance
we have with the information that we have. And our main focus is to make sure that our customers,
our buyers and our sellers have a really good experience this quarter. So that's what's under our control
and that's what we're focused on. And again, I'm so delighted that so many people had such a great
experience on Etsy back when they had relatively few choices that now that they have a ton of choices,
they are choosing to come back to Etsy even more often, and I think that's incredibly encouraging.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations & ESG Engagement

We'll to the next question is from Maria Ripps at Canaccord.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

So Josh, I think this one is for you, too. Can you comment on what you're seeing across the digital
advertising landscape, particularly with IDFA changes. And whether that's impacted your marketing
strategy?

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So digital marketing has continued to be very effective. Performance market has continued to be very
effective for us. I know that there's a lot of discussion about CPCs going up a lot over the marketplace and
other people's margins being under pressure with that. Etsy is so long tail that we have felt a lot less of
that than others. So we continue to see very strong returns from performance marketing.

In terms of IDFA, I would describe that as a future opportunity cost to Etsy more than a present
headwind. So really where IDFA is challenging is at least for us, and I think for many others, for paid
app marketing efforts. It's hard to tell when you spend money to market your app how effective that
performance marketing is. And truthfully, we've not been paying to market our app. So it's not a present
headwind.

Now maybe we should be paying to market our app. And maybe that's something that would help us to
grow even faster. We've talked about our earned efforts to market our app. Meaning through our own
channels, through our free channels, we've been seeing great success marketing our app. So IDFA might
be a headwind to the opportunity for us to be investing even more to market our app, but it hasn't been a
material headwind to our present performance.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations & ESG Engagement

Great. Moving on. I got a question from Nick Jones at Citi.

Last 12-month GMS per active buyer continues to increase. How should we think about how high this
number can get? Is a reasonable frequency level once per quarter or once per month? How are you
thinking about which habitual buyer growth from here? Rachel, let's start with you on that one.

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

Sounds good. Nick, thanks for the question. So we did say GMS per active buyer was up 20% in Q3, even
though some of our buyer segments actually decelerated in the quarter. So it was a really strong quarter
for GMS per active buyer. One of the factors that drives GMS is frequency. So more and more buyers
buying more frequently, which is so heartening. So many of our cohorts are -- so much more choice and
share of wallet.

Reminder that the average number of purchase days for all of our buyers increased from 3.1 -- is down
3.1, and that is up from 2.5 a year ago. And then for repeat buyers, it went up to 5.2, another solid
increase, up from 4.6 a year ago. So we're seeing improvement in frequency across the board. It's still
low. So 3.1 is still far lower than we hope it can be. Your question was, could it be once per month, and we
see no reason think that it couldn't be.

Another important factor is the habitual buyers was again our fastest-growing segment, and it grew 237%
on a 2-year basis, and it represents about 40% of our GMS. So it's really a strong sort of testimony that
the most important segment is growing the fastest.

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

One thing I'd just pile on there is if you pull back and look over the long term, buyers, it looks like are
consolidating their shopping behavior around fewer and fewer places. And most of those places are playing
the same playbook, right? They're going to try to sell you commoditized products that are cheaper to buy
and arrive faster.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

And the more people consolidate their purchases there, the more they're going to crave an alternative.
And if Etsy is the leading alternative to commoditized commerce, and I think we're better positioned
than others, I personally believe we're as well positioned as any to be the leading alternative to that
commoditized habit you go to all the time.

I think that's a huge opportunity. And when you look at GMS per active buyer at only $130 per year, it
doesn't take much to believe that, that can go up substantially.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations & ESG Engagement

Okay. The next one is from Anna Andreeva from Needham. It's a 2-part question. I'm going to give the
first part to Rachel.

Can you talk about how we should think about seasonality of your new brands as we model out 2022, both
on GMS and take rates?

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

So great question. So as you know, for Etsy, Q4 is our strong this quarter for GMS. It is a little lighter on
take rate, traditionally, seasonally for Etsy in the fourth quarter, simply because we get so much more
GMS than we get on transaction fees than we get on things like Etsy Ads, which is not necessarily moving
up seasonally.

Our other subs are also -- skew a little bit higher in the fourth quarter, but not as demonstrability as Etsy
does. So Depop, Elo7 and Reverb all have slightly higher fourth quarters than they do the rest of the year.
And -- but not as pronounced as you would see in Etsy. We haven't broken out the seasonality for some of
those subs, so I'll leave the answer at that.

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

And just to pile on that one, too. The take rate being a little softer typically on Etsy in the fourth quarter is
what I would classify as a high-class problem. Transaction rates are based on purchases and advertising is
based on views. And because conversion rate historically goes up in the fourth quarter, GMS grows faster
than views.

So our sellers are happy to advertise. They're putting in a budget to advertise. They're -- that's not
the constraint. It's simply that, that GMS grows even faster than us, which is another way of saying
conversion rate is strong in the fourth quarter, which means buyers are finding what they like, which is a
good news story.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations & ESG Engagement

Great, Josh. While I have you, the second part of this question was related to the top priorities for our
Depop, Elo7, and might as well say Reverb while we're there.

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Absolutely. So the priorities across the new subsidiaries look a lot like the priorities at Etsy. So they're very
much focused on increasing conversion rate through a better customer experience. And there's a lot of
opportunities that Etsy has to help them. So we're working closely with them, looking at, for example,
their search technology to figure out how we can deliver more relevant search experiences. And things
that streamline the path to purchase, so people can go from view to purchase even faster and more easily.
And by improving the conversion rate, we improve the value of the visit. And that allows us to market
more effectively, get a higher ROI.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

The other area that we're very focused on is helping them with performance marketing and marketing
attribution so that we can lean more into performance marketing in a way that drives growth and drives
value in an ROI-positive way.

Specifically looking at Elo7. They're very focused right now on shipping and how do they lower the
shipping costs through increased relationships with carriers in Brazil which we think is a meaningful
opportunity. And also, as Brazil hopefully emerges from the pandemic as vaccination rates are growing
there, people get back to events. And the Depop business is much more event heavy than is Etsy or the
other subsidiaries.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations & ESG Engagement

I think you meant Elo7. But yes...

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Sorry, Elo7. Yes. I'm sorry, Deb. Thank you Elo7. Elo7 is more event heavy than our Etsy or Depop or
Reverb.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations & ESG Engagement

No worries.

Okay. Great. Next one is from Ygal Arounian from Wedbush.

Can you discuss more on the app strategy? How much more room is there to grow in that channel? And
how does it help drive frequency and growth in habitual buyers. Josh, do you want to start with that one.

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I'd say our understanding of the app has evolved a bit. We had historically thought the app was the
best place for experienced buyers to go. So you start on the mobile web or on the desktop. And after
you've made a couple of purchases, you migrate to the app. That works and definitely more experienced
buyers are having a really good experience on Etsy. And we see that once they download the app, their
engagement goes up in almost every metric.

What's been an interesting finding over the past couple of quarters is even newer buyers seem ready to
download the app and benefit by downloading the app. So you're seeing us lean into marketing the app
even for people who maybe haven't bought before or first-time buyers. And what we're finding is, for
those communities as well, when they download the app, we are seeing more engagement from them.
And it does make sense that with the app, we have more opportunities to provide triggers for them to
use the app through things like badging on the app to say there's 3 or 4 updates waiting for you and then
driving them to an updates tab, which tells them, here's what's happened since you left. And then just a
more dynamic and rich experience as is possible in an app and not in mobile web.

To give you some sense of proportionality it was just this quarter that the app became the largest platform
as measured by GMS, overtaking mobile web and overtaking desktop. Mobile web is still the largest
platform by visits. So there's meaningful opportunity still for the app to grow, and it's something that we
think we're only just beginning to really lean into and tap to its full potential.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations & ESG Engagement

Great. Next one is from Naved Khan at Truist.

Can we talk about the impact we're seeing from the economic reopening and improving consumer mobility
across our marketplaces. Josh, why don't you take that one.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Sure. I think consumer confidence has held up better than many of us feared. Consumer spending has
held up better than many of us feared, and that's certainly reflected in Etsy's Q3 results where you saw us
come in over the top of guidance based almost entirely on the strength of the core Etsy business and the
organic Etsy business.

So as you know, we pulled back on performance marketing to test incrementality. And even in light
of that, the organic strength of the Etsy brand in this market is holding up really, really well. So we're
incredibly pleased by that.

I would say we think it was reasonable to assume that as the world reopened and people had so much
more choice, they would avail themselves of that choice and Etsy would face headwinds, and we would see
some deceleration. And we expected that, and we think that's reasonable.

It's been delightful to see that certainly relative to 2019, that hasn't been, in fact, the case in that we've
seen a lot of stability and in fact, GMS per active buyer growing. So we think that's great. As I move
around the other subsidiaries, Reverb is growing on a 2-year stack, substantially faster than the musical
instrument industry itself, which is great.

They see a little bit more variability as musical instrument stores open and close and open again. They see
a little bit more variability. But as we said, with the Etsy marketplace with Reverb, we also find measuring
them on a 2-year stack or measuring them relative to 2019 is the easiest way to forecast that business
and we continue to see it grow substantially faster than the musical instrument industry as a whole. So we
think that's great.

Elo7 in Brazil has faced headwinds because a substantial part of that business is based on events. People
buying things for birthday parties or baby showers or quinceaneras or things like that. And obviously,
with the pandemic and lockdowns, there have been far fewer events. We did see towards the end of the
third quarter, vaccinations have been accelerating fairly rapidly in Brazil. And towards the end of the third
quarter, we did see it the beginnings of an uptick in Elo7 as vaccination rate spread, and we think that
that's really encouraging.

At Depop, we also feel very good about their 2-year growth rate. And as we have talked about, they
had an exceptional 2020 where they grew at over 100% and far faster than all of the publicly traded e-
commerce peers. As we expected, they did decline in the third quarter, and that was as expected, and it's
because their population is disproportionately teenagers, it's Gen Z. And also, they're heavily weighted
towards the U.K. where teenagers were pretty much locked at home for a substantial part of 2020. And
the stay-at-home orders really began to ease in the third quarter.

And so it's not surprising that teenagers, after being locked at home for a year, want to go out, want to
be with their friends, want to go to the mall. And so they're seeing some temporary headwinds from that.
We continue to think e-commerce is an amazing space. We continue to think that apparel is the most
attractive part of e-commerce, and we continue to think that Depop is the best brand in e-commerce and
apparel. And again, we continue to feel great about their 2-year growth rate and the prospects for the
medium and long term, and we're really excited to be partnering with all 3 of these brands to help them to
unlock even more growth and achieve their full potential.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations & ESG Engagement

Next 2 -- I've got a 2-part question from Marvin Fong at BTIG, the first part, I'll give to Rachel.

You mentioned pulling back on performance marketing spend to measure incremental performance. What
were some of your learnings? And how do we think about this pullback in the context of how offsite ads is
performing?

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

So overall, it's extremely validating and even as we scaled spend significantly over the past 18 months,
we're getting the incremental return we expected. Tweaks and tunes in various channels to make them
more accurate are really helpful. We do that all the time to optimize, but nothing that changes the thesis
overall.

So we learned it helps us optimize our model. We might change a threshold here and there based on
what we learned. And you can see that by doing that, we actually left profitable growth on the table. So
we want to keep -- we have a very dynamic investment model in marketing where we spend up to when
the last marginal dollar spend is no longer reaching our ROI threshold. So it's very dynamic. It pulls back
automatically depending on where we set the ROI threshold. And so we'll keep investing those learnings to
optimize and grow the channels that we think are the most profitability.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations & ESG Engagement

The second part of Marvin's question, this is really for -- I know Rachel said, we were planning to increase
marketing spend in Q4. But Josh, maybe you can comment a little bit about how our marketing plans in
general for the fourth quarter.

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Sure. so I'll echo what Rachel said that it's really encouraging that as we've increased our performance
marketing spend, we continue to see good returns on that. And said differently, incrementality testing
can sound like what does that really mean? But it just means if we hadn't spent the money, might those
people have found us anyway? And are we truly getting additive buyers for the money we're spending.
We're constantly asking ourselves that question. I'm sure you're constantly asking it, did you really need
to spend that much on marketing? And we're asking that, too, and we're testing that. And we're testing it
at the margin, not just the overall thesis.

Other thing I'll add about the third quarter is we did very little TV advertising. We were dark most of the
third quarter on TV. We've just launched a brand-new campaign. We showed you one example of that
campaign. And that campaign will be live for most of the fourth quarter. So you'll see us much more
aggressively on TV in the fourth quarter. You'll see us lean into performance marketing. We think our
brand is super relevant all the time, but especially relevant during the holidays. And we want to make sure
that we're really in front of people.

And the performance marketing works really hard for people that are already down the purchase funnel
and thinking about buying something. What you're seeing in our TV ads is we also want the chance to tell
our story. We want to remind people why we're different. We want to make sure we have an emotional
connection with people. We want to make sure that there's organic love for the Etsy brand and people
continuing to come directly to our brand and not only finding us downstream.

And I will continue to point out how special we think that is of Etsy, that such a high proportion of our
traffic comes direct to us, and we're not downstream independent on other channels, which we think is a
real strength. So you should expect us to lean more into marketing in the fourth quarter as we typically do
and as reflected in our margin guidance.

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

And I just want to add, I think Marvin had a -- part of his question was asking about the impact on OSA
in the third quarter from our pull back. Because OSA is a cooperative spend when we spend on PLAs and
there's a successful sale for our sellers, we charge an incremental transaction fee. So our pullback on
performance marketing means that, that fee also went down a bit. However, we did say that 40% of our
performance marketing now is offset by our OSA fees. So that's a very healthy program for us and still
less than 2% churn from our sellers who participate in the OSA program.

Debra Wasser

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Vice President of Investor Relations & ESG Engagement

Rachel, while I have you, the next question is from Jason Helfstein at Opp Co. Marketing spend was pulled
in quite dramatically in Q3. What did you see that gave you confidence that demand will continue given
the lack of performance marketing spend?

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Jason, for the question. And so just as a reminder, the vast majority of our traffic comes to
Etsy organically. This quarter, I think it was 17% was paid and the rest was organic traffic. So we have
a significant amount of demand that is coming from top of mind awareness or our investments in other
forms of marketing -- other marketing channels like our CRM efforts, our social efforts and our brand
marketing to drive top of awareness. And those things are all working together.

Now we didn't pull performance marketing all the way back. So we did still spend significantly in the
quarter. And like I said, we -- it's a dynamic. We just -- we can just change the ROI threshold to bring the
spend down and it dynamically will reduce. So we're still feeling that we've got very great traffic. In fact,
added 7 million new buyers in the third quarter, even though our marketing spend came down.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations & ESG Engagement

Okay. Great. The next one is from Ed Yruma at KeyBanc.

You have historically had a Q4 that ends early on Etsy compared to other retailers. How do you feel about
your ability to extend the holiday season? How will you extend the season this year? Josh, have about that
one for you?

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Great question. And one of the things we talked about in the recorded part of the call was doing a better
job of setting expectations and meeting expectations. When we talk about really becoming a habit. When
we talk about taking that $130 of GMS per active buyer and making it something much, much larger,
if you know that it's worry free to shop on Etsy. You know when it's going to arrive, it's going to be as
expected. I think we can gain a much, much larger share of people's wallet over time. And so it's a really
big focus of ours. And so the fact that we have so much more EDD coverage, expected delivery date
coverage, and the fact that we're doing an ever better job of really meeting those expectations is, I think,
really helpful.

We're never going to promise to deliver things everything on the site within 2 days or everything in the
site within 24 hours. And I think when I look at our environment and sustainability, training the world to
expect everything to arrive in a day is not good for our environment and largely not necessary. So I think
a lot of people are questioning right now with all the supply chain issues, people are thinking, maybe I
should shop a little earlier. And maybe I don't need to wait until the very last minute. That's likely helpful
for Etsy for this year. But hopefully, I think for the long term, people starting to consider whether they
really need to wait until the last minute, I think that would be good for the world and certainly also aligned
with Etsy.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations & ESG Engagement

I know we're at time, but we have a few more that I want to try to squeeze in here. First one is from John
Colantuoni from Jefferies. It's really about the Star Seller program and how do we think that, that can
drive frequency. Yes. I'll just -- the question is a lot longer, but I'll stop.

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Yes. I'm super excited about the Star Seller program and what it can -- what it is today and even more
importantly, what it can become over time. So I want to start with seller agency. What sellers really
want is they want to know what can I do to make my shop more successful. And the more transparent
we can be, the better they're going to be doing their job, right? They're busy. They have relatively little
time. And so if we can focus their efforts on these are the 2 or 3 things that are going to drive the most
improvement for you, that's really helpful for them, and it's something that Etsy is uniquely positioned to
be able to do.

And so by giving them a few key customer service metrics to focus on, we're already seeing very
meaningful improvements. We talked about, for example, responding to a buyer convo within 24 hours.
We saw a 600 basis point improvement across the entire marketplace on that one metric within 2 months
of launching the program. So that's a really good example of how this can really lift all boats.

We do see that by surfacing on promoting the sellers that provide the most reliably good customer service,
we're going to have a better buyer experience and a better seller experience. So the fact that sellers
that are Star Sellers have a 25% higher repeat purchase rate, I think that's a factor of 2 things. One, the
recognition of the Star Seller giving buyers confidence. But two, the fact that these sellers are delivering
consistently good customer service and earning repeat business. And the more we can get every seller to
look like a Star Seller the better off I think it is for everyone.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations & ESG Engagement

Okay. Great. Thanks, Josh. We are over time. So I'm going to cut it there. If anybody has any questions,
you know where to find us. Thank you all so much, and we will talk to you through the quarter. And happy
holidays, everyone.

Joshua G. Silverman
CEO, President & Director

Thank you.

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer
Thanks, everyone.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ETSY, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

