Evergy, Inc. NYSE:EVRG
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, August 05, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.73

0.85

Revenue  (mm)

1234.91

1236.20

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-21-2021 11:33 AM GMT

16.44

0.10

1.77

3.33

3.50

1580.28

5103.32

5156.56

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.56

0.25

0.48

0.73

1.73

0.22

0.55

0.85

SURPRISE

10.90 %

(12.00 %)

12.24 %

16.44 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
EVERGY, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David A. Campbell
President, CEO & Director

Kirkland B. Andrews
Executive VP & CFO

Lori A. Wright
VP of Corporate Planning &
Investor Relations and Treasurer

ANALYSTS

Dariusz Lozny
BofA Securities, Research Division

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EVERGY, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2021 Evergy, Inc. Earnings Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the call over to Lori Wright, Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer.
Please go ahead.

Lori A. Wright
VP of Corporate Planning & Investor Relations and Treasurer

Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Evergy's second quarter call. Thank you
for joining us this morning. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information. Slide 2 and the
disclosure in our SEC filings contain a list of some of the factors that could cause future results to differ
materially from our expectations and include additional information on non-GAAP financial measures. The
releases issued this morning, along with today's webcast slides and supplemental financial information for
the quarter are available on the main page of our website at investors.evergy.com.

On the call today, we have David Campbell, Evergy's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kirk
Andrews, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. David will cover our second quarter
highlights, our latest regulatory and legislative priorities and preview our upcoming Investor Day. Kirk
will cover in more detail the second quarter results, the latest on sales and customers and our financial
outlook for the remainder of the year. Other members of management are with us and will be available
during the question-and-answer portion of the call.

I will now turn the call over to David.

David A. Campbell
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Lori, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 5. This morning, we reported second quarter
adjusted earnings of $0.85 per share compared to $0.68 per share a year ago, equal to a 25% increase.
On a period-over-period basis, these results were primarily driven by higher transmission margin, an
increase in weather-normalized demand, higher other income and income tax benefits.

On our prior earnings call, I highlighted that our nuclear plant, Wolf Creek, had started its planned
refueling outage. I'm pleased to report that the Wolf Creek team completed the outage under budget,
continuing the excellent operational performance at the plant. Company-wide, we've maintained a steady
trend of strong cost management as we strengthen our continuous improvement culture. Our team's
execution has enabled a solid start to the year, and we are reaffirming our 2021 adjusted EPS guidance of
$3.20 to $3.40 per share. We plan on giving an updated perspective on 2021 performance as part of our
Investor Day next month. This morning, we're also reaffirming our target of compound annual EPS growth
of 6% to 8% from 2019 through 2024.

Moving on to Slide 6, I'll provide a summary of our regulatory and legislative priorities and recent
activities. First, with respect to our sustainability transformation plan dockets, we completed the final STP
workshops in Kansas and Missouri, wrapping up the items outlined in both procedural schedules. These
dockets will remain open as we continue to file responsive follow-up information. As I've said before, this
constructive process has been beneficial as it has allowed us to educate and inform our stakeholders on
our strategic business plan while also providing a channel for receiving constructive feedback from the
parties.

Another policy priority that we have identified is securitization legislation. While passage of this legislation
was not critical to the near-term elements of our plan, through hard work with staff and other parties in
both states, we are pleased that securitization was passed this year in both Kansas and Missouri. Kansas

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EVERGY, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

House Bill 2072 was signed into law in April, while Missouri House Bill 734 was signed by Governor Parson
in early July and becomes law at the end of this month.

Given the filing deadlines for our long-term resource plan in both states, securitization financing was not
considered in the analysis relating to our respective integrated resource plans. However, having the law in
place in both states, we'll factor into our ongoing analysis of the preferred plan for the future evolution of
our generation portfolio and the approach that will optimize affordability, reliability and sustainability.

Securitization is particularly helpful with respect to optimizing the affordability aspect of our ongoing
generation fleet transition. Along with enabling the cost-effective handling of extraordinary costs and
undepreciated values, the securitization law in Kansas also includes predetermination features. This will
allow us to collaborate with regulators on the topic of removing coal from rate base and replacing it with
renewables in advance of implementing any actions.

Within the next few months, we plan to file for predetermination of our latest plans for the retirement of
coal at the Lawrence Energy Center and the upcoming solar edition in Kansas.

The Missouri legislation shares many features in common, but there are distinguishing elements. For
example, in Kansas, a predetermination is required before retiring coal with the securitization of financing
order. The Missouri decisional prudence process is similar to predetermination, though in Missouri, it is
optional rather than mandatory, and Missouri approach contemplates an asset retirement plan that can be
broader in nature.

The Missouri law also refers explicitly to evaluating the retention of coal and rate base for reliability
purposes, even if capacity factors remain relatively low, for example, due to such factors as seasonal coal
operations or low SPP energy prices as more renewables come online. In addition, the Missouri legislation
provides for a new investment in replacement assets up to an amount equal to the securitized assets. In
both states, these features will help to enable a well-planned and predictable process as we advance our
fleet transition.

I'll turn now to winter storm Uri costs. In Kansas, we've been granted authority to defer these costs and
we filed an application seeking a recovery in return of storm impacts through fuel adjustment mechanisms
starting in April 2022. The net impact for Kansas Central would result in approximately $115 million
of costs recovered from customers over a 2-year period. At Kansas Metro, during winter storm Uri, we
experienced higher-than-normal off-system sales. These sales exceeded the fuel and purchase power
costs during the event. As a result, the increased margin will benefit Kansas Metro customers by an
estimated $35 million, which will be passed through the fuel costs over a 1-year period beginning in April
2022.

In Missouri, we have requested similar AAO deferral treatment for the winter weather costs and expect a
commission order on this process later this year. Metro customers on the Missouri side will receive their
allocated portion of the higher off-system sales margins, which we currently estimate is around $25 million
in customer benefit, which we have asked to deliver to the fuel adjustment mechanism over a 1-year
period.

Conversely, Missouri West customers were subject to higher fuel and purchase power costs during their
winter weather event. Given the amount of these higher costs upon receipt of deferral authority, we intend
to utilize the recently signed securitization legislation to request commission approval to securitize the
excess costs and recover them over an extended period. Specifically, we expect to request securitization
of approximately $295 million with recovery over a 15-year period, which would minimize and smooth the
impact for our customers.

Slide 7 highlights topics that we expect to cover during our upcoming Investor Day, which will be held
virtually on September 21. At the event, we expect to focus on our strategic business objectives and
overall priorities for the business. Along with an update on STP execution through 2024, we expect to
comment on 2021 and provide a first look at the company's 2022 earnings outlook. We'll describe how
Evergy is driving operational excellence across our business, including reliability, customer service,
generation availability and cost. We'll discuss our capital deployment and infrastructure investment plans.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EVERGY, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

We'll also profile our ongoing focus on regional rate competitiveness, which is a key priority for our team
as it is for our customers and our regulators. Our objective as a company is to become recognized for
driving operational excellence and delivering excellent service to our customers at regionally competitive
rates. We aspire to be clear in our objectives and consistent in our execution so that our regulators,
investors and all of our stakeholders know what to expect and know that we will deliver. We will also
discuss our long-term growth drivers and objectives, including those relating to our ESG profile and
generation fleet transition. Investor Day will give Kirk and I, along with our colleagues, a chance to expand
on the significant value potential we see at Evergy.

Along these lines, Slide 8 summarizes Evergy's investment thesis. As an all-electric Midwestern utility,
well positioned geographically to capitalize on cost-effective renewables options, we strive for consistency
in performance and being known for execution and delivering results. Customers are at the forefront
as affordable and reliable service are paramount objectives. Operational excellence is a critical enabler
to achieving these objectives, and we are committed to a continuous improvement path in reliability,
customer service, transmission and distribution services and fleet operations.

Stakeholder collaboration and constructive relationships with our regulators and other key partners in
Kansas and Missouri are also foundational. The passage of securitization legislation in both states was
a great example of that collaborative process in action, and we look forward to an open constructive
dialogue with stakeholders throughout the years ahead.

As we've described, infrastructure improvements are featured in our sustainability transformation plan.
Investments in grid modernization and the ongoing transformation of our generation fleet will enable us to
better leverage technology, improve resiliency and efficiency and help us to optimize across the objectives
of affordability, reliability and sustainability.

Disciplined cost management and rigorous performance benchmarking are necessary complements to our
investment program in order to ensure that our service and rates remain cost competitive and affordable.
The company has established a strong track record in cost management since the merger, and we see
ongoing opportunities to maintain that trajectory.

The final element of our investment thesis that I'll highlight is financial excellence, including a strong
balance sheet and an attractive total shareholder return, driven by our targeted 6% to 8% annual EPS
growth from 2019 through 2024, plus our dividend yield.

In summary, we are very excited about the opportunities for our company during this period of change
in our industry, and we are committed to the sustained effort that will be required to deliver against our
high-performance objectives. We look forward to discussing our strategy and investment thesis in greater
depth next month.

I will now turn the call over to Kirk.

Kirkland B. Andrews
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with results for the quarter on Slide 10. For the
second quarter of 2021, Evergy delivered adjusted earnings of $195 million or $0.85 per share compared
to $154 million or $0.68 per share in the second quarter of 2020. The 25% increase in second quarter
adjusted EPS was driven by the following items as shown on the chart from left to right. First, although
cooling degree days were relatively consistent versus the second quarter of 2020, we saw fewer heating
degree days this past quarter resulting in a $0.02 per share unfavorable contribution from weather versus
2020.

This weather variance was more than offset by the following: a 3.4% increase in weather-normalized
demand or approximately $0.03 per share; higher transmission revenue drove about $0.05 per share,
resulting from our ongoing investments in transmission; O&M expense was approximately $11 million
lower or $0.04 per share due to lower bad debt expense during the quarter as collections and aging of
receivables improved; other income increased $0.03 per share, driven by a $4 million increase in equity
AFUDC, $5 million of higher investment earnings resulting from unrealized gains on equity investments

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EVERGY, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

and $2 million of higher COLI proceeds; finally, we realized higher income tax benefits due to increased
amortization of excess deferred income taxes, or EDIT, and the timing of tax credit recognition to maintain
our projected annual effective tax rate.

Adding to our first quarter results to these numbers, I'll turn next to year-to-date results, which you'll
find on Slide 11. For the 6 months ended June 30, 2021, adjusted earnings were $320 million or $1.40
per share compared to $248 million or $1.09 per share for the same period last year. Again, moving from
left to right, our year-to-date adjusted EPS drivers versus 2020 include the following: the colder winter
weather during the first quarter more than offset fewer heating degree days in the second quarter leading
to $0.05 per share favorable contribution from weather year-to-date versus 2020. As weather overall
during the first half of 2020 was near normal, this $0.05 per share also represents the EPS contribution
versus normal weather.

Weather normalized demand increased just over 2% year-to-date, driving approximately $0.05 of EPS.
As expected, higher transmission revenues helped drive a $0.06 increase versus 2020. Year-to-date,
we've also realized approximately $0.08 of increased earnings from lower tax expense driven by higher
amortization of excess deferred income taxes as well as accelerated timing within the year of tax credit
recognition.

As you may recall from my remarks during the first quarter, this latter item, primarily resulted from the
increase in earnings during the first quarter as our recognition of benefits from tax credits is driven by the
shape of pretax earnings during the year. This item represents approximately $0.05 of positive EPS year-
to-date and is merely the result of this intra-year timing. Consequently, we do not expect this $0.05 per
share to result in a variance to our full year results.

Finally, $0.07 of the year-to-date EPS increase was the result of higher equity AFUDC, higher unrealized
gains on equity investment and higher COLI proceeds. Although COLI proceeds represent a year-over-year
increase versus 2020, where the majority of our earnings from this item came late in the year, our year-
to-date contribution from COLI in 2021 is nonetheless modestly below expectations.

Turning to Slide 12, I'll provide a brief update on recent sales and customer trends. Weather-normalized
retail sales increased 3.4% during the second quarter as compared to last year. This was primarily driven
by the partial recovery of the commercial industrial sector from the initial shutdowns from COVID-19 in
2020. Residential sales decreased compared to last year when extensive lockdowns kept individuals at
home. While these shifts indicate a continued trend towards a more normal demand mix, commercial and
industrial recovery has been slower than expected while residential demand remains above expectations.
Year-to-date, weather-normalized demand increased 2.2%. When combined with favorable weather year-
to-date, overall sales were in line with our expectations.

Turning finally to Slide 13. Based on our year-to-date results and outlook for the balance of the year, we
are reaffirming our adjusted EPS guidance of $3.20 to $3.40 per share. And as we continue to execute
our cost management and rate base investment objectives as part of the STP, we are also reaffirming our
long-term compounded annual EPS growth target of 6% to 8% from 2019 through 2024. We've had a
solid start to the year, but with about half of our annual earnings typically showing up in the third quarter,
we will remain focused on execution through the summer, and I look forward to speaking with all of you
again during our Investor Day on September 21.

And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.

David A. Campbell
President, CEO & Director
Why don't we go ahead and shift to questions. Let's open up to Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EVERGY, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I have 2, totally unrelated to each other. First, on thinking about the long-term generation plan, I want
to make sure I heard you correct that your original plan, your STP did not incorporate securitization. How
does securitization potentially impact the plan? And how do you think about the reliability needs of having
solid fuel assets on the system, given just what your region and a large swath of the country over the last
6 months have experienced?

David A. Campbell
President, CEO & Director

Michael, so -- and thank you for your question. That will give me an opportunity to clarify. So the
securitization legislation didn't impact our financial plan outlook in '21 to '24. So the passage of the law
didn't impact the growth rate that we teed up in our objectives during that time period. It has been a
long-term objective and we view it as a pretty important enabler beyond that forecast period. So passage
of law in both states, we think is going to be a helpful enabler as we work the plan over the coming
decades.

Now we've published our Integrated Resource Plan. And in that, you'll see that the phasing and pacing of
coal retirements is one that is relatively -- it's done on a relatively steady basis as opposed to accelerated
over a near-term time frame. We do think that the utilization of coal will increase over time, but part of
the factor impacting the phasing or retirement of coal and solid fuel reflects the factors that you identified,
which is making sure that we can ensure reliability, the extreme weather that we saw in February and the
first rolling outages in SPP and then the extreme heat in parts of the country that we've seen. We haven't
seen extreme heat in our part of the country that we have seen a couple of resource alerts in SPP so far
this summer.

And obviously, in other parts of the country, it has been extreme and has led to some strains on the grid,
all reinforce that making sure we leave an eye on reliability is very important as you work on the -- as you
think about the fleet transition, and we think securitization will help.

All that said, we updated our emissions reduction targets as part of our last quarter call. As you saw,
we've got a 70% reduction by 2030 objective and a net 0 target by 2045. So we think we're driving to
strike the right balance, and we'll constantly be looking at that to make sure that we're balancing across
affordability, reliability and sustainability. Hopefully, that gets to your question.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

No, that helps. That helps. That helps a ton. Follow-up, O&M has averaged about year-over-year, down
about $12 million, $13 million a quarter. Kirk, should we assume a similar run rate when we think about
the second half of the year? And then the pace of O&M reductions as you enter 2022, do you still see a
pretty sizable cost savings opportunity for 2022 and beyond?

Kirkland B. Andrews
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Michael, we do. Just as a reminder, when you think about the year-to-date results or year-over-
year differences, as I noted, one of those contributing factors, at least this year, we saw some favorability
on bad debt expense, which is certainly a positive. Overall, our outlook for the year remains unchanged
from the indications I gave on the fourth quarter call when we first introduced guidance. One of the key

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EVERGY, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

success factors, that having joined the company in 2021 as the CFO, I can take little credit for, but the
management team, as you'll recall, was able to deliver a cadence of O&M in 2020, which actually was in
line with our 2021 objective.

So we -- if you think about it that way, we got a year ahead on our savings pace. So therefore, our
expectation, as a reminder, as I'd indicated when we provided guidance initially was our year-over-year
2020 to '21 O&M -- total O&M, we expect to be relatively flat, and we're on pace to deliver that. A little
bit of intra-year timing is largely the contribution for what we're seeing year-to-date. But we do expect a
good, continued cadence of O&M reductions as we move forward into '21, '23. Going toward that target to
be well comfortably below $1 billion a year by the time we get to 2024.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay, Kirk. So I want to make sure I followed. Just for the second half of '21, you don't expect to see
similar savings that you've seen year-over-year relative to the first half of '21?

Kirkland B. Andrews
Executive VP & CFO

No. And that would align with our expectation, which continues to be relatively flat year-over-year overall
in O&M.

Operator

Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America.

Dariusz Lozny
BofA Securities, Research Division

This is Dariusz on for Julien. Just wanted to ask about the retail customer count that you guys highlighted
on one of your slides. It's pretty impressive at over 1% year-to-date. Just curious if you could talk a little
bit about the composition of that, and perhaps how it compares against your expectations for the year and
perhaps how that might look on a prospective basis as well?

Kirkland B. Andrews
Executive VP & CFO

So sure, it's Kirk. Our customer growth, while it's certainly a good indicator year-over-year, the mix, I
can't quote you of that off the top of the head, but largely in line with our expectations. However, as I also
indicated, despite the fact we've got an increase in customer account, our overall utilization per customer
is down year-over-year. That's in line with our expectations because we expected the impact of stay-
from-home, which was most acute in the second quarter of last year, to abate as people kind of return to
work. That level of abatement has been a slower pace, right? So the stay-at-home effect on a utilization
perspective, notwithstanding the fact, we did see that nice year-over-year increase in customers has been
elevated relative to our expectations.

And that certainly understand we expect that to continue a little longer now that we've got the impact of
the delta variant on the stay-at-home. But overall, despite the fact that we're certainly pleased with the
overall increase in customer count. As we expected, the utilization rates per customer comparable year-
over-year is down again due to that COVID effect.

Dariusz Lozny
BofA Securities, Research Division

Great. And one more, if I can. On your '25 CapEx, you've had the potential for a $250 million increase in
your last couple of slide deck. Just curious if you could maybe discuss the puts and takes as far as what is
driving or what will drive the decision as far as when to formally include that in the plan?

David A. Campbell
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EVERGY, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

So thanks for the question, and we look -- we're glad to clarify that. So we plan to lay that out as part of
our Investor Day and just be more specific around it. So we work through our annual planning process
with our operating team. We also consider, of course, the renewables plans that we have, and we're going
to plan on giving you a -- giving The Street a more firm view of that as part of our Investor Day, just
rolling forward into the next year.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] There are no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to David
Campbell for your closing remarks.

David A. Campbell
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Great. So I'll close with a comment on 2021, and sort of implicit in some of the questions we
received, just so I'll go ahead and hit at this. As I mentioned, and as Kirk noted, we're maintaining our
guidance range. There are some items in the first half. And as a general matter, Q3 is our biggest quarter
-- just some timing onto the first half. Q3 is our biggest quarter. COLI has some uncertainty. We'll, of
course, continue to model the impact of the pandemic. But all that said, given where we are now, we
would be disappointed if our results in 2021 don't end up in the top half for the full year. We'll plan to
provide an update on 2021 as part of our Analyst Day in September, but we're pleased with our solid start,
and we appreciate your time with us today, and we wish you a good day. Thank you.

Operator
This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EVERGY, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

