Expedia Group, Inc. NasdaqGS:EXPE
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, November 04, 2020 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(0.79)

(0.22)

Revenue  (mm)

1374.08

1504.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2020 5:28 PM GMT

NM

9.46

(0.75)

(6.74)

1.43

1429.38

5587.38

8270.82

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.18

(1.36)

(3.32)

(0.79)

1.24

(1.83)

(4.09)

(0.22)

SURPRISE

5.08 %

NM

NM

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Michael Senno
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

ANALYSTS

Deepak Mathivanan
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Eric James Sheridan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Jed Kelly
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Justin Post
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Lee Horowitz
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Lloyd Wharton Walmsley
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Mark Stephen F. Mahaney
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Naved Ahmad Khan
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon. My name is Christine, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like
to welcome everyone to the Expedia Group Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
Thank you.

I'll now turn the call over to Michael Senno, Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer.

Michael Senno
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Christine.

Good afternoon and welcome to Expedia Group's financial results conference call for the third quarter
ended September 30, 2020. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by our CEO, Peter Kern; and CFO,
Eric Hart.

The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today,
November 4, 2020, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As
always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words
such as, we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic or confident that, or similar statements.
Please refer to today's earnings release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about
factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.

You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed
today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's Investor Relations website at
ir.expediagroup.com. And I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content.

Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and
administrative expense and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation. And all
comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2019. Please note that
depreciation expense is now reported in a separate line item and prior periods have been restated to
reflect this change.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Peter.

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Thank you, Michael, and good afternoon, everybody. I hope you're well. We appreciate we are not the
most newsworthy thing going on right now in the country, but thank you for spending a little time with us.
And hopefully, we can help give you some more color on our quarter.

I'll start by saying, as I said before, that travel generally performed in this period as everyone has
expected. And in general, closings, openings, worries over the pandemic have the exact influence you
expect. But we were pleased to see in the third quarter that with stabilizing travel trends and significant
improvements on our cost structure, we were able to post markedly improved performance.

I'm going to get into some of the internal workings, including margin expansion, which actually Eric will
cover in his remarks. But first, I just want to make a few comments on the recent trends in travel.

What we saw over the third quarter was basically a stabilization, as I said. July was down in lodging gross
bookings, net of cancellations. This was a function of 2 things. You may recall there was a slight increase
in COVID cases being reported then, and that had some impacts on travel, along with Vrbo for us, which
had a very, very strong June. And that strength subsided a bit. It still was strong in July. So July, again,
lodging gross bookings, net of cancellations, was up about 65%. And in the months that ensued, that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

got to the low to mid-50% range down. So a reasonable improvement, a steady improvement, and that
obviously helped with our third quarter results.

Vrbo continued to be quite strong, as I said, coming off that June high which was a lot of pent-up demand.
But the third quarter was strong. We were up year-over-year, which branded travel business, of course,
is terrific in the world we're living in. And we think it bodes well both because we brought in a lot of new
customers and we believe those customers will have long-term value for us. And it's helping to land the
Vrbo brand and making people more familiar with it.

On the hotel side, North America actually has been pretty steady and improving since July. But Europe for
us, in general, has been a little rockier. Cases were rising in the ensuing months. And of course, in the last
week or 2, we've seen lots of changes, and I'll get into that in a minute. So North America was generally
positive during the period in conventional lodging and Europe was slightly subsiding over that period.

Air continues to lag lodging. Obviously, international air is very injured at the moment. But I think
generally air has been improving. We've seen that across domestic air. And we think that people are
getting more comfortable with the safety protocols and understanding the safety of flying, and we think
that's good news. And obviously the airlines all reported and they have higher hopes, subject to this third
wave, of course, for the holiday season.

The last couple of weeks, which we're all acutely watching, again, have had the impact that, I would
suggest, that pretty much most of us would expect, which is to say, Europe has been acutely hurt by it,
but North America has remained pretty strong. It's down, but still showing relative strength compared to
Europe. Obviously, in our case, that's a little beneficial given our mix of business towards North America,
but nothing can be known yet about how these trends will continue. And of course, if there are more
closures, if there are closures in the U.S. in any way or if there are other lockdowns in Europe, that will
have an impact on the overall business.

I want to talk a minute about market share because you may have observed that in some cases, market
share has been shifting around in weird ways during COVID. And for us, certainly, that is true. There's a
few things to note here. One is obviously alternative accommodations have been quite strong, not just for
us but for others. Obviously, that's been great news for Vrbo. We've been a big beneficiary of that, but
that has shifted lodging share significantly across geographies.

We've also seen that there's a lot of unique use cases during the pandemic, much more not only domestic
and not only secondary and tertiary market travel, but very purpose-driven travel: going to visit family,
needing to do specific work, needing to go to one of these small markets. There's much less discovery
going on and price shopping. And there seems to be more direct bookings in these smaller market
independent hotels as people are calling to make sure they're open, make sure that safety protocols, et
cetera, are happening. And conversely, the places where we typically have the most share of spend like
big urban markets, international travel, international packaged travel, et cetera, have obviously been
among the most impacted. So we have seen some share shift in that.

And I want to reiterate and I've said it before that, we've combined our performance marketing teams
during this period. And we are doing a lot of plumbing work to retool and recalibrate all the algorithms and
everything we do so that we can optimize for multi-brand instead of brand against brand. There's a lot of
work going on. It is a significant effort. But during this period while we do that and while there is so much
uncertainty in the market, we clearly have a bias towards profitability, which you've probably seen in our
numbers, and a bias towards caution given that cancellation rates and other things are very volatile and
very hard to predict.

So we are not chasing share that might be unprofitable or the brick wall we might run into with closures
and COVID cancellations. We're trying to be very prudent here while we rebuild everything on the theory
that we will be at our end state by the time COVID is over or more precisely, travel trends come back
to more normal levels. And we believe, as I said before, that once that plumbing is rebuilt and once
we're ready for multi-brand that we will be able to not only maintain but grow share at similar or better
profitability as we have had before.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Moving on to what we are doing internally. Again, I won't belabor this, but we're focused on several areas,
one of which I've talked about before. But that is our brands and how we join those groups together. We're
focused on brand differentiation, clearly showing and demonstrating what those value propositions are to
the market and how they differ from one another, making choices about which brands we market where
geographically and how we lean into all the marketing channels for different brands. And there's a lot of
work going on for the coming out of COVID and through COVID brand marketing side.

We're obviously leaning heavily into Vrbo. We think it's having a moment. All the research shows that it
has gained share and it has gained awareness, and there's some very positive things going on with that
brand.

But we are also looking out, and we'll start to leg in. We're obviously being cautious given the last couple
of weeks' news. But we will leg in to our other brand marketing, including Hotels.com. And Expedia just
signed a long-term sponsorship with Liverpool, the soccer team in the U.K., that we think will be important
to landing that brand and pushing it in the U.K. and EMEA particularly. And there's a brand-new raft of
creative coming out on the back end of the virus. So a lot of work going in there, to be really clear on
what we're doing, where we're doing it and how we're investing behind each brand.

We're also heavily interested and excited about the opportunity in the B2B side and in helping our supply
partners. We've talked before about our Expedia Partner Services business. We are a leader in this space,
and we feel very good about our opportunity here. In fact, we believe we can grow share here during
COVID as we help our B2B partners come out faster and help more partners over time. We have expanded
our partnership on the supply side with Marriott in terms of their wholesale distribution partnership.
And we are extending that partnership to similar partnerships to optimize distribution with other chain
partners. And we think that's going to be a great opportunity to help our supply partners and also build
our B2B business.

So a lot of exciting things going on there, including extending a lot of the technological advances we've
made on our platform. Things we've talked about before, like our voice, our conversation platform, which
we had externalized to some of our B2B partners. And now we've done that with our advertising platform,
media services, MeSo, we call it. So there's a number of places we've been able to take advantage of the
improvements technologically in our B2B business, so lots more to go there.

And finally and perhaps most importantly, the underpinning technical platform and architecture that we
have talked about, that work continues. It is big, structural, foundational work. It is part of what helps
us on the efficiency side. We've had great wins on the cloud and licensing areas, which we've talked
about before, but there's a thousand small wins across the business. I'm getting out of the business of
talking about little wins here and there until they're really noticeable and impactful. But the whole idea
of putting that platform together, rearchitecting it for the future was so that we could be agile, make
these improvements that we'll win across much more of the business, not just the brands, but the B2B
businesses. And we're starting to unlock those things, and obviously a lot more work to do here. But we're
doing as much as we can, as fast as we can while we suffer through COVID.

And with that, I will turn it over to Eric, except to say that we obviously can't control what's going on
there, out there in the travel market or in the scientific community. We are hoping for all the same things
you are in terms of vaccine and other treatments that will help us get through this. We do believe that
people have been, up until this recent wave, getting increasingly comfortable with the idea of traveling.
This will obviously have an impact, this recent wave, but it will remain bumpy and unpredictable. And we
can't control that.

In the meantime, our teams are highly focused internally. And I'll just say, I want to thank our teams
that have done tremendous work in a very unpleasant environment and really done a lot to help our
customers, help our suppliers, help the company do better, and also importantly done some very
hard work around how we manage our human resources and how we structure our organization. And
unfortunately, we had to make some significant moves on people, which is, of course, the worst work we
do. But the teams have done a terrific job, and I'm very optimistic about the work they're doing for the
future.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

And with that, I'll turn it over to Eric.

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Thanks, Peter. And thanks, everyone, for joining as well.

While we continue to see significant year-over-year declines in our business in the third quarter, taking
into account the impact that COVID is having on travel, our financial performance was better than
we expected, with over $300 million in adjusted EBITDA and reaching essentially cash flow neutral in
September for the first time since February. As you know and I've discussed in previous quarters, we are
keenly focused on driving margin expansion, which largely falls within 3 buckets: resetting the fixed cost
base, reducing variable cost of revenue and increasing marketing efficiency. I'm going to touch on each of
those individually.

So first on fixed cost base. As you'll recall, we started the year targeting $300 million to $500 million
in annualized savings. And we were tracking ahead of that amount as of our last call. Since then, we've
identified additional headcount reductions in certain areas and incremental opportunities across the P&L to
drive efficiency in areas like real estate and software and licensing.

We are now targeting $700 million to $750 million in annualized run rate savings compared to our 2019
exit rate, and we've already actioned over $550 million. As you project this forward, please keep in mind,
we'll have annual increases in the remaining cost base and also make targeted investments in some areas.
But overall, we've made great progress on fixed cost. And longer term, our platform operating model will
position us to scale the business far more efficiently going forward.

On variable cost of revenue, there are 3 primary areas we're targeting. First is on our payments platform.
We're lowering our transaction fees and improving economics on our virtual cards that we use for
merchant payments. Second is we're extending the conversations platform to handle more customer
calls through self-service and virtual agents to lower our customer service costs. And we're reducing our
variable portion of cloud spend with the optimization efforts we've already executed and will continue to
do so.

Given the variable costs are volume-based, these savings will not be fully evident until we return to
normalized operating levels. We still have work to do in these areas, but I wanted to give some context.
But if we overlay what we believe we can achieve on these initiatives on our 2019 business level, they
would collectively deliver savings of over $200 million, which is incremental to the $700 million to $750
million fixed cost savings that I mentioned previously.

The third area of margin improvement is around marketing efficiency. As we've discussed, we expect the
combination of operating at higher ROIs, the benefits of lower variable cost and optimization across our
brands to result in lower direct marketing expense as a percent of revenue over time.

Turning to our Q3 results. The impact from COVID-19 continue to distort some areas of our P&L, but the
bookings improvement that started in the middle of Q2 led particularly by Vrbo and the progress on cost
initiatives led to the improved profitability in the quarter. ADRs in our lodging business increased 8% due
to solid ADR growth at Vrbo and a mix shift to Vrbo, which carry significantly higher ADRs than hotels.
Hotel ADRs declined double digits, but improved sequentially from Q2.

Revenue per room night grew 14% in the quarter, also boosted by the mix shift to Vrbo. In addition, with
Vrbo's shift to merchant of record over the past year, we now recognize transaction fees as revenue, which
added to the growth in revenue per room night. Do keep in mind that the fees recognized as revenue
are largely offset by merchant expenses and cost of revenue. And lastly on take rate, the product mix
shift from air to lodging as well as the incremental merchant-related revenue at Vrbo contributed to the
elevated 17% revenue take rate in the quarter.

Moving on to cost. The progress we made on the margin expansion initiatives I've mentioned are
becoming evident in our P&L. On overhead costs, which include indirect selling and marketing, tech and
content and G&A collectively declined 29%. Excluding trivago, about 2/3 of the overhead savings stemmed

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

from our fixed cost savings initiatives, with the balance from temporary cost savings related to the current
environment.

On cost of revenue, they declined 32%. Two items impacted the year-over-year comparison. First is
incremental transaction costs related to Vrbo's shift to merchant of record, which are highest in Q3
due to Vrbo's seasonality. And then second, they were offset partially by a benefit from the disposal of
Bodybuilding.com. Excluding these 2 factors, cost of revenue was down 40% year-over-year. And as we
noted, we expect to deleverage on cost of revenue until booking volumes return closer to normalized
levels.

On direct marketing, we continue to see leverage on direct marketing expenses. We are prudently
increasing activity and brand marketing campaign and in performance marketing options where we see
demand, but intend to remain disciplined and lean toward profitability.

On our segment results, our retail segment performed significantly better than B2B. Retail benefited from
growth at Vrbo in the quarter and the higher mix of business in North America, which has seen stronger
recovery than Europe. Meanwhile, the slower recovery in corporate travel impacting Egencia is a drag on
the B2B segment.

On cash flow and balance sheet, our reported free cash flow was nearly negative USD 1 billion in Q3. The
biggest driver was approximately $670 million working capital impact from Vrbo's merchant bookings,
mainly due to a seasonal decline in Vrbo's deferred merchant bookings given the increased stays over
the summer. But as we've noted, Vrbo's merchant bookings largely flows through restricted cash. If you
exclude the working capital impact from Vrbo merchant bookings, free cash flow was approximately
negative $325 million as the seasonal working capital impact from the decline in deferred merchant
bookings, plus other cash items such as CapEx and interest, more than offset our adjusted EBITDA in Q3.

On deferred merchant bookings, they declined a total of $1.4 billion in Q3 to $3.2 billion or $2.5 billion
excluding deferred loyalty. Vrbo was the biggest contributor to the decline as it ended Q2 with a relatively
higher balance, and the seasonality of its stayed room nights is even more weighted to Q3 than the rest of
our business. In addition, booking windows have been significantly shorter than usual, which reduces our
outstanding deferred booking balance.

On our capital structure, as we noted last quarter, in July we opportunistically raised $1.25 billion in debt.
Subsequently, we repaid the $750 million notes that matured in August and used the funds raised in July
to repay $1.25 billion of our outstanding revolver draw to reduce interest expense. We currently have
$650 million drawn on our revolver.

As at the end of the third quarter, unrestricted cash and short-term investments totaled $4.4 billion.
Excluding the capital markets activity I just mentioned, cash declined roughly $325 million, similar to our
free cash flow, excluding the Vrbo merchant activity. And total cash was essentially flat in September for
the first time in February. In addition, amounts held in restricted cash and other noncash balance sheet
assets covered nearly 60% of our deferred merchant booking balance, excluding deferred loyalty.

Looking ahead to Q4 adjusted EBITDA, as you can imagine, it's a very difficult environment in which to
forecast or predict the business and also will result in a wider range of outcomes. With our current trading
volumes and what we're seeing in the business, we do expect Q4 adjusted EBITDA to be negative.

There are 2 primary factors that are contributing to it. One is Q4 is seasonally a quarter with lower
revenue and profit, so it's just lower relative to our cost basis. And then number two, given the recovery in
lodging bookings has essentially plateaued relative to the recovery over the summer months, we currently
expect the revenue decline to be in a similar range as it was in Q3.

In closing, this remains a tough environment for our business, and we're going to be dealing with the
COVID impact for the foreseeable future. But as Peter mentioned, we have clear priorities that our teams
are making great progress on, and we're confident the actions we're taking now will benefit us through the
recovery and over the long term.
Operator, we're ready to take our first question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank.

Lloyd Wharton Walmsley
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Two, if I can. First, just wanted to make sure I understood you correctly earlier. When you said, I think
you said the core fixed cost savings target is now $700 million to $750 million. But then you said you've
been able to reduce variable costs, if I heard you right, which overlaid on 2019, for example, would be
an additional $200 million in savings, so approaching $1 billion on kind of a normalized basis. So the
question is just, did I catch that right? And does it feel like you're getting to the kind of edges of the scope
of savings there given the magnitude we're talking about?

And then the second one would just be, as you work to bring all the marketing data from separate brands
into kind of a consolidated kind of new data storage for marketing, is it early enough that you can see
some early learnings or is it too soon to say? And any sense for the timing on when you guys will be in a
place where you feel good about that transition?

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Yes. Peter, do you want me to take the first? Yes. I'll take the first, you take the second.

So on the first, yes, you did hear correctly. So the $700 million to $750 million is on a fixed cost basis.
It's in relation to the $300 million to $500 million that we spoke of earlier in the year. Of the $700 million
to $750 million, we've actioned $550 million of that. So we are feeling like we are making good progress
against it.

We, of course, continue to leave no stone unturned. And just as we continue to work through it, we get
more costs that we've identified. We get confidence in those that we get better line of sight in. And then
also obviously we've actioned a fairly large percentage of it.

So yes, it's the $700 million to $750 million on a fixed cost basis. And then the incremental $200 million
on the variable costs of sales, which then approaches, to your math, approximately $1 billion in savings.

Now you mentioned it, but I just want to reiterate it as well. That is on the 2019 exit rate, if you will, so
that those numbers presume that we're back in a range that is approximately at the 2019 levels.

And then lastly, there will be some offsets to that over time. You can imagine inflation on contracts or
increases in headcount costs, et cetera. So there will be some offsets, but we feel pretty confident in the
numbers that we're going after and the teams are doing a great job.

And I guess there was the last part of your question just around, are we reaching the edge of it? And I
would say, we're still flipping over rocks, but it's diminishing returns to a certain extent. So I would say the
range that we shared with you is sort of the probability of just where we think that we'll get.

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Yes. And Lloyd, I'll just jump in on the other question. I would say the answer is no. It's not wired
together yet in a way that we can see the early wins. I think we are getting closer, but it's not simply a
matter of taking 3 different groups and putting them together. I've mentioned on previous calls that we've
been also consolidating all our data and the dozen -- 17 data lakes into hopefully one soon. And all of
these things are kind of linked together.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

So there's a lot of great work going on. I think we are getting closer. And I'm excited about what we're
going to be able to see when we can see the granular level of detail and profitability by customers, by
geos, by everything, which we haven't had the granularity we'd like. And that has made us, I would say,
a blunter instrument than we'd like to be. And we believe there's significant big gains from getting us all
wired together. And that again is why we're willing to make short-term trade-offs to do that important
work to get that done, but we haven't seen any early returns yet. It will be a while still.

Lloyd Wharton Walmsley
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Impressive job on the cost side, guys.

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Yes. And just one other quick add to that, and thanks for the question again is, we are still taking the
actions to achieve those numbers. So I just want to make sure as you're building those in, there's the
lens of, we need the volume to come back to see particularly on the variable cost side. And we are still
actioning these. And as I mentioned, the $550 million on the fixed cost side is going to take us still some
time to get to the gap of that in the $700 million to $750 million. And the same thing on the cost of
revenues as well. It will take us a bit of time to get there, but that's what we're shooting for and what we
think we'll get.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Naved Khan from Truist Securities.

Naved Ahmad Khan
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Yes, just a couple, one on the cost side. Eric, you called out the incremental $200 million in variable cost
savings, and you named 3 areas. If you try to think about the relative magnitude of savings in each of
these areas, how would you stack them up or a number of them?

And then I had a question on the gross bookings side. So you talked about plateauing in October
versus Q3. Is that overall for the business or just the U.S.? How should we think about that? And is that
plateauing on gross bookings or on net basis? How should we think about that?

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Yes. I'll take the first one. And Peter, perhaps you can take the second one, but I'm happy to take it as
well.

But on the cost of revenue, there's 3 components. There's the conversation platform, the cost of savings,
the credit card and the variable. And I would effectively put them in that order to a certain extent. But I
think the one that has the largest opportunity for us is on the conversation platform.

We are historically primarily a phone-based contact center type of conversation with customers and with
our supply partners as well. And with the technology that we've developed, we have the ability to move a
lot of those either to self-service or virtual agent. And on the virtual agent side, you're able to get more,
service more customers, if you will, per agent.

And so both of those add leverage to the system. And we've really started the rollout into that. We've
gotten good NPS scores and good returns, if you will, from doing that. And it's really a process of rolling
that out, making sure that we have more and more use cases, we get it embedded into the right flows into
the site, into the mobile apps as well.

And I think that is likely the largest opportunity. And then credit card costs and variable cloud as well are
meaningful, but I would say that those 2 are a distant second, if you will, after the conversation platform
opportunity.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Yes. And then I guess, Eric, you can follow on, and I'll do color commentary on that one.

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Yes. On the volume side, like this recovery is going to be a series of many stories. And so if you take hotel,
for instance, and I could say that, that's been flat for the last couple of months. But if you deaverage that
number, what you actually end up seeing is that there are areas that are flat to declining and there are
areas that are gradually improving.

And so using a hotel as the example, Europe has been more challenged. Peter already mentioned that.
And they've got even more challenged over the last week or 2 just given the increasing lockdowns that are
reoccurring. Whereas the U.S. has a more steady increase over time on the hotel side. We will see what
happens with the Wave 3 that's occurring right now and something that we're looking at very closely.

But as we say it's plateaued, it's actually many stories underneath. And I think we're going to see the
same thing. We've got international versus domestic. And we wait in some regions of the world and one
versus the other. And that's the series of many stories that will make up how we see overall the business
is performing.

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Yes. And the only color I'd add to that is our numbers also include bookings from B2B partners and people
in other parts of the area. So it makes the many stories even more vast in terms of our exposure to
different geographies or exposure to different types of business.

So I would say thinking of it as a whole is probably the simplest way, but all things being equal with
the trend the way they are in the last 2 weeks, probably good news that we're weighted towards North
America. But there have been times when it's been something else. And we wish we had more China
business since domestic China is doing quite well relative to the rest of the world.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from RBC.

Mark Stephen F. Mahaney
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Two questions, please. You mentioned market share, but in North America, do you see any evidence of
material market share shifts amongst the different providers, Airbnb, Booking, Expedia?

Secondly, you mentioned those 3 areas of cost efficiency, the fixed, the variable, and then you talked
about performance marketing. Can you just drill down a little bit more on performance marking? I
know you've had some pretty bold robust plans for bringing performance marketing efficiencies. And
then all of a sudden, we had COVID. Is it clear to you that you've got enough evidence that there are
newfound efficiencies in performance marketing? It's still TBD to when we get real robust recovery in
travel conditions. Just spend a little bit more time, please, on performance marketing efficiencies.

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Peter, are you there? Did we lose you?

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry. Yes. I'll jump in. I was saying I'll take the second one first, and then you can
remind me the first one.

I would say on the Performance marketing side, you are correct. We have talked historically about bringing
more efficiency out of it, getting our return on marketing better, more precise, et cetera. The problem was
I think that was to, to some extent, wishful thinking because we did not have all the data, all the tooling
and all the approaches synchronized, if you will. We let brands compete. That has some dis-synergies
that never were quantified, but certainly existed. We did not have the benefit of all the data because each
brand had its own data and on and on and on.

So I am positively optimistic that when we have all data flows right and we have all the algorithms
rewritten for that and when we have the tooling right, there should be significant upside for us in actually
bringing out that return that you've heard about over these many years. I think that is what is required.
And it is real, and we will get to it. We have to do it obviously. We haven't done it yet.

But to otherwise sort of mess around the idea of taking one brand higher or lower, doing this with a
very blunt set of instruments, and I think candidly it was optimistic to think we could do a lot better.
We certainly could have run more profit at the expense of share. That we certainly made some trades
for share over a profit historically. And we certainly make trades like that in certain geos and for certain
reasons over time.

But I think more broadly, the opportunity to just perform better is really unlocked by stringing all of those
work together and really making it powerful. So I'm a total believer in it and I think it will happen. But we
haven't done it yet, so we have to do it.

And then sorry, Mark, your first question? I apologize.

Mark Stephen F. Mahaney
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Yes. Do you think that there's clear signs of a market -- you brought up market share. Have there been
any signs of market share shifts in North America?

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Yes. I think, well, definitely, you've seen alternative get an outsized share relative to where it was. And
we've been beneficiaries of some of that. Airbnb have been beneficiaries of some of that. So the more
concentrated you are towards the things, the use cases that are working well, I think you're going to get
share benefits.

More broadly, I think share has moved around for a lot of little reasons, and you're dealing with low
volumes. So I look at markets where we points move around. And then you look at the dollars related to
it, and they're tiny. And you say, okay, it doesn't really matter. It could just be a bad weekend or good
weekend.

But I think nothing we're seeing portends to anything for the future for like a long-term effect. I don't
think there is anything that suggests anyone's winning or losing in a way that will give them long-term
benefit. I think for us with Vrbo, we believe it's really good for the brand and people are getting a lot of
exposure to that use case. And people are seeing how nice that vacation can be. I don't think that means
that people will never go back to hotels, but I think it helps us relative to Airbnb. So that's good for us.

And I think beyond that, we don't expect anything going on in any single geo or overall is really a long-
term effect, which is partly why we're not overly exercised if we're not perfectly tuned as a machine on the
performance marketing side because none of this is, with levels down 50, 60, whatever, plus percent in
certain markets, it's hard to think that any of that is sustainable or meaningful for the long term. So that's
been our approach.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan from UBS.

Eric James Sheridan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Maybe two, if I can, following up on some of the topics talked about so far. On Vrbo, with the success
you're seeing in terms of the demand and the new customers that are coming into the platform, is there
anything to call out in terms of your go-to-market strategy, your marketing strategy, that you might
think portend for sort of longer term better returns on marketing spend or margin structure in Vrbo as a
business?

And then on your brand strategy and sort of the realignment of the marketing platform, are you also at
the same time thinking through whether you need to be in the same number of brands? What I'm saying,
scope of brands on a multiyear view towards an eye of like managing a mix of sort of growth versus
profitability?

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Sure. So let me do Vrbo first. Yes. Well, a few things.

One, there's a lot of work that's been going on over the last several months on Vrbo and its margins
in terms of -- Eric mentioned or we've mentioned in the past. Bringing it on to our payments platform,
that's been good for us, saves us money with a third-party provider, allowed us to use power of Expedia's
payment platform, which itself is getting stronger every day and more efficient. So those kinds of benefits
are there.

There's work being done on the consumer process, on the fees and other things where we think we're
under market. So I think we've had opportunity and we found opportunity to expand margins at Vrbo.

But to your bigger question, we definitely think that we did not land the Vrbo rebranding as strongly as
we wanted to, that there is opportunity now, given that so many people are using it and the use case is so
attractive right now and that we are concentrated in whole home, which is like the most effective part of
the alternative market right now, that we intend to and are already pushing into a much more aggressive
plot to broadly push the brand. We've turned the brand over in a few more markets in Europe just a few
weeks ago, and we will keep pushing. But yes, there's an opportunity there, and we think that is a place
we want to be more bold even in a down market, and we will continue to be pushing into that.

To your second question about how many brands we have, yes, we have a lot. We certainly won't keep
any that we don't think makes sense. But right now, we think the number of brands creates opportunity
as long as we have segmented them and thought about them geographically, et cetera, to their greatest
effect. So my big push has been if we have a brand frankly that maybe none of you have heard of, like
what is in Australia, that is our strongest brand for the moment in Australia, then we need to concentrate
on building that brand and not worry about whether it's Expedia or Hotels.com or anything else. Likewise,
Vrbo has a different brand, a different company that acquired in Australia that we're not going to change
that brand because it's a strong local brand and we should push into it.

We have historically had this record of, okay, we have existing brand or we buy brand. We're also going to
push Expedia into that market. We're also going to push Hotels. And that kind of, I would say, took away
the value of multi-brand because it didn't allow us to optimize for each one.

So that's why we're doing the segmentation work. That's why we're trying to figure out what the
proposition is for each brand. Some brands, admittedly, we have historically run for more profit, whereas
obviously we have pushed -- we are looking at the whole kind of plate of options and driving the best
result by country, by brand that we can. And that may mean we close some brands in some countries.
That may mean potentially some brands will stop. But we have no intention right now to do that, but we
are looking at the whole thing and trying to optimize for it all. But we think, in general, having more gives
us the opportunity to do more if we do it smartly.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Deepak Mathivanan from Barclays.

Deepak Mathivanan
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just a couple of ones on Vrbo. So first, can you talk about where you are currently in terms of in a
merchandising Vrbo's augmented accommodations inventory on Expedia and Hotels.com? Is that
something that you're seeing benefits from currently? Is like this is a perfect time to kind of channel logo
inventory at a higher level into your other strong brands since consumers are looking for that type of
inventory?

And then second question related to it, how you feel about the inventory levels on Vrbo, particularly given
the strong demand that's there for alternative accommodations? Are there any markets where there is
inventory pressure on Vrbo at this time?

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Sure. So a couple of things there. I would say on the latter part, no. We've seen some pressure over
the summer, a little bit in a few markets, but we haven't generally seen literally no inventory. There's a
few spots. But in summer, recall, was everybody heading headlong into the only alternative they were
comfortable doing. So there was a really acute demand spike there.

We do think there's more opportunity to serve whole home opportunity. And I think we will continue to
try to grow our inventory. The question is, and obviously anywhere we see demand, we will want to drive
inventory. The question longer term is, we have historically had deficit in pricing studies and those kinds
of use cases, and that is a bigger strategic question for us. It's a place where Airbnb obviously has made
great hay, although it hasn't helped them during COVID. Likewise Bookings has done a nice job with city-
based inventory, and to your point, a more integrated experience.

And so sort of moving on to that question, the product is not great when it comes to surfacing vacation
rental opportunities or alternative foundations through our main OTA brands. We've been slow to get
there and it's not where we want it to be. It's definitely an opportunity, but we have found that there is
a little bit of a conflict from the standpoint of, people don't generally go to our OTA brands for alternative
accommodations. It's not what they think of. So even though it's there and present, it hasn't performed
perhaps the way you or I might think it would.

So I think we've got a combination of work we need to do on that front, which is we can definitely make
significant improvement in the product and how the content will surface, how people see alternative
accommodations and where they see it and et cetera, but also we need to lean into it. And we need to
market particular places where our big OTAs have good reach and brand recognition and Vrbo does not. It
may well be more sensible for us to lean into -- get a vacation home on Expedia as opposed to trying to
introduce the Vrbo brand.

So we are looking at all that. I would say dual work streams where we're trying to materially improve the
product experience with alternative accommodations on the main OTAs, and then how do we market that
and how do we test to push that into those markets.

And I'll say that seems like that would be job one, and we'd be all after it because of the appeal of
alternative right now. You have to keep in mind that we are rearchitecting literally our entire technical
infrastructure and platform. And some of these things have to sort of get prioritized. And it's in the works,
but it's not the only thing we're working on.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America.

Justin Post

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

My first question on hotel supply, are you seeing any inroads there or good deals on Expedia that you
might otherwise get any reason for consumers to come directly to Expedia versus other sites?

And then secondly, thanks for the Vrbo update. I know you said it grew in 3Q. I'm assuming that's
bookings and revenues. Can you give us a year-to-date update on Vrbo?

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Eric, you want to start to answer the second one, I'm not sure we can.

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

I don't think -- we've not shared or disclosed on the Vrbo. The year, I would say, we are healthily up
for the year. We clearly had the spike in June just given the summer compression where people felt
comfortable traveling. We continue to be up year-on-year in Q3, let's call it, at more reasonable levels
than June. But both revenue and gross bookings were up year-on-year, and I think you can extrapolate
back to the start of the year as well.

Justin Post
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Got it. And then on hotel supply?

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Yes. On the hotel supply side, we have obviously among the most competitive hotel supply buy in the
world. There's not a lot of discounting that is unique to them. The hotels are discounting, but I don't think
there discounting is unique to us. And I think what we provide, what Expedia provides obviously beyond
just very good value, is a bunch of ways to find what you want, a bunch of ways to book multi-product,
a way to do everything in one place. So there are a lot of offerings with Hotels.com Hotels.com, you get
very robust rewards. So there's other offerings that are differentiating for us on the brand side, including
where we're trying to go with a product to get a much better personalization, helping make good value
choices, et cetera, so.

I would say that is where we have to push our business, the differentiated hotel supply, even when we
can get it is usually not sustainable. It's not like something that's consistent, but we do want our hotels
to be in a better position to optimize our platform. So we are doing an inverse, which is trying to give
them better data so that they can be much more effective at pricing and moving into where they want to
move on our platform. So if that's suites or certain kinds of rooms or whatever, we want to be giving them
inbound information, so they can understand the market, understand where there's opportunity to price
up or down to gain both rooms, et cetera.

So that's where we're pushing, and we think that's going to make us a much more valuable partner for the
suppliers. But I don't think it's going to be about if you get a $5 better deal than the next person. I think
it's really going to be about how you can help them build their business.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman from Cowen.

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I just have a quick follow-up on Vrbo. If you could comment on the seasonality patterns there that you're
seeing into Q4 and the current environment, are you seeing any change there, any kind of continued shift
into Vrbo even as we get outside of what is typically the peak season?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Yes.

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Sorry, go ahead.

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

No, no, no.

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Thanks for the question. Vrbo is I mentioned earlier, it is much more seasonal than the rest of our
business. So it's concentrated in the summer months, even more so than North America given summer.
So we would naturally expect to see it come down into Q3 and into Q4, and that is what we're seeing. It
continues to be at healthy rates and continues to be a product that I think consumers, in the environment
that we're in, in particular, find compelling to be able to continue to travel. So you can think about the
normal travel seasonality of looking in the early part of the year to stay in the middle part of the year and
then less activity in the latter part of the year just magnified in Vrbo relative to the rest of travel.

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Right. And then -- go ahead.

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

No. I was just going to add that, that is an area we believe there's opportunity. And a lot of the advertising
and marketing we've been doing with Vrbo have to do with sort of staycations, if you will, in North
America where kids may not be going to school, people may not be going to work. Sort of take your life
somewhere else, and we think there is opportunity to break some patterns while this going on, but that is
just a COVID-centric issue.

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then longer term I think on a like-for-like basis, Vrbo's take rate has been a little bit lower than
traditionally you would get with hotel. How do you see that playing out longer term in terms of revenue
take rate?

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Yes. I'm happy to take that one. Thanks for the question again. There is a gap between us and Airbnb in
particular. And it's something that we do feel that it gives us a bit of an advantage with consumers, but it
is something that we are looking at. This is something that we test. We do think there are opportunities to
increase monetization over time. But I would say there continues to be a gap. We are actively looking at
that. We are actively testing it. And I do think that there is upside in our monetization over time.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Jed Kelly from Oppenheimer.

Jed Kelly
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Thanks. Just on Vrbo just circling back, I mean can you talk about the supply into the winter travel
season? It seems like that's going to be premium supply, and how you think you're there.

And then just a follow-up on virtual agent, I mean, what's your confidence level in virtual agent as travel
volumes start to normalize? Like is that just around handling normalized volumes?

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Yes. So just on the Vrbo supply, I think we are well equipped and well put. We think we have lots of
good value, high value inventory show up in lots of places people want to go in the winter, be that for
Thanksgiving, Christmas, et cetera. And we think there's an opportunity that those trips will be longer
in duration than they typically are given school holidays, et cetera, around the U.S. in particular. But we
don't feel like we're deficient on the inventory side. That does not mean we don't have opportunity, and
it doesn't mean we have parity everywhere on everything. But we think we have plenty of inventory to
power a very robust winter season if the demand is there. So we're not worried about that. And sorry, the
second part was...

Jed Kelly
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Confidence around virtual agent.

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Yes. The confidence in the virtual agent. So I would say to you a couple of things. One, despite the fact
that our volumes are down, given COVID, given cancellation rates, given all the issues that travelers have,
I wouldn't necessarily assume that our servicing volume is proportionally down because there's been a
lot of traveler issues going on in the world that have created huge relative spikes in traffic. So we've been
testing the conversation platform into all kinds of use cases. And we will ultimately have it in virtually
everything we do, including our dealings with supply partners and other things. So it is being rolled out
broadly.

As Eric said, the NPS scores have been strong on it. People generally like to deal with a machine if
they can and just get it over with and not have to talk to a person. It's not true universally, but that
seems to be true for most people. And we feel very good about it. So it's scaling up. It's a platform
tool. It's the kind of tool we want to have in our company, across the company, that we have a platform
technology that needs to be taught and taught different use cases and applied consistently. So we have
high confidence in its ability to continue to roll out and handle as much traffic as comes in. So no issues
there.

Operator

We will now take our final question, Lee Horowitz from Evercore ISI.

Lee Horowitz
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just one if I could. Peter, you had mentioned some of your North American suppliers seeing greater direct
bookings perhaps as people shop less. I'm wondering if you would comment at all on your mix of direct
bookings in the quarter, how that may be trending, what you're seeing through this crisis and perhaps
your view on how sustainable those trends may be beyond COVID?

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Yes, surely. I would say that what we've seen is, mix-wise, we've mixed towards a lot more direct traffic.
App bookings are up considerably. Direct is up considerably. But I would caution anyone from taking too
much from that because we have been less aggressive in the performance market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

So it's a little bit of self-blending, if you will, down to a mix that is more free, which, of course, has
helped all our margins and helped us post the numbers we posted last quarter. But that is inherently in
part because we have taken our foot off the gas in certain areas in terms of performance marketing and
unprofitable performance marketing.

So I think again as we blend back into normalcy, assuming we will be more proficient and have these
tools we've discussed about on the performance marketing side, et cetera, my sincere hope is we can
grow more share through those performance channels at attractive levels and attractive profitability. And I
believe that will happen. And if that's true, of course, we'll mix our way back to a more historical balance.

But the trends have been very good. It's a credit to our brand loyalty or brands loyalty, I guess. And
app has been very strong. And of course, we are putting lots of energy into improving the products for
all those things and making them stickier because while it has gratefully not been a topic today, we do
want to have more direct traffic, avoid the performance marketing pools as much as we can and create
recurring business. So that remains a core goal for us.

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Hey, Peter, before we end, I just wanted to clean up one quick comment I made earlier just on Vrbo on
the year-to-date. Year-to-date, we have seen declines due to the impact earlier this year on COVID. But
Q3 was up year-on-year, and we were growing early in the year before COVID. So just wanted to clean
up the fact that in the early days, if you will, of COVID that if you aggregate them for the year, it is down
relatively, but was up before and up during. I just wanted to clean that up.

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Good. Thank you.

Operator

I will now turn the call back over to Peter Kern.

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Great. Well, thank you, everybody. Appreciate the questions. Hopefully, it helped give you some clarity.

Again, we're keenly focused internally still on everything we talked about. And I suspect our next call will
sound a lot like that. And hopefully, the world's health will get better, and that will help our business along
the way.

But appreciate the time. Thanks again to our people and appreciate you listening and the questions today.
So take care. Bye.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

