Expedia Group, Inc. NasdaqGS:EXPE
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 30, 2020 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(1.36)

Revenue  (mm)

2135.18

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-30-2020 7:59 PM GMT

(3.32)

677.94

NM

(5.21)

2.99

(16.51 %)

6187.46

9185.03

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.67

3.81

1.18

(1.36)

1.77

3.38

1.24

(1.83)

5.99 %

(11.29 %)

5.08 %

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Michael Senno
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

ANALYSTS

Brian Nicholas Fitzgerald
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Christopher Louis Kuntarich
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Deepak Mathivanan
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Eric James Sheridan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

James Edward Heaney
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Jed Kelly
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Lee Horowitz
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Naved Ahmad Khan
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon. My name is Frederica, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I
would like to welcome everyone to the Expedia Group Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to turn the call over to Michael Senno, Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer.

Michael Senno
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Group's financial results conference call for the
second quarter ended June 30, 2020. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by our Vice Chairman and
CEO, Peter Kern; and our CFO, Eric Hart.

The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflect management's views as of today,
July 30, 2020, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always,
some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we
expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic or confident that or similar statements. Please refer
to today's earnings release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which
could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find
reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our
earnings release, which is posted on the company's Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com, and
I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content.

Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and
administrative expense and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation. And all
comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2019. Please note that
depreciation expense is now reported in a separate line item, and prior periods have been restated to
reflect this change.

And with that, let me turn the call over to Peter.

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Thank you very much, Michael, and good afternoon, everyone. I hope everyone has been safe and sound
during this difficult time. As we said in our release, the second quarter was obviously a very challenging
one for the travel industry and for us. But we were pleased to see, generally speaking, that after April,
we had consistent growth out of the trough. And May and June got considerably better. I'd point out that
we view this not simply as a positive for the business in the short term because, obviously, our numbers
remain very challenged relative to prior periods. But I think it speaks to humanity's demand and desire
to travel and that when they can and when the opportunity avails itself and when they feel safe and there
are no restrictions, people are really dying to travel. And we've seen that this summer. And I have every
expectation that we'll continue to see that, hopefully, as the world opens up more.

But we will have a bouncy recovery. There's no question. We've seen virus numbers go up in certain
places. We've seen new restrictions come into certain geographies, and it appears like that will be the
state of the union until things change scientifically. And so we expect this not to be a linear recovery,
obviously, and we expect some bumps in the road. Having said that, there's a lot of things there we
can't control. And so as I said in our last call, we are keenly focused on everything we can control. We're
focused on helping our customers and suppliers, obviously, get through a challenging and complicated
time. We're focused on our own cost structure and making sure we are being efficient. But more broadly,
we're just focused on our internal functioning, our structure, our speed and agility and building for the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

future. And while we recognize it will take time for all of you to see the benefits of all that effort, that is
really our focus.

So in a little bit here, Eric will take you through our second quarter numbers. They are noisy obviously
and, frankly, I don't think terribly telling. I would not try to dissect them. I think it's a waste of a lot of
energy. Most of what's happened is really a function of whatever is going on in the macro world, and we
are a reflection of that. And we are keenly focused on our long-term fixes and strategy and less focused
on the day-to-day tactics of finding another dollar in the marketplace. It doesn't mean we don't care. We
just think there's so much more upside in doing the real foundational work that we need to do. So if you
don't see us chasing every last dollar, that's why we're doing that work.

As far as the work goes, I just want to spend a little time on the things you can't see through the
numbers, which is we talked about simplifying, we talked about accelerating our business, we talked about
pushing through initiatives during the COVID time that might be harder to do in regular times. And we've
made a lot of progress on this front, and there are threads all over our company working towards this.
But just to give you a sense, we took down our HomeAway brand in the U.S., which was something that
was scheduled to take probably another year to do. And we deprecated it just a few weeks ago and have
moved all that traffic to Vrbo, and now we will be a single brand in the U.S., and it will allow us to go much
faster and do more around Vrbo.

We folded our car rentals business in Europe into Brand Expedia, again, a smaller initiative, but just a
way to simplify and allow us to go faster and put our talent against more important projects. We sold
Bodybuilding.com and shut down Pillow and ApartmentJet, which were in our Vrbo business. Again, just
small distracting interesting things we tried but didn't have long-term benefit, we believe. And so we took
the action to simplify the company. And that's really on the brand side and the business side. On the tech
side, perhaps even more importantly, we were able to accelerate a lot of technical projects we had in the
works. And just to name a few here, our Media Solutions business had relied on a third-party vendor for
its auction technology. We brought that technology onto our own platform just a couple of weeks ago
here, that was about a quarter earlier than we expected to. And our teams were able to push that across
the line and now we have that much more time to optimize that platform. And that's not just the cost
savings from no longer licensing a third-party platform, but it also gives us much more latitude to grow
that business and we believe there's a lot of upside there.

Our Hotels.com brand was able to move its mobile traffic to a new platform, again, a project that was
scoped for to take another 6 -- up to another 6 months that we finished in about a month ago. Again,
another opportunity to just accelerate, get things done during the virus and get to the other side.

And finally, just to name one more. We've talked about the opportunity for our virtual agents to help us
on the cost and the customer satisfaction side. It's something you'll hear again and again because it's a
big opportunity for us in one of our better platform technologies. But we launched that on our Egencia
corporate brand. We launched it in the U.S. and France, and that was literally 2 years -- practically, 2
years ahead of schedule. So we've just been moving on every front we can to try to accelerate. And
that's really all about being faster, getting simpler and being able to move the business much more
quickly and agilely. And that's because we really want to be able to attack our big strategic goals. And
those revolve much more around how we use our platform, particularly data, where we have a unique
competitive advantage with the best data set of travel data in the world, where we believe we can help
our customers, our B2B partners and our suppliers make much better decisions, be happier and drive
their own businesses or their business customers and help the customer -- the end customer just make
better decisions that make them happier and make our products stickier, and generally drive the long-term
appeal of our business to a third party. So we are keenly focused on that. That is our long-term goal, and
we have a bunch of tactical work we are pushing through the cleanup runway, if you will, to get there.

And on the supplier side, of course, we continue to push to help our supply partners get stronger and
come out of the COVID times. It's obviously been a challenging time for hoteliers and airlines. We've put
in a relief and recovery program for hotels to help them get back up and running, to help them better
utilize our tools. And likewise, we are looking at air, and we're rebuilding our own air product in a large
part to make it just a better, more fulfilling product for our suppliers. So we are driving a lot there, and we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

believe in obviously helping our supply partners get out of it. But longer term, again, we believe in helping
these partners all make better decisions and drive their business through our platform.

On the more nuts and bolts of it, we know you're all interested in the cost side. We continue to drive
our efficiency programs throughout the company. We've told you before that we had a target of $500
million that we expected to exceed. We've achieved about $400 million of that on a run rate basis. And
again, we expect to do much better than our targets. The reason we're not being highly specific about how
much better is that we're really attacking everything, and there are timing implications to a lot of what
we're doing: contracts that need to be run out, things like re-leasing real estate and other things that just
take time to come into effect. So rather than get caught up in some debate about how much and over
what period, we feel strongly that we'll do better than the $500 million. And I would point out that there
is much more to it than just the $500 million of cost savings that we scope to you before because that
doesn't really take into account the variable side of our business. And that's a place where we have the
opportunity to drive efficiency through bringing down customer service costs with our virtual agents that
we've talked about; bringing down transaction costs by focusing on our payments platform technology
and opportunities there; and then, of course, bringing down our variable marketing costs, where we have
recently put these teams together.

As we've told you before, we've merged our brand groups. We've merged their performance marketing
groups. And there's big opportunities ahead, we believe, in doing the work as a portfolio of brands and
optimizing for that portfolio as opposed to optimizing each brand by itself. Now that is hard work. It is
foundational. Some of you may have noted that we gave up some share in some of the performance
marketing lines in meta and SEM. That is something we willingly have done. As I said, we are not worried
about the nickels right now in a market where there isn't a lot of volume. We are much more focused
on the long-term foundational work to drive the long-term benefits when the volumes really are back
at full scale. But we will continue to refine that. I wouldn't get used to scale the share we were at. I
know there is often debate about can we grow and still be more profitable on the performance side. We
believe, absolutely, we can. But there is a lot of foundational work to get these brands together, to get
their strategies unified and their data unified, and we are doing that work right now as fast as we can. So
as we come out, we will be in the best position to take advantage of that.

And finally, what is probably the main event to most of you, which is, what is the recovery really looking
like? And is there anything to glean from what we've seen? I would say, by and large, we've seen exactly
what you'd expect. April was very tough for everybody. It was the bottom of the trough. We have seen
consistent growth coming out of that. We were down on a net basis 90% for the quarter. But by June,
that was less than down 70%. And booking -- the lodging side of that was considerably better, down less
than 60%. So all of that is a very good trend, but still obviously well below anything we'd like to see in the
business.

As for July, I would say, it's roughly in line with June, slightly off those numbers. And just, Eric will get
into it some more. But just to give you some flavor, what we've seen is Vrbo had a ton of business and
has been a great leader for us out in the recovery. As we got into summer, people obviously have a real
interest in the whole home model and being able to have their families alone and not in shared space, and
so Vrbo really led the way for us. There was a lot of compression in the early part of the booking window
in the early part of the summer. And so as we've got into July, there's a lot of -- it's still quite a strong
business for us and way ahead of our other businesses, but that compression has softened a little bit. On
the flip side, the hotel business has been slightly stronger even into July.

So there are some puts and takes and there's some geographical differences. But in general, July has
plateaued. Cancellation rates have stayed consistent. So we haven't seen a real rise in those in July, so
I think the world has sort of stabilized here. And we'll see what the next few months bring in terms of
restrictions, virus growth, et cetera. And I think that will largely tell the tail.

On the good side, I would just say, in addition to Vrbo being a great driver and the strongest part of
our story. We also saw terrific new customer growth which is just -- this has proven a great opportunity
to introduce a whole new group of people, the Vrbo experience. And I think that will pay longer-term

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

dividends and help cement the Vrbo brand, which, as you know, we pivoted to not that long ago. And I
think that's, again, a great opportunity longer term.

So to wrap up, I would just say, again, we've seen nice recovery from the bottom. It was strong through
May and June and flattish through July. We expect it to be bumpy. Hopefully, we'll have some good and
some bad in there. And it won't be linear. I happen to be a huge believer in the scientific community and
expect them to, with all the great minds working on this, to save us all from ourselves. And we have
seen clearly that the world and -- wants to travel again, wants to get back out and move around. And we
believe as soon as -- every time those opportunities become greater and safer, that people will indeed
take the opportunity to travel.

So with that, again, I would encourage you not to get too caught up in the ups and downs of small
numbers. Broadly, we are focused on the longer term. And we believe we're making real headway, even
though we acknowledge it will take a little while for all of you to see it in the numbers.

And I will turn it over to Eric. Thank you.

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Thanks, Peter, and thank you, everyone, for joining as well. As you can see, our financial results this
quarter are indicative of the severe impact COVID-19 has had on our business and also the rest of the
travel industry as well. As Peter mentioned, we've been focusing our energy on what we can control.
And coming into the year, I discussed several priorities aimed at delivering margin expansion, and that
includes resetting our fixed cost base, improving variable cost of revenue and driving marketing efficiency.
The impact from COVID have made these priorities even more important for us, and I'm pleased with
the progress our teams have already made across these areas, and I expect it will become increasingly
evident in our P&L as our business recovers.

Peter also noted, we're running ahead of our initial cost savings target, and we now expect to exceed $500
million on a run rate basis. Over the last several months, as we've accelerated and deepened our work
across our cost initiatives and identified additional opportunities across the board, whether that's in cloud,
real estate, licensing, procurements, people-related costs. That pushed the expected savings higher. We're
still working across these areas and continue to look for more potential opportunities as we drive efficiency
and simplify how we operate the company.

The progress to date is already evidenced in our overhead cost categories, which collectively declined 22%
in Q2. About half of that year-on-year decline reflects savings achieved thus far from these cost initiatives,
while temporary cost measures related to COVID-19 accounted for the rest. We expect that over the
next few quarters, the temporary benefits will phase out, while the savings from our cost initiatives will
increase.

In addition to the progress on the cost savings initiatives, we're also making nice strides on improving
variable cost of sales. It's not evident in the P&L yet, given the low booking volumes, but we expect the
progress we're making to drive efficiency and customer service, among other areas, and to be another
source of leverage on the P&L as revenue recovers.

Looking at our cost of revenue, as mentioned, it did not scale down with revenue, which is -- given it
was 22% decline. One factor is that only some of the costs are directly variable with revenue. Credit card
processing-related fees are the biggest component and will fluctuate with our merchant revenue. And for
context, that accounted for roughly 1/4 of our cost of revenue in 2019. In Q2, we also had higher bad
debt and customer charge backs related to COVID and also had costs related to Bodybuilding.com before
it was sold.

Customer service costs are tied more to call volume and particularly early in Q2, we saw unprecedented
levels of call volume due to cancellations that required additional staffing. Since April, these costs have
started to decline year-over-year as the environment has stabilized, and we deploy more automation and
self-service tools. Longer term, we believe this is going to be a big opportunity for us to improve variable
costs through further innovation on our virtual agent platform. We expect cost of revenue will remain a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

source of deleverage, while revenue remains depressed, but we do expect it to scale nicely as the business
recovers and contribute to better gross margins as we return to more normalized volumes.

On direct marketing expense, which is another area we're focusing on to drive efficiency, we slowly
restarted marketing as the quarter progressed and demand began to increase. We plan to continue
working our way back into performance and brand marketing as we see demand signals in different
geographies, but we intend to remain disciplined and operate at higher ROIs than in the past, both near-
term and going forward.

As Peter mentioned, the results this quarter are distorted in several ways due to the impact of COVID, and
I want to spend a few minutes going through a few key areas to help you understand what's happening to
the business.

In terms of our lodging results, ADRs were up 1% and revenue per room night increased 15%. On ADRs,
Vrbo which carries higher ADRs and saw ADR growth given the strong demand that Peter talked about
previously, it accounted for a much higher mix of room night than it has historically and more than offset
declines in hotel ADR, a similar dynamic impacted revenue per room night and with the growth driven by
the increase in mix and improved monetization of Vrbo.

Revenue take rate was abnormally high at 21%. While there's a lot of noise in the quarter, the biggest
factor was the impact of lodging cancellations, which are netted out of gross bookings, but do not impact
revenue contributed to the distorted take rate. This metric could remain volatile in the coming quarters
with seasonality and product mix taking a different shape than we usually see.

Air revenue was negative in the quarter, unlike lodging. We recognize air revenue at the time of booking
and make an assumption on cancellation rates. Given the unprecedented disruption to the air business
during the last few months, cancellations were in excess of what we previously estimated. And for certain
types of bookings, we refunded customers their airfare. We also reversed previously recognized revenue
that was based on reaching certain volume thresholds. All of these factors were offset -- the revenue,
which exceeded the low volume of new revenue in the quarter.

Moving on to cash flow and the balance sheet. Free cash flow in the quarter was negative $2.1 billion. And
if you exclude Vrbo's merchant business, most of which goes to restricted cash, free cash flow is closer
to negative $2.2 billion, largely due to the negative working capital impact to fund the decline in deferred
merchant bookings and our adjusted EBITDA loss in the quarter. The negative free cash flow was heavily
weighted to April and improved dramatically by June as booking trends improved and our cost actions took
hold.

On deferred merchant bookings, the decline occurred mostly in April when we faced unprecedented
cancellations and hit trough levels in new bookings. As booking trends improved, deferred merchant
bookings started to increase in June and ended the quarter at $4.6 billion in total or $3.8 billion, excluding
deferred loyalty with Vrbo accounting for most of the increase. Given the portion of Vrbo deferred
merchant bookings, a lot of partners sit in restricted cash, the growth in Vrbo bookings resulted in
restricted cash increasing to $1.3 billion during Q2. Meanwhile, our total unrestricted cash and short-term
invested -- investments ended the second quarter at $5.5 billion, excluding the $1.25 billion debt raise we
closed in July. If you exclude the financing we completed back in May, the decline in cash moderated each
month in Q2 and was down only modestly during June, thanks to the stabilization in deferred merchant
bookings and moderating profit loss. In addition to cash holdings, at the end of the quarter, we held
amounts in restricted cash and other balance sheet assets that covered approximately 60% of outstanding
deferred merchant bookings, excluding deferred loyalty.

Turning to our capital structure. Earlier this month, we opportunistically raised a total of $1.25 billion
and senior unsecured notes across 3- and 7-year tranches with a weighted average coupon of 4.2%.
We currently plan to use these proceeds to redeem the outstanding preferred equity stock when the
redemption premium steps down in May of 2021, which would deliver significant cost savings and reduce
our cost of capital. We continue to have flexibility in our capital structure to reduce our debt load over the
next couple of years, which will be a key capital allocation priority and provides a path to return to our
historical levels as the business recovers.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Overall, we're excited by the improvement in travel demand over the last few months. As Peter talked
about, it shows that consumers love and have a strong desire for travel, and we'll find a way when they
get comfort to do so. Nonetheless, there's still a lot of uncertainty about the virus, and we expect the
recovery will have ups and downs along the way and look different in different geographies depending on
the ability to control the virus, travel restrictions and consumers' general comfort with traveling.

We feel like we are in a great position to participate as travel recovers. But right now, we're primarily
focused on what we can control internally. We're rapidly continuing down the path of reshaping how we
do business. We're on track to come out of this disruption a stronger, more nimble company with better
margins and positioned to deliver attractive growth for the long term.
Operator, we are ready for our first question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Naved Khan with SunTrust.

Naved Ahmad Khan
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

I just have a few. Maybe just on V-R-B-O or Vrbo first. Is there enough supply available to you to fulfill
demand as you look out into the back half? Or is it mostly booked? And then I have a follow-up.

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Sure. Thanks for the question. I would say it's definitely not mostly booked. We have seen certain
compression in a few markets. And in fact, you may have heard that pricing has been higher as our
suppliers have been able to get higher pricing as there's more demand in their markets, but there's very
few markets where we have real issues with sufficient supply to satisfy demand. And certainly, as you look
out over the next several months and into the fall, Christmas season, there's no shortage of supply. This
summer has gotten a little tighter, again, in a few spots, but by and large, there's ample supply around
the globe.

Naved Ahmad Khan
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

That's helpful. And then maybe just on the performance of different geos, as you look back into the July
trends. Anything to call out with respect to performance of Europe and Asia and how that compares with
the U.S. business?

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Sure. I'll just say quickly, and Eric can jump in. I think what we've seen, again, it's one of those things
that rarely surprises you. It's kind of what you think it would be. The U.S. has been strong. And with the
increase in viruses slowed a bit. Europe and Asia have been less strong but slow and steady and kind
of beginning to continuing to improve. We're seeing a few spots of virus issues in Europe. So you never
know. And LatAm has been a little bit more like the U.S., but it's quite small for us.

So I would say it's pretty much exactly what you think it would be based on what you're hearing about
virus and openings, et cetera, and there's no real investor ramp out of that anywhere. I don't know, Eric, if
you want to add anything?

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Yes. The only thing that I would add to it is that the story as we evolve over time, is going to be a series
of micro stories and intersections of different geographies. And just to give you a flavor of that, when you
look at air, that ultimately, if you just look at our overall number, you'd see an improvement from April
through to June and then a slight weakening in July. But if you then split between the various geographies,
North America and LatAm look pretty similar, which will follow a very similar curve that I just mentioned,
whereas EMEA and APAC really haven't recovered very well yet from an air perspective.

If you then look at lodging then, however, it's somewhat of a different story where North America and
EMEA looked the same. So they would follow a curve where April was down quite significantly, but has
rebounded a bit through June and the order of magnitude mentioned previously, but whereas APAC and
LatAm aren't.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

So it's going to be a story of comfort on domestic travel, how much of a given market historically? And in
this environment has domestic versus international, how comfortable people are across lodging versus air.
But hopefully, that will give you a sense for the various curves across 2 major geographies and products.

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Yes. And I would just add before we take another question that on the Vrbo side, one interesting part is
that we have seen historically when you get economic downturns, you often get more people come --
more supply coming into the market. So we do have a hope that we will see, and we have seen some
early signs of more supply coming into the market. So that should help alleviate any inventory issues as
well.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Deepak Mathivanan.

Deepak Mathivanan
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Peter, I wanted to ask you a little bit of a big picture question. Given the trends that you have seen over
the past few months, do you think there is a secular change in consumer behavior towards alternative
accommodations in a more permanent way? Obviously, you have Vrbo, but where do you see incremental
opportunity if this theme becomes sticky and significant for the whole travel industry?

And then the second question is on the market share. You noted that you are willing to lose share gains
in the near-term on the performance marketing channels. How do you think about that share, specifically
something where you would like it to sustain? And is there a level where you would like demand to get to
before you become aggressive in the performance marketing channels?

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Sure. On the first question, I would say I personally don't think there is -- I know there's been a lot
of comments out there from my peers and others about the future of travel. I don't think we've seen
anything to suggest that people's travel behavior will materially change.

I do think that, to your question specific to Vrbo, we are getting a lot of people experimenting with and
hopefully, being very happy and satisfied with the alternative accommodation experience and in particular
for us, Vrbo's main emphasis on the whole home. So I think there may well be people out there who
are not as familiar, either with our brand or with the experience who are now getting to experience it
and having very satisfying great trips. And I think that's a great opportunity for us to create long-term
customer stickiness and value. And as you may know, we've been working over the last couple of years
to get more and more of that alternative product available through our main OTA brands, still a work in
progress, but we are making real inroads there as well.

So I think it will continue to be a great alternative for travelers. But again, I am not one to believe that
anything about what we're going through will be permanent. I recall very well people's commentaries
about the future of travel after 9/11, and the future of New York City after 9/11, all of which turned out
to be untrue. So I am a general optimist in this regard. I think, again, people have shown -- I think travel
is like water, it finds its way. If I can't go international, I'll go domestic. If I don't want to fly, I'll drive. If I
don't want to stay in a hotel, I'll stay in an alternative accommodation, but I don't think we've really seen
long term -- any reason to believe there's long-term behavioral change.

Sorry. And then to your second question on performance marketing. I would say, my comments were
really about the short-term week-to-week little differences. There are blips all over the world, blips in
demand, as Eric talked about, and you can spend all day chasing all of those little blips or you can work
on the foundational work, and we are working on the foundational work. That does not mean, in any way,
that we're willing or desirous of yielding share. It just means that we're trying to keep the team focused

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

on the bigger long-term pot of money as opposed to getting an extra share point in a market that's doing
a little better, but it's still down 70% or something.

So we are willing to make those short-term little changes. We still want to have share. We still want to
drive our rifle share of market, if anything, and I said it last time we spoke, I believe that we can grow
share while growing profitability. That is my strong belief, but we have to do a lot of work to do the
foundational stuff to get there. And I've talked about it before, but being able to optimize for multi-brand
is a complicated exercise. Being able to figure out geographically where we push and where we pull back.
All of those things are going on right now.

So I think, again, we won't land until we come out of this, but we have no general thesis that we're going
to give up x many share points for x much profit. We would like to keep our share and just be much, much
more profitable and thereby be able to drive even more share. And that is our goal.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer & Co.

Jed Kelly
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Can you just talk about the flexibility in your brand spending in the latter part of 4Q? If hopefully, I'm
optimistic here that we get some positive data on the vaccine news and travel could be recovering your
flexibility on brand.

And then just on Vrbo. Can you talk about -- are you benefiting on the shoulder seasons and fall bookings
with people being able to work from home? And can you talk about the Vrbo booking window?

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Sure. Thanks for the questions. I would say on the Vrbo part, we are focusing on the new realities around
working from home. We have been pushing a variety of campaigns around helping people with that idea,
homework, home school, the importance of WiFi and kinds of products like that in this changed world. And
as many of you are probably experiencing, the question of the school year and how kids will go back-to-
school, varies greatly across the U.S., let alone the world. And so I think there will be kind of different and
unique opportunities to capitalize on that.

We are using some campaigns, testing some things out. We do think the fall will be different than it has
historically been. We do think the Christmas season could well be different, whether it's just longer or
we have seen over the summer, these extended booking windows, where people are booking for longer
periods of time as they just decamp to somewhere different with their family for a month. And I think we'll
still see some trends like that. But it's too early to tell what that fall -- honestly, what the fall will really
look like.

And I think, candidly, that's because of all the uncertainty in the world. But people still don't know if
their kids are physically going to go to school or not or are they going to need to go into work or not, all
of those things. So I think as we get some clarity on that, which, of course, is coming in the month of
August. In large part, I think we'll start to get a better picture.

As far as the brand spring goes, it's a lot of tools to push our brands. Some of them are historically the
classic linear television or, to that matter, all the new on demand or streaming services that include
advertising. There's obviously digital products that can be used for branding and video as well as
performance. So we have a lot of different levers to push on. I would say we have a fair amount of latitude
to dial things up. We want to. We have obviously dialed things down considerably.

But again, during the period, going back to sort of being really internally maniacally focused, and we're
focused on brand separation. We're doing a lot of work around our branding around -- particularly our
brand in Brand Expedia to really define a brand stands for us, separate and apart from hotels and Vrbo, et
cetera. So there's a lot of really good work going on, and I think we'll be in an excellent position to kind of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

go through the stages of recovery as people start to get more comfortable and we land some messaging
around that. And then with a big push when things get more normalized, about where we want to put and
place each brand and what each brand is going to stand for.

So that's important work. Candidly, we haven't done it that way ever as one group, defining each brand
and each brand proposition. We're busily doing that work. We just put those groups together a couple,
maybe not even 2 months ago.

So we will be ready. We will have ample capital when the market's ready, and I think we will have much
better brand separation and positioning for the future when we're ready to pull the trigger on all. So -- but
certainly, we have many ways to do it. And frankly, each brand is effective in different ways and different
lanes. So some brands have had great success with YouTube, others have been strong in classic television,
and others have found other ways. So we have a lot of tools to use.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman.

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

So a question on the revenue trend. You noted that new bookings in June were down about 45%, and
then, fell off a little in July. Can you help us translate that new bookings metric directionally into what it
would mean for revenue given some of the puts and takes there?

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Yes. I'll take that one. I mean generally -- I guess there's a couple of components I would point to in
there. Cancellations -- just going back in time and the impact of COVID, cancellations obviously spiked
in the April and March time line. Those have largely come back down to near but still elevated historical
levels. I point that out because obviously that was a big driver of volatility in our P&L. There's -- when you
look at the ADRs and revenue, rev per room night, the reason I'm pointing -- I'm pointing out a couple
of current areas that may be different than historical so that there may be some noise. On the ADR side,
you saw that go up or increase 1% and that 45% number that you mentioned. That ADR is driven by
Vrbo. ADR is higher because of strong demand, where mix in the Vrbo, but our -- that offsets double-digit
decreases in hotel. And then revenue per room night has some of the similar impacts as well, so I would
say that the P&L is going to be noisy. And I just gave you a few examples of how the amount of noise that
has flowed through in Q2. So I would love to say that it's got -- that whatever the range falls in July and
for the rest of the quarter, we'll hit our P&L in a way that it has historically or as we've seen in last year, if
you will. But as Peter and I both mentioned, there is a bunch of noise. I think Q2, at least the latter part of
Q2, probably gives us some indication, but it's going to be a bit noisy over the next few months. So I can't
give you a definitive answer, if you will.

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then if I could just ask one other question. Can you talk about what you're
seeing in Europe? And to what extent has Europe travel been picking up? And is that having a meaningful
impact for Expedia in terms of offsetting their kind of recent role in the U.S.?

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Yes. I was going to say -- I would say Europe was a bit slower than the U.S. to pick up. I think we've
mentioned that a number of different times during the fundraising process, et cetera., where the U.S.
started rebounding earlier, particularly in lodging, particularly, as Peter mentioned, and the intersection of
domestic drive to and whole homes, whereas EMEA was slower. Now we have seen EMEA, on the lodging
side start to recover a bit. It's just more of a methodical improvement over time. I mentioned earlier on
air, air is challenged more so than hotel in both geographies. And I would say what we've seen thus far in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Europe is -- continues to be quite challenged. There's a different mix between domestic and international
in Europe versus the U.S. And even though in the U.S. air is still quite low; in EMEA, you just got the high
rate of international travel and there's just a lot of uncertainty that remains. So Europe continues to be
pretty tepid on the air side. So good signals in EMEA. Time will tell. Slow on the air side.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS.

Eric James Sheridan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Maybe one for each of you. Peter, just understanding the industry dynamic, with demand where it is,
anything you're seeing interesting on the supply side of either more alternative accommodations being
listed broadly on a global basis or hotels more willing to work with the OTAs? Typically, if you go back and
look historically, those are periods of time where the OTAs tend to gain some share of supply when end
demand has never been as low as this, but low generally. So I'm just curious what you might be seeing on
the supply side as opposed to the demand side, looking at the marketplace.

And then, Eric, you made a point in the 8-K of the merchant liabilities starting to improve. Wanted to just
get a check in on the balance sheet, how you guys are thinking about merchant liabilities, is it a drag? Has
that stabilized? And how should we be thinking about aligning the balance sheet against both your growth
goals and your capital return potential goals over the medium to long term?

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Yes. Thank you very much. So I'll take the first one and say it's a couple of different buckets. I mentioned
the opportunity we think there is around more supply coming into the Vrbo rental base. People are all
looking for ways to monetize their assets and we do believe and we have seen some early signs, nothing
-- not a tidal wave or anything, but some early signs that there is opportunity there. And we do market
to that audience, and we do try to build that side of the platform. So that's ongoing. I think there's solid
opportunity there, but it's relatively early days. And I think, again, you'll all have your own views about
what the economy will look like coming out of this and -- and globally, et cetera, but we think there's
opportunity there. As for the big players on the air and on the lodging side, look, our main goal is to get
everybody back in business and drive as much business as we can to all of those players. We are trying to
be as collaborative as we can. But I would say, yes, there is, by and large, a willingness and openness to
work together on new ideas, things that have been sitting on the shelf for a while that have been talked
about but never moved on. I think there's some interesting things we can do with some of our lodging
partners that we're looking at.

There's a lot of opportunity for air, and we're working to improve our air product. And we're working with
our air suppliers, so they -- so we can make that good for everybody. And yes, there is a general sense of
collaboration and willingness to work on new ideas to drive business for everybody. And I would say that
in times like this, you would expect and we are making up more share of everybody's wallet on the supply
side. So we're not trying to put the screws to anybody, we're trying to collaboratively look at how we can
grow their business, help grow our business, and we are keenly focused on that. So there is definitely
opportunity. Again, I don't think it's about leveraging a moment. It's really about an openness that you get
at a time like this where everybody is in a bit of a crisis to look at opportunities, to work together to grow
the business to improve both sides and that's what we're focused on.

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

This is Eric. I'll take the second half of the question, and thanks for the question. I'm going to get slightly
longer update because I think there's a fair number of questions I suspect we'll get during the call. So
let me try to give a bit of a holistic update on the balance sheet and cash. So if you look at the deferred
merchant bookings. And again, for everyone's edification, deferred merchant bookings is where we accept
customers' cash. We then hold on to that and remit it to suppliers post stay, if you will. It did decrease

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

$1.3 billion during the quarter. But if you look at the trend over that quarter, it was a significant drop in
April, a slight decline in May and then actually increased in June. The increase in June is driven by Vrbo,
which we've talked a lot about. The strong bookings growth actually year-on-year, that occurred in Vrbo. If
you look at non-Vrbo within that deferred merchant booking, it was essentially flat between May and June.
So if you -- if we go in reverse and we look back and what we are observing in the April and -- March,
April, May time line, where that DMB, or that deferred merchant booking, was really declining, I would
say we feel pretty darn good about how the latter part of the quarter looked from a deferred merchant
bookings standpoint.

If I then move to cash, I know a lot of this is in the financials that we published. But essentially, we
started the quarter with $4.1 billion, essentially a change, call it, operating of net $1.4 billion. We then
raised the approximately $4 billion of financing. Obviously, it was a little -- a bit less than that from a
net standpoint. So at the end of the quarter, we had $5.5 billion, and that's excluding the $1.25 billion
incremental raise that we did earlier this month.

And then lastly, which is related to all of this is -- and I suspect there's a question coming just around the
$275 million cash burn rate that we talk about over the -- what we've talked about over the last couple
of months and quarters. Remember, this is effectively contribution-neutral, revenue less cost of revenue
less marketing. We assume that's 0. And then what is the cost to run the business, so i.e., what is the cost
to keep the side up? What is the cost to keep the lights on? We had said previously that we would be at
approximately $275 million burn rate per month, and we said we would get to that by the end of the year.
I'm happy to say that we are operating broadly in that range right now. So we have achieved it faster than
we anticipated.

Just one point of clarification because I know it comes up occasionally is it does exclude restructuring
costs associated with our cost program. And then because we raised the $1.25 billion, we will have about
$5 million of incremental interest expense. But sort of net-net, feel very good about DMB and where the
trend is. We're in a strong cash position and feel really good about our overall cost program and what that
burn looks like.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Lee Horowitz with Evercore ISI.

Lee Horowitz
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

So sticking with Vrbo with -- obviously, booking trends remaining really strong through the pandemic, I
guess, is there anything you're seeing there as it relates to traffic mix in terms of paid traffic versus direct
to Vrbo? And how you would expect that to perhaps evolve over the course of this crisis?

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Yes. Absolutely. One of the things that I think I have heard other places as well is many of us retrenched
that out of competitive advertising and out of the auctions to a large extent, when things got really bad
in March and April. We have been waiting back in with all our brands, but much more delicately with Vrbo
because, candidly, Vrbo has been the beneficiary. We have a huge amount of direct traffic and essentially
organic traffic. So the mix of business has been extremely profitable on a relative basis for Vrbo, and that
has been terrific. We're not against using performance marketing in Vrbo, and we certainly are trying to
use it deftly. But our mix and our returns on marketing are at massively higher levels than they -- we
were historically running at in, call it, late 2019.

So yes, there's definitely been -- I don't want to say it's a structural shift, we'll see what the world look
like when everything normalizes. But we have seen that the brand is quite strong, that people can find
us and that we're important as an organic option and a great option for travelers. So I think the mix is
terrific there right now. And no doubt as we grow -- as we continue to grow and other players get a little
healthier, we may see that mix change a bit. But right now, that mix is terrific.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Jefferies.

James Edward Heaney
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

This is James on for Brent. I just had one for Eric. Can you give us an update on what your CapEx spend is
looking like for the back half of 2020 and then first half of '21? I know you have the headquarters, which
should be completed by early next year, but just want to know what your other CapEx spend might look
like and how we should think about that from a modeling perspective.

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Yes. Our CapEx, I presume you saw, was $206 million, of that $34 million was of headquarters. Again, we
gave an update last quarter that we had restarted on headquarters and that's been $115 million for the
first half of the year. Excluding headquarters, it's $172 million. Just to give you the components up there
at a high -- of it at a high level, the vast majority is in capitalized labor. That's essentially employees that
are doing site developments. And we should see some improvement in that capitalized labor, just given
the cost program and some of the actions that we've taken to date. We've got the data center. As we
continue to move more into cloud, that data center CapEx should moderate as well. And then essentially,
the cap labor and data center captures most of it.

So what I would say, not giving you too specific numbers, if you will, but for 2020, we should come
in less than we were in 2019 with all the various moving parts. And then as we go into 2021, as that
headquarters rolls off, we should be much more efficient. We should require less CapEx and ultimately see
better cash conversion. But hopefully, that gives you an order of magnitude on 2020. And then over time,
it should get more efficient too.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kuntarich with Deutsche Bank.

Christopher Louis Kuntarich
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Maybe just start on the vacation rental side and then just kind of parsing out the difference of what's
going on in vacation rental and hotel. I think you guys mentioned that Vrbo was growing, so just maybe
for -- since you guys have seen sort of the plateau in July, is there any difference going on in the
cancellation in new bookings from the 2?

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Yes. I would say broadly, cancellation rates have stayed pretty consistent. We don't -- I wouldn't say
there's anything noteworthy between how hotels and vacation rental was performing, except that hotels
have taken longer -- is on a slower trajectory to recovery. Clearly, vacation rental was very strong. We
saw demand exceed prior years during some of these compression periods, which, in a world like this,
is great to see. And hotels have just been on a slower pace to recovery. But I think on the cancellation
side, we haven't seen anything noteworthy. And again, broadly, cancellations have remained stable for
the last -- for July, June, et cetera. It's not -- there's no big uptick in cancellations that we've seen. So the
real difference is that compression of early bookings that were in the vacation rental space that the hotels
didn't see, I would say. And then the easing of that compression period into July and whereas the hotels
have been slowly making up ground on a more linear basis.

Christopher Louis Kuntarich
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Got it. And maybe just a follow-up. As it relates to cloud costs, I think you guys had called out previously
that 2020 level should be below 2019. I was curious, as you guys have gotten further into the year, if you
could put any bit of a finer point on that.

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Yes. I think the story remains the same. Just to recap for those that may not have the full story, we
brought all of our cloud teams into a single unit. They have the ability to optimize, to rightsize the
commute -- the compute, excuse me. So we've been able to really push and accelerate that in the COVID
environment. So it gave us some short term benefits, and we think that will really bear fruit over the long
term as well, better economics and with our vendors, et cetera. But overall, FY 2020, we do expect it to be
down. However, when volume starts to increase, it does obviously have a variable component to it. And so
as that volume comes back, you would expect it to grow along with it as well. But I think the sort of order
of magnitude or the story that we told before still holds.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo.

Brian Nicholas Fitzgerald
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

We wanted to ask -- test out a hypothesis. Generally, when consumers travel closer to home, I think
you see shorter durations and less expensive accommodations versus when you're traveling farther and
internationally. Is that valid? Is that valid in old days? But are you seeing those dynamics change now
with more local travel coming back, replacing longer international trips? Do you see consumers trading up
versus what they would normally spend staying longer on durations? Anything you could tell us about kind
of the propensity to spend as local starts first versus international?

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Eric, do you want me to go first? I'll take a whack at it, if you want.

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Yes. Sure. Sure.

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

There's a lot going on in that question. But I would say a few things. We have seen pricing and propensity
to pay, et cetera, and long duration, very evident in the vacation rental business. People in compressed
markets have been able to push what they charge and suppliers, that is. And people, as I mentioned, have
been staying longer and so that, if anything, is driving up. If you think about it from an ADR standpoint,
et cetera, I think, broadly, we find in the hotel space, there has been not the inverse, but there is more
pressure on pricing and more discounting widely because people's comfort and propensity to go to hotels
has been less robust. So it's kind of exactly what you'd expect from a supply and demand standpoint. I
think in terms of local versus nonlocal and duration on the hotel side, I don't know if Eric has any good
data there. But I don't think we've seen dramatic change there. I think that's been similar.

And yes, in terms of total wallet share, the domestic trip tends to be smaller than an international trip.
But again, I think this is just everyone's finding their opportunity. So of course, air is suffering more than
lodging, even though, as far as I know, nobody has yet said they've gotten sick on an airplane. But air
still is something people are less comfortable with, and so people are driving and finding other ways
to get to hotels and things. And -- but I think domestic -- local domestic is sort of slowly filling up the
holes of international. So I think it's really just a volume game. I think the ADR question is really just a
function of overall supply and demand. And it's acting exactly as you would expect it, which is if you're in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

a compressed market on the Florida Coast and there aren't enough homes and a lot of interested people,
you can push pricing, and you do. And if you're a hotel somewhere where not a lot of tourists are going,
maybe like New York right now, you have to compete and, therefore, you try to compete on price.

Eric Hart
CFO & Chief Strategy Officer

Yes. Yes. Peter, I think, covered it. I'd be careful extrapolating too much on any of the trends you'd see.
It's really people solving for the travel that they can and still want to travel. I think the real positive,
though, is that, and Peter mentioned it earlier, that we've just got a lot of people that are getting exposed
to the Vrbo brand and alternative accommodations. And it's a bit of a fast toward in that exposure, and
we're going to take the approach to build the relationship with those individuals. And I think people are
having a great experience, at least that's what I can -- in my conversations anecdotally. So I think that it's
a very positive outcome for Vrbo from that perspective.

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Yes. And apologies. I would just triple down. Don't extrapolate too much from any of this. I think this
is really a unique moment. And I said it before, but I don't think this portends any difference in how
people think about things. It may expose them more, may make them open to things they weren't open to
before. But I don't think we're seeing some structural shift in people's views about hotels or other things.
It's just a moment, and it's just about their comfort and their safety and what they're able to do.

Operator

We will now turn the call back over to CEO, Peter Kern.

Peter Maxwell Kern
CEO & Vice Chairman

Okay. Thank you, everybody, for your questions. I hope we gave you a good perspective on the business. I
just want to reiterate, we're feeling really good about the internal work we're doing. I commend our teams
who have done amazing work in impossible circumstances, where everybody is working from home and
everything is harder. So I can't thank all of them enough and appreciate all your questions. As Eric and I
said, we hope that you'll see the benefit of all this hard work we've been doing as the numbers come back.
And we look forward to talking to you in another quarter. So thank you for your time. And everybody, stay
safe. Take care.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

