Exxon Mobil Corporation NYSE:XOM
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, April 30, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.60

0.65

Revenue  (mm)

56260.59

59147.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-30-2021 2:09 PM GMT

8.33

5.13

0.78

3.08

4.05

53826.00

222800.00

262768.91

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

(0.60)

(0.25)

0.02

0.60

(0.70)

(0.18)

0.03

0.65

NM

NM

50.00 %

8.33 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President
& CEO

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations &
Corporate Secretary

ANALYSTS

Devin J. McDermott
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Philip Mulkey Gresh
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to this ExxonMobil Corporation First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call.
Today's call is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Vice President of
Investor Relations and Secretary, Mr. Stephen Littleton. Please go ahead, sir.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. We appreciate your
participation and continued interest in ExxonMobil. I am Stephen Littleton, Vice President of Investor
Relations. I am pleased to welcome Darren Woods, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of
ExxonMobil, who will be joining me for the call today.

After I cover the quarterly finance operating results, Darren will provide his perspectives on the quarterly
results and how we are positioned for 2021. Following those remarks, Darren and I will be happy to
address any questions.

Our comments this morning will reference the slides available on the Investors section of our website.
I would also like to draw your attention to the cautionary statement on Slide 2 and to the supplemental
information at the end of this presentation.

I'll now highlight developments since the fourth quarter of 2020 on the next slide.

Across all 3 businesses, improved results reflect encouraging signs of the recovery from the pandemic
as vaccinations are administered and some restrictions are lifted. In the Upstream, liquids and gas
realizations improved significantly versus the fourth quarter.

Production was higher driven by lower government-mandated curtailments and higher seasonal gas
demand in Europe. And as part of ongoing efforts to high grade our portfolio, we announced the sale of
most of our nonoperated assets in the United Kingdom, Central and Northern North Sea. The sale price
of more than $1 billion is subject to closing adjustments and has potential upside of approximately $300
million in contingent payments based on commodity prices.

In the Downstream, we continue to realize improvements in the North America refining margins. However,
in Europe, margins remained impacted by COVID lockdowns. While we have seen improved demand for
gasoline and diesel, jet demand remains impacted by global travel restrictions.

During the winter storm, our Texas refineries were able to provide power to more than 200,000 homes
through our cogeneration facilities.

During the quarter, we announced the intent to convert both the Altona, Australia refinery and the Slagen
refinery in Norway to fuel import terminals as overall industry rationalization continues. In the quarter,
there were approximately 500,000 barrels of industry rationalizations announced.

In Chemical, tight industry supply shipping constraints and strong demand resulted in global average
margins improving to the top of the historic 10-year range. We were able to capture the benefits of these
improved margins with strong reliability and the rapid recovery of our operations from the winter storm. In
addition, we have continued to deliver further cost efficiencies.

Across the corporation, improved prices and margins, in addition to cost reduction initiatives, resulted in
increased cash flow from operations, enabling debt reduction of more than $4 billion in the quarter. In
February, operations across all 3 businesses were impacted by Winter Storm Uri. Repairs were completed
and operations fully recovered by the end of the quarter.

Finally, we established a Low Carbon Solutions business to commercialize and deploy our portfolio of
emission reduction technologies. The new business will initially focus on carbon capture and storage, one

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

of the critical technologies required to achieve net 0 emissions and the climate goals outlined in the Paris
agreement.

Let's go to Slide 4 for an overview of first quarter results. The table on the left provides a view of first
quarter results relative to the prior quarter. First quarter earnings were $2.7 billion, including $31 million
of identified items related to severance. Earnings, excluding identified items, were $2.8 billion, an increase
of $2.7 [ billion ] versus the fourth quarter. Despite the impacts of the winter storm, which you will see
caught out in the table, earnings improved across all businesses, primarily due to higher prices and
margins.

There was a $300 million benefit in the quarter from mark-to-market impacts on open financial
derivatives, for which the physical trading strategy had not closed. We expect to realize the full earnings
impact of these trading strategies when they close in the future. Also, we have continued to benefit from
structurally lower operating costs in all of our business lines.

On the next slides, I will cover a brief summary of quarterly results. I will focus my comments on the
underlying business performance, excluding identified items.

Upstream earnings improved by over $1.8 billion in the first quarter, with liquid realizations increasing by
42% and gas realizations by 33%. The earnings change associated with volumes was negatively impacted
by mix and timing effects, which offset higher production versus the prior quarter. Lower expenses,
including structural efficiencies, contributed approximately $170 million in earnings.

On the next slide, I will cover a brief summary of upstream volumes. Upstream volumes increased by an
average of approximately 100,000 oil equivalent barrels per day compared to the fourth quarter of 2020.
Gas volumes were 12% higher, mainly due to seasonal gas demand and lower scheduled maintenance.

Liquids were down 3% with winter storm impacts and higher maintenance. Lower entitlements due to
higher prices negatively impacted volumes by approximately 40,000 oil equivalent barrels per day.

Reduced government-mandated curtailments increased volumes by about 60,000 oil equivalent barrels per
day, and gas demand was higher by approximately 70,000 oil-equivalent barrels per day, mainly due to
seasonal gas demand in Europe.

Guyana and Permian production were essentially flat versus the fourth quarter of 2020. However,
compared to the first quarter, Permian production was approximately 20% higher, excluding the impact
of the winter storm, an average of around 395,000 oil equivalent barrels per day in the quarter. Guyana
production increased by approximately 70% or 19,000 barrels per day over the same period.

Moving to Slide 7. Downstream earnings improved by over $300 million in the first quarter despite the
impacts of the winter storm. During the quarter, margins improved by nearly $500 million as North
America product demand continue to rebound. There was almost $400 million of earnings benefit from the
expense reductions in the quarter, including structural efficiencies related to maintenance optimization,
logistics and marketing. We also had unfavorable foreign exchange effects and the absence of prior period
inventory impacts during the quarter. A reserve for announced terminal conversion is included in the other
factor.

Moving to Chemical on Slide 8. Chemical had a strong quarter, delivering over $1.4 billion in earnings.
More than a $700 million improvement versus the fourth quarter. Margins improved by $500 million,
driven by tightly supplied, polyethylene and polypropylene markets, impacted by the winter storm, where
at its peak, approximately 75% of U.S. polyethylene capacity was off-line. Performance product demand
into packaging and durable goods was resilient through the period.

During the quarter, we had strong reliability, which positioned us to capture the improved margins. We
continue to deliver cost reductions through turnaround and maintenance scope optimizations, contributing
an additional $150 million to earnings in the quarter.

On the next slide, I will summarize results versus the first quarter of 2020. Versus the first quarter of
2020, earnings increased by around $500 million. There was a total price margin improvement of about

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

$1.3 billion, driven by higher upstream prices and chemical margins as the market recovered. This is
partially offset by lower Downstream margins but excludes the mark-to-market impact of unsettled
derivatives, which was driven by the absence of a benefit in the first quarter of 2020. Cost reduction
efforts, including structural efficiencies and maintenance, supply chain optimizations and the announced
workforce reductions contributed over $1 billion of improvement to earnings.

Moving to Slide 10, I'll provide further details on our cost savings and CapEx reductions. Excluding energy
and production taxes, cash operating expenses were $9.2 billion in the first quarter, $1 billion lower than
the same quarter last year. This reflects the significant structural improvements achieved in 2020 from our
ongoing cost reduction initiatives.

Capital expenditures were $3.1 billion in the quarter, on track towards the lower end of our full year
guidance. This reduction of over $4 billion versus the first quarter of 2020 was enabled by the flexibility
of our short-cycle unconventional assets and by our ability to pace Downstream and Chemical projects
consistent with market conditions. As Darren will cover later, we are able to do this while preserving the
long-term value of the opportunities.

Moving on to a summary of cash flow on Slide 11. Cash flow from operating activities was $9.3 billion in
the quarter. Excluding working capital effects, this was up $3.2 billion from the fourth quarter of 2020,
reflecting our ability to capture higher prices and margins and the results of our cost reduction efforts.

We reduced debt by more than $4 billion, consistent with our capital allocation priorities. We ended the
quarter with $3.5 billion of cash.

Turning to Slide 12. I will cover a few key considerations for the second quarter. In the Upstream,
government-mandated curtailments are expected to be in line with the first quarter. We expect lower
volumes with seasonal gas demand and higher maintenance. The sale of the U.K. Central and Northern
North Sea assets is expected to close near midyear, subject to regulatory and third-party approvals.

In the Downstream, we anticipate demand improvement in line with third-party forecasts with check
continuing to recover at a slower pace than gasoline and diesel. Higher scheduled maintenance and
turnarounds are planned for the quarter.

In Chemical, we anticipate a tight supply and demand balance with ongoing industry maintenance
impacting global supply, and we have higher planned turnarounds in the quarter.

Corporate and financing expenses are anticipated to be about $600 million, and we expect to further
reduce debt if price and margins remain at current levels.

With that, I will now turn the call over to Darren.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Thank you, Stephen, and good morning, everyone. It's good to be back with you.

This time last year, I joined the call to discuss the challenges of COVID-19 and how we plan to respond. At
that time, we were early in the pandemic, but the call to action was clear. We made some tough decisions
and committed to bold actions. In our fourth quarter call, I reviewed our results, the success we had in
meeting, and in some cases, beating those bold commitments. We made a lot of progress over the course
of a challenging year. The positive results we announced today reflect not only last year's work, the work
we started years ago, work that has positioned us to take advantage of market improvements.

Today, I joined the call to put that work in context. I'll discuss the foundation for success that we've
laid and how it will manifest in growing shareholder value, value that will further materialize as markets
continue to recover and as the world transitions to a lower carbon future.

Our successful response to the unprecedented challenges of 2020 has its roots in 2 critical initiatives
started years earlier. The first was our focus on developing an industry-leading portfolio of advantaged
investments to recapitalize our businesses and increase capacity to generate earnings and cash. Prioritized

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

investments in these opportunities last year are paying dividends this year and will continue to well into
the future. The second initiative, which began in 2017 and was completed in 2019, was the significant
restructuring of our businesses, reducing functional silos, organizing along value chains and consolidating
competencies. This greatly reduced organizational complexity, interfaces and overhead. We provided a
clearer line of sight to the market, increased ownership for earnings at all levels and improved the speed
and quality of decision-making across the corporation. Importantly, it helped our people better relate their
work to our bottom line results.

We see the benefits of this in the first quarter results. Through structural changes, we've permanently
reduced operating expenses, capturing $3 billion in 2020 versus 2019, with further efficiencies in the first
quarter and more expected through the year. In total, we expect to achieve $6 billion of annual savings by
2023 versus 2019.

At the same time, we reduced emissions, operated safely and delivered best-ever reliability performance.
Our focus in this area also paid off in the first quarter with a well-managed response to the Texas ice
storms, minimizing impacts and speeding recovery. Throughout 2020, we work to strike a difficult balance,
dramatically reducing near-term spend without compromising longer-term value. We used our balance
sheet to maintain spending that was critical to shareholder value, including sustaining a strong dividend.

We also maintained our work in advancing low-carbon technologies and developing projects with the
potential to significantly reduce society's emissions. This work is crucial in underpinning our long-term
future and in continuing to grow shareholder value.

It also facilitated the launch of our Low Carbon Solutions business in the first quarter, a strategic business
that we expect to grow with significant investments as we advance low-carbon technologies. We prioritize
maintenance activities, ensuring essential work was completed last year and the remainder early this year,
ahead of the anticipated demand recovery.

We reduced 2020 CapEx by 30% versus our original plan. We did this by pacing project execution and
leveraging our global projects organization to prioritize and optimally slow projects. We are continuing to
pace projects to rebuild the balance sheet and pay down debt. In the first quarter, we made significant
progress. Investments are in line with our outlook for the year of $16 billion to $19 billion, and debt was
reduced by over $4 billion. Throughout this time, we've never lost sight of the long-term fundamentals of
our business. We knew economies will recover, populations and living standards would continue to grow,
ultimately driving demand for our products and an industry recovery. Today, we are beginning to see this
and are well positioned. Thanks to our efforts over the last few years, we are a stronger company with an
improving outlook.

You will, of course, recognize this chart, which we've used since our third quarter call last year. At that
time, we made the point that the pandemic had driven industry prices and margins to unsustainably low
levels. And while hard to predict when that margins and prices would rebound. And today, we're seeing
this rebound, which is happening faster than we thought and for some sectors, rising to higher levels than
anticipated.

The Upstream is back within the 10-year range with Brent prices improving by roughly 40% since the
fourth quarter and natural gas up by about 1/3. In the Downstream, margins remain well below the
bottom of the 10-year range. Chemical margins, on the other hand, has swung from the bottom to the
top.

One thing is for sure, these margins and prices will continue to move. We've based our plans on a
conservative outlook and are positioning our businesses to be successful at or below the bottom of these
ranges. At the same time, we're making sure that when the upswings come, we take advantage, which is
why we went to great efforts to preserve our portfolio of investments while building in flexibility. It's also
why we test each investment against a wide range of market scenarios and insist on structural advantages
to generate leading returns at any price.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Today's portfolio of opportunities is the best we've seen in 20 years. 90% of our Upstream investments
and resource additions over the next 5 years, including Guyana, Brazil and the Permian, generate 10%
returns at $35 a barrel or less.

In Guyana, we're continuing to progress Liza Phase 2. Payara is on schedule, and we've begun planning
for the next development, Yellowtail. The backlog development offshore Brazil is advancing toward a final
investment decision, and we're delivering greater efficiencies in the Permian, efficiencies that are driving
down costs for drilling and completions while improving recovery rates and growing production. Based on
these improvements and without additional capital, we've increased our 2021 outlook to between 410,000
and 430,000 oil-equivalent barrels a day.

The Corpus Christi Chemical Complex is ahead of schedule with a projected start-up in the fourth quarter.
We expect to complete the project for about 25% less than the average cost of a Gulf Coast steam
cracker. This facility is a key development in our plan to grow sales of high-value performance products by
60% through 2027. As we focused our activities on the highest value investments, we also worked hard to
preserve the value of the projects we were pacing. As I mentioned, our global projects organization played
a critical role in this, working closely with contractors, partners and resource owners to find efficiencies
and reduce spend. Every project was reevaluated and tested against conditions informed by the pandemic.
While all remained attractive and in our portfolio, the highest-value opportunities were given priority. Pace
projects were evaluated for optimum breakpoints, with work continuing until these were reached. You can
see this in the photos, which show the project status at the time the pandemic hit and when they were
paused.

Working closely with contractors, our team successfully offset deferral costs with efficiencies and
market savings and preserved portfolio returns of greater than 30%. The CapEx outlook we provided
incorporates resumptions of these project activities over time as the market recovers and we make
progress deleveraging.

Striking the right balance in our capital allocation priority was critical, as demonstrated by the price and
margin chart. This was particularly true in the depleting businesses of the Upstream. The value of the
choices made here are shown in the next couple of slides.

We are excited by the results of the significant work and strategic investments made since 2017 to
reshape our portfolio into one of the most price competitive in the industry, generating strong returns in a
variety of price environments.

Chart on the left, similar to the one used on Investor Day, shows the Brent price needed for upstream
resource investments made in 2020 to generate a 10% return. As you can see, more than 90% of the
investments require Brent price at or below $35 a barrel. On the right are the anticipated cash flows
resulting from the projects retained in our 2020 investment program for this year and in 2025. As you can
see, the investments we made in 2020 are making a significant contribution now and into the future. This
is particularly true in the Permian, shown on the next slide.

Last year, we reduced Permian CapEx by about 35%, but maintained a level of investment to support our
technology efforts and drive improvements. This work contributed to an additional 100,000 oil equivalent
barrels per day in 2020 versus 2019 and an increase of 60,000 barrels per day in the first quarter of this
year versus the first quarter of last year. This work also drove significant progress across a number of
variables, as shown on the left. Higher well productivity and lower costs resulted in positive free cash flow
in the fourth quarter of last year, which will continue through 2021.

In addition, with the Poker Lake processing facilities online and pipelines commissioned, we can ensure
production is delivered to the highest value outlet at the lowest cost.

Hopefully, these last 2 charts help illustrate the importance of striking the right capital allocation balance
to preserve longer-term value, particularly in trying times. Our first quarter results helped demonstrate
this. We maintained our strong dividend, generated strong cash flow, delivered further cost reductions,
remain flexible and disciplined in our capital spend, delivered excellent safety, environmental and reliability
performance and advanced solutions for a lower carbon economy.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

As we progress through this year, we'll maintain our capital priorities and a balanced approach. Our
planned capital range for 2021 remains $16 billion to $19 billion with the outyears at $20 billion to $25
billion. If markets take an unexpected downturn, we have the flexibility to adjust. If margins and prices
stay higher than planned, we'll deleverage faster, rebuilding the balance sheet.

If the price and margin chart I reviewed earlier demonstrated, things can change quickly. A strong balance
sheet remains a critical advantage in a capital-intensive commodity business. It also provides an important
foundation for managing an uncertain future and the transition of the energy sector, which I'll turn to next.

I'll start by restating our strategy and addressing the risks of climate change and the energy transition, a
strategy based on 4 pillars we've had in place for many years. It begins with mitigating emissions in our
operations, which has been a focus for decades.

Versus 2016, 2020 GHG emissions are down 11%. We met the methane and flaring reductions we
committed to in 2018 and established aggressive emission reduction plans through 2025, putting us on
a trajectory consistent with the goals of the Paris Agreement. We are committed to providing products
to help customers reduce their emissions. Across the globe, we're helping economies decarbonize by
providing natural gas for power generation, reducing emissions by more than half versus coal.

Our chemical products reduced vehicle weight lowering transportation emissions and preserve shelf life
of food, reducing waste and agricultural emissions. Our fuels and lube products, improve efficiency, also
helping to reduce emissions.

We're also proactively engaging on climate policy. We've demonstrated this through our support for the
Paris Agreement and economy-wide price on carbon, consistent regulations to reduce methane emissions
and frameworks to support investment in carbon abatement.

And finally, we're focusing on developing and deploying scalable technology solutions that are needed
to reduce emissions on a larger scale. We're focusing on the hard-to-decarbonize sectors of power
generation, heavy-duty transport and industrial manufacturing.

We've launched our Low Carbon Solutions business to commercialize technologies and accelerate large-
scale emission reductions in these areas. Since 2000, we've invested more than $10 billion in lower
emissions technologies and have plans to invest an additional $3 billion by 2025. Our initial emphasis is on
carbon capture and storage, or CCS, a technology critical to achieving the goals of the Paris Agreement.

I expect the magnitude of investments to grow as we work with industry, governments and communities
to advance attractive project concepts that also generate shareholder value. Having said this, it's
important to keep the current level of planned investments in perspective. When you compare the
investment levels of our Upstream, Downstream and Chemical businesses with the size of their markets,
our spend represents less than 0.3% of the total addressable market.

We do the same for our planned investments in CCS, they represent over 3% of the total addressable
market, more than 10x the level of investments in our traditional businesses. We think this is reasonable
given the early stage of this market's development. With our industry-leading position and decades of
experience in CCS, we're well positioned to successfully compete in this growing and potentially large
future market.

As we tried to illustrate in this chart, today, we're the global leader in capturing CO2. In fact, we've
captured more anthropogenic CO2 than anyone in the world. We have an interest in over 1/5 of the
world's CCS capacity and significant holdings in CO2 pipelines. Grass roots, large-scale CCS projects
leverage our competitive advantages in technology and project management as well as decades of
experience bringing new ventures to market. This is important particularly for this potentially fast-growing
large market, and it's why we launched the Low Carbon Solutions business, which is evaluating and
advancing plans for more than 20 new CCS opportunities around the world.

Last week, we introduced the concept of a multi-industry CCS hub to capture and store CO2 emissions
from the heavy industry around the Houston Ship Channel. We think a carbon capture innovation zone,
similar to an enterprise zone where incentives and policies are designed to encourage economic growth,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

is a smart way to advance this idea. We help bring together government incentives and private sector
investment along with new policies and regulations that would encourage innovation.

Houston is an ideal location for a major project. The plants along the heavily industrialized ship channel
represents some of the hardest sectors to decarbonize. They're also relatively close together, providing
project scale and reducing unit costs.

Houston's proximity to the Gulf of Mexico also provides direct access to suitable storage locations. The
U.S. Department of Energy estimates the geology beneath the seafloor has the capacity to safely store
all the CO2 that the entire country currently produces for the next 100 years. As currently envisioned,
the project could capture 50 million metric tons of CO2 per year by 2030 and twice that by 2040. This
would put Houston well on its way to reaching its goal of becoming carbon neutral by 2050. This concept
will need support from many different parties, both private and public. Regulatory and legal support
at all levels of government will be crucial for establishing incentives and attracting investment. The
federal government already provides some carbon reduction incentives such as tax credits for electric
vehicle wind, solar and CCS. Enhancing these credits or establishing a market price on carbon emissions,
combined with appropriate rules and oversight, would accelerate solutions.

We've long talked about the importance of innovation. This multiuser hub concept is just one example of
how we're looking to take on large, complex challenges and find solutions to help meet society's demand
for lower carbon future. This can play an important role in positioning the company to deliver long-term
shareholder value.

The first quarter results clearly show that we're on the right path and well positioned for a continued
market recovery. We will remain flexible while focusing on disciplined investing in high-return,
competitively advantaged projects. This will provide the foundation for strong cash flows, a strong
dividend and a strong balance sheet. We will remain relentless in structurally reducing costs by fully
leveraging our new organization. We will continue to deliver industry-leading safety and reliability
performance, meet our emission reduction plans, and help society transition to a lower carbon future, and
we will do all this to grow shareholder value. I look forward to taking your questions.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary
Thank you for your comments, Darren. We'll now be more than happy to take any questions you might
have. Operator, please open up the lines for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from the line of Devin McDermott with Morgan Stanley.

Devin J. McDermott
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Congrats on the strong results. Good to see some of the cost reductions and growth investments really
paying dividends here in 2021.

My first question is actually building on some of the last points you're making, Darren, on carbon reduction
efforts in the Houston hub specifically, I think it's a very interesting concept, has a lot of potential. I was
wondering if you could elaborate from a policy standpoint, what types of things are needed or policies
need to be put in place in order to bring these types of projects to fruition? And then are there other parts
within your portfolio globally where there are already policies in place to make these types of investments
viable today?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Sure. Thanks, Devin. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, what we're looking at doing in this
space and reducing CO2 across economies is really establishing a new business, one that today doesn't
have clear market drivers. And the governments have demonstrated, in other industries when they're
looking to reduce CO2, they provide stimulus to catalyze advancements of new technology. I think the big
difference with what we're talking about here versus some of the other initiatives that the government has
supported is there's not an existing business or market that provides some level of financial incentives.
And so I think the work that has to be done with the government is aligning on the incentives to drive
investments across industries to drop and lower the CO2 price. And we think we can do that and do it at
a very attractive rate of return at much lower prices than what the government is currently spending to
reduce CO2.

And if you recall from our Investor Day, we had a chart that showed the costs associated with reducing
CO2 through carbon capture and compare that to the cost of CO2 removal through other mechanisms.
And we have the opportunity to reduce significant levels of CO2 at a much lower cost than current policy.
So that will be an important part, policy to drive incentives.

You'll need policies and frameworks to support the legal regime for storing CO2. We'll need permitting to
put the facilities in place and run the pipelines. You'll need some frameworks to support the storage and
access to the storage offshore. So there's a number of areas that will need to be addressed. And then
obviously, we'll have to work with the industries involved here and work with them collaboratively to bring
the CO2 in and then also, of course, the communities that we'll be operating in. We'll have to work with
them, and we think that's all possible.

If you think about the work we do around the world and establishing new ventures, bringing new ventures
to market, this is very consistent with our experience base. And I'll just point to Guyana, where essentially
where we have started from grassroots, a brand-new oil and gas industry, working very closely with the
government and community there in Guyana.

So we've got experience in this space. We've got experience working in collaboration with other industry
partners and experience working with governments to bring these complicated things together at scale
and make a significant contribution.

Devin J. McDermott
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Great. That makes a lot of sense. And my second question is just on the cost reductions. So you realized
$3 billion last year. And if you look at the slide deck in the first quarter rate, you're down about $1 billion
in the first quarter of '21 versus the first quarter of last year. So annualized, a $4 billion reduction so far.

And you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you expect the reductions to increase and move
through this year, and I know you have a longer-term target of $3 billion of incremental cost reduction.
My question specifically though is, how should we think about the cadence of these cost reductions flowing
through for the balance of this year and over the next few years. And as you've embarked on these
restructuring initiatives, have you found opportunities that might allow you to exceed this target over
time, the $6 billion total target?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Yes, sure. I guess let me just maybe start with where you ended and with respect to the $6 billion. And
I just want to make the point, it's not a target. It's not something that we've laid out and asked the
organization to figure out how to achieve it. It's actually part of the plans that we've built. And so the
organization has a clear line of sight to the reductions, and there's -- they've built that into their plans.
We're stewarding the businesses every month versus those plans. And so we feel very good about what
we've identified and the work that we have going on. And the first quarter demonstrates that we are
continuing to achieve the reductions.

I would not take the first quarter results and try to multiply those and move them out. I think you're going
to see things move with activities as you go through the year. But my expectation is the theme that you're
seeing with these reductions will continue, and we will -- we're on track to deliver the $6 billion by the end
of 2023.

I guess the final point I would make here, Devin, is my expectation, as we've been working our way
through this and translating those plans into action is we'll find more opportunities. I would expect it will
beat the target, the plans that we put out there. We've got work going on now that kind of goes across the
corporation.

I mentioned the fact that we have structurally change the way we run our businesses. That change has
now aligned each of the sectors in terms of how we're organized and a lot of the processes that were
used to execute the business. That gives us an opportunity to take advantage of this consistency and
processes and execution and find additional efficiencies and synergies, and that works underway, which
we'll continue to develop as we move through this year, and I suspect we'll have more to talk about as we
finalize our plans for the year at the back end and into the next year's Investor Day.

So I'm real optimistic that the groundwork that we've laid since 2017 and looking at the businesses and
how we reorganize are paying dividends today and are going to continue to pay dividends well into the
future.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary

I guess, Darren, if I can add, the other piece that we're seeing, Devin, is as we've invested in technology,
that's starting to see its benefits in terms of reducing our overall cost structure with the -- [ adding the ]
technology and IT investments.

Operator

Next question will be from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Hope you could hear me okay, because I think the storms here in Houston are affecting my connection a
little bit, so apologies if I break up.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

You're loud and clear, Roger.

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Darren, great performance this quarter from the Chemicals business. I know a lot of issues with storms,
everything like that, some crazy moves in the pricing. I was just curious, do you think the Chemicals
business is, in a sense, hit a reset here and this -- I don't want to say Q1 performance continues, but
much better than, let's say, the last 6 to 8 quarters in this business.

And as you think about that, is it mostly demand? Is it a pricing performance? We hear a lot of talk about
inflation across the industry -- across industries, I should say. So I'm just curious what all we should think
about with Chemicals.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Sure. And thanks for the question, Roger. I would say first quarter performance in Chemicals, first
and foremost, reflects that organization's focus on running their operations reliably and safely, a lot of
hard work to make sure that the integrity of the operations and the reliability of those operations are
maintained.

And we did a lot of work over last year. And I think moving into the first quarter, that focus has really
helped our manufacturing facilities deal with the freeze and recover very rapidly from that. So real proud
of that effort. It wasn't easy, but that organization really delivered.

I think the other thing it demonstrates is the focus that they've had for several years on growing their
high-performance products. And we knew that the demand for chemicals has been consistently strong
and has been growing in excess of GDP growth around the world. And that fundamental, we think, will
continue for some time since chemical plays such an important role in people's modern life and the
convenience of the modern life and actually the critical importance of some of the products that Chemicals
make.

Of course, the -- so the big challenge there, though, is as supply comes on in fairly large chunks with
different plants, that tends to result in supply and demand imbalances and lower margins. And of course,
we saw that last year. And frankly, going into this year, we kind of anticipated a lot of capacity coming on,
which would squeeze the margins and make for a challenging year.

I think what we've seen is with the impact of last year and the pullback in spending that was required
due to the pandemic and then probably exacerbated by the Texas storm here with all the capacity in the
Gulf Coast area, the supply has gotten pretty tight as demand has continued to move. And then with the
economic recovery and the rebound that we're seeing, that's put some more demand into the system.
So it's -- I think the first quarter reflects good operations, good performance, good focus on growing
our high-performance products and some really helpful market conditions from a supply and demand
standpoint.

My expectation as you move forward is we'll see some of that supply come back on a recovery from
the ice storms and some of this new capacity that was deferred will start to make its way back into the
market, and that will help probably ease some of the tightness. But our expectation is we'll continue to see
a pretty good market here this year for the Chemical business.

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

And then my other question, balance sheet. Obviously, you made the debt repayments this quarter
commentary about excess cash will go towards debt repayments. Don't expect you to fix the balance
sheet in 1 year, but kind of reaffirm for us where you'd like to take the balance sheet over time, above and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

beyond just understanding you want to sustain the dividend, but like what's the right way to think about
whether it's debt-to-EBITDA or debt-to-cap number, something along those lines?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Yes. Well, as we've said, with our capital allocation priorities, there's 3 legs to the stool, so to speak.
And, obviously, really important for the foundation of success for the future is investing in the right
projects, particularly in the Upstream with the depletion nature of that business. We've got to find industry
advantaged investment opportunities. In the Chemical business, making sure that we're investing in the
high-performance products that meet the demand, the growing demand that we're seeing around the
world. And in the Downstream, investing in strategic sites to high-grade their production and make sure
that the production is in line with the demand in the marketplace.

And so that's critical element, and that's something that we stay focused on as we went through 2020,
making sure that we didn't compromise the value of that particular capital allocation priority. The dividend,
obviously, a critical part of that, and sustaining that dividend was a commitment that we've had for a
long, long time, and we stay committed to that. So that's obviously going to be an important factor going
forward. And then the balance sheet is making sure that we maintain the capacity to ride through the
commodity cycles and not compromise those first 2 priorities that I talked to you about. And that's what
we did in 2020.

Obviously, the pandemic was a very unusual year, much deeper than any typical commodity cycle. So we
had to lean harder on that than we normally would. We're very committed now to making sure that we
rebuild that in anticipation of future commodity cycles.

I think what we said during the Investor Day was we're going to shoot for something between 20% and
25% debt to capital. And that still feels like a reasonable place to be, and we'll work our way towards that
as we go through this year and probably into next -- obviously, depending upon the price and margin
environment that we find ourselves in.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Jeanine Wai with Barclays.

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

The first question that we have is on the balance sheet, and we're just maybe looking for a little update
here. Based on what you're seeing so far on the macro and with your own operations, is there any update
to the $45 to $50 breakeven for 2021 to cover CapEx to maintain the dividend? I know chem's margins,
they've dramatically improved. Downstream margins, they're still kind of below the 10-year band.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Yes. And so if you remember how we did that breakeven as we made some assumptions about kind of low
end of Chemical and Downstream margins and then average chemical margin and downstream margins
going forward. And recognizing that, that wasn't necessarily forecast, it was just one way to characterize
it.

And the important point we were trying to make, and I think we've made historically, is as you look
at our breakeven, you can't just focus on the crude price that we've got significant businesses in both
the Downstream and Chemicals that obviously impact that. I would say we haven't tried to update that
number. I think what we tried to do with the Investor Day is just give you and others the confidence
that with our portfolio and the plans that we had, we were robust to a very wide range of prices. The
fact that the chemical margins are as good as they are today, says that, that breakeven has come down.
But frankly, we're not really sharpening our pencils anymore on that because we've got a plan, and the
foundations of that plan haven't changed. I just think we feel better about the position that we're in today,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

given where the market is at. We'll take advantage of it while it's here. But I would tell you that our plans
aren't based on those sustaining themselves.

And as I said, we will pay down the debt and deleverage faster given the help that we're getting from the
market right now. That's just put us in a stronger position for the future.

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. I figured I'd give it a shot. My second question is on CapEx. So for the '21 budget, Q1 was in
line with your plan. You reiterated the $16 billion to $19 billion for the year. I'm not sure if I missed it
somewhere, but are you still targeting the lower half of the range given what you're seeing on the macro
performance?

For example, in the Permian, you slightly raised your production guidance only slightly. But is that based
on the same level of activity that you originally forecasted? Are you going faster than expected? We saw in
the slide, you cited the performance improvement. But some of those performance improvements would
indicate that you are going faster, so you could be doing more activity. So just wanted an update on if
you're still thinking about the lower half for the year.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Yes. So I think the guidance that we gave was $16 billion to $19 billion. And as I said in my prepared
remarks, that has not changed. And what I said during the Investor Day is that I expect to be on the lower
end of that range, and that expectation remains today.

They're not necessarily targets. It's -- we have a plan that the business is executing, and that plan
includes a spend level. That spend level has not changed. What we're seeing in the Permian and the point
that I tried to make in the slide in the prepared remark is what's changed really is the progress that the
improvements that, that business is making.

And what the chart shows you, I think, is really, really impressive performance stuff that we had
talked about. And I believe in reorganizing and better leveraging our technology, better leveraging the
competencies of the entire organization in this very important resource that we would see significant
improvements with time. I think I've been talking about that now for several years. And what that
organization is demonstrating is, indeed, they are making improvements and making them at a faster
rate than we had planned. And so that update with the production is a function of that performance
improvement. We have not increased the capital allocation to that business. They're basically running at
their planned spend. And obviously, that is -- that plan is across the full year, and that number will be --
will change over the year based on their plan.

Operator

Next, we'll go to Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.

Philip Mulkey Gresh
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

My first question is a bit of a follow-up on the capital spending. Obviously, the run rate in the first quarter
is very low, and you're expecting the full year to be towards the lower end of the range, so call it, $16
billion to $17 billion. You have the $20 billion to $25 billion target out there for the long term, which would
obviously be still a pretty big step up from, say, $16 billion to $17 billion.

So just more intermediate term as we think out to, say, 2022, should we think of the spending being more
gradual in terms of the ramp back up, in terms of getting to the 20, 25 long term? Just any color there
would be helpful.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Sure. No, I think what's important -- so we've put the plan out, our plan. We've got plans through 2025
with specific numbers. We're not managing the business to ranges. We have plans. And those ranges
frankly reflect the recognition that -- this is -- we got a big business, a lot of variables impacting our
projects. Things are going to move, and we can't precisely call exactly when things will occur, but we've
got a pretty good basis for that, and that's the plan. And that range that we're showing reflects what
I would say is how all these pieces tend to kind of come together and manifest themselves in any one
quarter or a year. And so that range gives us, I think, right kind of flexibility to make sure that what we're
talking to you about, some of that inherent variability in the plan.

So we're not kind of wondering which end of that range we'll be at. We've got plans within that range and
what I said continues to be the case that we're focused on delivering on those plans. I think the way to
think about the spending is recognize we put these plans together, and reviewed them initially with the
Board in October and finalize them in November and then very quickly came out with the release that
talked about that.

If you think about the October time frame and where prices we're at, reflect on the chart that I showed
you, there was uncertainty as to exactly how the future would manifest itself. We knew that recovery
would come just based on some of those underlying fundamentals, but really difficult to call.

So our plans basically were more back-end loaded. And so what you're seeing in the first quarter is a
reflection of the recognition that while things will recover, that we may still have some very challenging
times here in the first quarter and into the second quarter, so making sure that we were building plans
that comprehended that and anticipated that and would be robust to that. And so that's kind of how we
built and why the numbers that you see in the first quarter are lower than maybe what would be a ratable
run rate is because we had anticipated a probably more challenging environment than certainly that we're
seeing today. So that will ramp up.

I think the other point I'd make, Phil, is just the point I made about our pace projects and the good work
that our project organization did and thinking through, given a portfolio of very attractive, high-return
projects. And as I said, we tested all those informed by what we are seeing with the pandemic, tested
whether or not they were going to generate the returns and bring the value that we had expected, and
all of them continue to look attractive. And so we wanted to make sure that in the short term, we can
serve spend to respond to the challenges of the pandemic, but make sure that we didn't compromise that
longer-term value.

And that was the real challenge of last year and the plans that we laid out reflect that. And so as you
move forward, in the back half of this year and into next year, what you're seeing is some of those
projects resuming activities on those product -- projects and seeing that spend go up. And so that's, I
think, how I would suggest you think about that, is feathering in those projects in a very managed way
that our project organization is working very closely with our partners and contractors to make sure that
we bring those things back online and get that work going in a very efficient and effective manner.

Philip Mulkey Gresh
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Got it. My second question would just be coming back to the Gulf Coast carbon capture opportunity.
I'm frequently getting asked for ExxonMobil whether this would be more of just an opportunity to reduce
your own GHG emissions? Or is it something where it can be a third-party business that's actually a long-
term earnings driver for the company? So I'm curious how you would answer that.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

I'd say yes. I think that project has opportunities to do both. If you -- again, what we've been talking
about for some time, and I think if I go back a year ago, the litmus test with respect to whether or not the
company was focused on managing the risk of climate change and position for an energy transition was
whether or not you're investing in solar and wind.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Frankly, I've been very encouraged at how quickly that conversation has evolved and the recognition that
there remains a significant challenge above and beyond the rule that wind and solar and electric vehicles
will play, which they will play an important role. But above and beyond that, how do you decarbonize some
of these very difficult-to-decarbonize sectors and do it in a way that is efficient and the lowest cost to
society. And so that's the work that, certainly, we've been talking about for some time and the work that
we've been investing in with respect to technologies to bring down the cost of the technologies that we
believe will be required to achieve that. That's the venture that we launched in 2018, our carbon capture
venture to start looking at how we could commercialize some of that technology and start looking for
opportunities around the world. So all that was happening with this view of what I would say is a business
opportunity to meet an evolving demand of society, which is a reduction in CO2.

And the way we're thinking about that, that's a new business. That's a new demand for that society, I
think, is a strong desire for. And so we're at the early stages of a new business. And what we've put out
there is the opportunity to leverage the skills that we have, the competencies that we've developed over
decades, the experience that we have in bringing new ventures to market, working with governments and
leveraging our own capabilities. And this Houston Ship Channel represents exactly that.

And we'd be working with a number of companies and industries there, so collaborating with others,
working with the government. And we -- our own facilities would be involved in that. So I think it's kind
of a mix of all those things that you brought up, Phil. It's an opportunity to reduce our own emissions, an
opportunity for others to contribute at scale and a cost-effective way to reduce their emissions. And then
again, potentially, there is an emerging market for CO2 reduction credits, and maybe a way to meet that
market demand as well.

And so I think it's early to take a real sharp pencil and lay all that out, but we think the fundamentals are
there. And it just becomes -- comes down to then working with the relevant parties to shape the policies
and the frameworks and the constructs of that project to take advantage of that -- of those emerging
fundamentals.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary

And Phil, I guess, I'd add, what we're also seeing is policies being established in other parts of the world
where we look at Europe over in Asia Pacific region that are interested in doing similar type of efforts to
decarbonize in these hard-to-decarbonize sectors of the industry.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Doug Leggate with Bank of America.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

I also have 2 questions, if that's okay.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Sure.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Darren, when you laid out the Analyst Day, I think you talked about -- or Neil had talked about something
around 250,000 barrels of oil equivalent [ or ] disposal impacts in your 5-year plan. I realize you've
got the U.K. away now, but can you just bring us up to date that in this, I guess, stronger oil price
environment, whether the pace is picking up and how you see that playing out?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Sure, Doug. Thanks for the question. What I'd say is we laid that plan out quite some time ago. Neil talked
about the work we had been doing in assessing the portfolio and upgrading that portfolio. And obviously,
2 -- a couple of levers to that. One, one lever is clearly the additional investments in bringing in more
profitable lower cost production opportunities and then working on some of the tail items of our portfolio
to see if others put a higher value on them, particularly given how rich the new opportunities were for us.

And so that portfolio of opportunities remains. We've been out actively marketing a number of those. And
as you can imagine, last year really slowed that pace down just because of the number of buyers and I'd
say the range of uncertainty with where the future was going.

The way I'd characterize it today is we're continuing that activity on those assets. And I'd say the work
that we did in 2020 puts us in a really good position this year. We did not compromise the value that we
expected to achieve and that slowed things down. But I think as we go into this year, there's different
view that's being taken on the future and the horizon and the price environment, which is generating
more interest. And so the way I'd characterize it right now, same set of assets, a lot more interest and
discussions happening. And we'll see if we can find the right buyer and settle on a value that's kind of a
win-win proposition and that work goes on. And I'm optimistic that we'll see that accelerate a bit, but it
will be accelerated based on a lot of work that's already happened and will continue to happen.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Great. I appreciate that. My follow-up is really more of a kind of philosophical question, Darren. I guess
a year ago, your yield was getting up there. So very you could see uncompetitive level in terms of if you
ever wanted to do anything in your equity. It's obviously a consolidation question.

You've got a fantastic organic portfolio, and some of your peers are now kind of struggling with their
investment case, you could argue, meaning growth is off the table for investors for the -- at least for
[indiscernible]. So when you wrap all that together, I'm just wondering how does Exxon think about
participating or not in consolidation, whether it be Permian or whether it be international?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Well, I would say you point out that we have a very strong organic portfolio, and so I think that gives us a
lot of flexibility where we don't -- we aren't in a position where we have to go out and transact and look at
acquisitions or mergers.

But I would also tell you that at the end of the day, we're very focused on maximizing our growth in
shareholder value and so keeping a kind of a firm eye on the opportunity set. And if things develop, if
market conditions drive an opportunity that would be accretive and consistent with the existing portfolio
and the capital allocation priorities that we've talked about, then that would certainly be an opportunity
that we'd look at. I don't think we take anything off the table when it comes to thinking about the future
and how we might leverage our capacities. And then if we find somebody where we can find some
synergies with their capabilities and ours and to take advantage of that and together grow value at a rate
faster than we can organically.

But I'll come back to and finish on the point that I started with is we -- the portfolio we've got is pretty
attractive. It's going to -- whatever we do is going to have to compete with that attractive portfolio. We
feel real good about that. We'll keep an eye open, but it's nice not to be in a position where we have to do
something.

Operator

We'll take our last question then from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Darren, thanks for coming on these calls. I know investors value the transparency. And hopefully, you can
keep this up regularly, not just once a year.

I guess my first question is just on the Board changes. Exxon has announced some changes to Board
representation. You're obviously in the middle of a proxy contest going into the shareholder meeting. Can
you just talk about, from your perspective, Darren, why you think that the current set of Boards -- the
current Board best represents the interest of shareholders and some of the changes that you made and
what these changes are able to deliver for the shareholder?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Well, Neil, and I'd just start by pointing out, this is the second time this year I've been on the call. So I've
doubled from your once a year.

With respect, I think, to the Board and how we think about that, first comment I would make is since I've
been in this job, been engaging with shareholders pretty consistently and listening to their perspectives
and taking their feedback on. And I think as a result of that, you've seen quite a bit of change in terms
of how we interface with the shareholders and in fact, with you and your community. So I think we are
responding to the feedback that we get.

I would tell you that every decision that the Board has made with new directors, and we've brought on 6
since I came into the chair in 2017 have all been in response to and related to the feedback that we've
been getting to our shareholders. In terms of the types of competencies and skill sets that they think
would benefit our company and managing for the future. And frankly, that continues to be an ongoing
dialogue, and we continue to look for what are the capabilities and skills required to successfully manage a
business like ours.

If you look at the Board we have today, and how we -- the Board Affairs Committee goes through the
processes, I think, first, you got to recognize this is a big business that spans the globe and also spans
a number of different industrial sectors, consumer product sectors, very complicated, a lot of challenges
across the different countries and across the different businesses. And so really look to make sure that the
folks that we bring into the Board have the perspective and the experience of managing global businesses,
complex businesses, ones that span the globe and ones that have the kind of challenges that we see.

Obviously, if you look at the industry and our company over time, technology and the evolution of
technology and how that applies to our business has been a really important part of the value creation
that we've driven over the years and a really important part in terms of the future and how that evolves.
And so technology and understanding the technology, engineering science is an important part of things
that we look for in terms of the skills and capabilities of the investors of our Board members.

If you think about the capital intensity of the business and how we are so intimately tied into economic
growth in economies around the world and people standards of living, directors have had that experience
in managing, I think, is important. And you can see that in some of our directors that have that
experience in capital-intensive linked closely to economic activity. So that's important.

And then I think the third point I would make is understanding of and experience in transitioning
businesses. And from our perspective, it's not necessarily transitioning an energy company. It's
transitioning business with fundamental drivers, how you think about the changes in those fundamental
drivers and how you effectively respond to those changes while creating shareholder value. And if you
look at the folks that we have on the Board, a number of our individuals have really pertinent and relevant
experience to managing large corporations successfully through transitions, albeit potentially in different
industries.

We also look to bring on industry experience that I would tell you has been a capability and competencies
that we've been working to fill for quite some time. It's challenging to find someone who has the relevant
experience and can relate to all the businesses that we're in, the scale that we're in and the global
coverage. And I think we were very lucky last year to engage with Wan Zul after he retired in the middle
of 2020, and very pleased that he came on the Board and bring some of the experience from Asia, which

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

is obviously a really important region for our company and the fact that that's where a lot of the growth is
happening. So that was a big advantage.

And then the final point I'll make with respect to some of the new directors that we brought on is thinking
about a transition with all the uncertainties associated with it and the challenge is how to best allocate
your capital in that space and make sure that, one, that you're moving the business in the direction
consistent with some of those broader trends, but doing it in a way that protects shareholder value and
generates returns. And so I think some of the new directors have got some really good -- a really good
track record in thinking through and doing that and has been bringing some of that additional perspective
to many of our existing directors who also have that capital allocation experience.

And so I think we've got a really experienced Board with a lot of complementary skills. And the final point
I would make, which is really, really important is the chemistry of the Board, the culture that we have, the
willingness for those directors to work collectively, collaboratively to engage, discuss, debate, I think, is
absolutely critical. And what we find today is our Board meetings, a lot of discussion, a lot of exploring,
debating and all done in a very constructive way, all done focused on driving -- ultimately driving value.
And so it's, I think, a very healthy Board that respects one another, but is very focused at the same time
in driving value. And they've been a big part in helping reshape the company and setting us on the path
that we're on now.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

The follow-up question is just on Slide 16. As you think about your growth projects. You talked a little bit
about Guyana. Can you just flush out more just how big do you see this asset becoming over time? And
what are the next big milestones we should be looking out for?

And you didn't mention greenfield LNG projects. As you think about those in the Q, where do those stand
in terms of the projects that you'd look to move forward over the next 5 years?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Sure. I would think with Guyana, with respect to the potential of that resource base, it is -- we've talked
about 9 billion oil equivalent barrels. I would tell you that is the current estimate and that I would expect
it to grow. The recent announcement we made with Uaru-2 confirmed a deeper play. And so I think
additional opportunity or suggestive of an additional opportunity and resources that we haven't fully
quantified yet. So I think it's a very rich set of opportunities that we're going to continue to progress.

And I wouldn't look for a big bang per se. I would look for a continued and steady progression of bringing
those opportunities to market. I think we've laid out a plan that's pretty consistent with that, working very
closely with the government and the people of Guyana to continue to progress that resource. And really
bring a lot of economic opportunity to the country and the people of Guyana. And I think we're beginning
to see the benefits of that manifest themselves, and we'll continue to contribute on a ratable basis there.
So I would just say a good, steady drumbeat of improvement as we move through those development
and those projects. I think today, we're talking a potential for 7 to 10 FPSOs, 6 projects online by 2027.
So we feel really good about what we're finding in Guyana and a very constructive engagement with the
government in terms of those developments.

With respect to LNG, obviously, gas is going to continue to play a really important role. As economies
around the world develop, populations grow, people standards of living grow is all going to require power
generation, and gas is going to continue to play an important role, in part because it's a really good
substitute for coal and the fact that it's got much lower emissions, obviously, and lower particulate.

It also has the potential with time to basically be used in making hydrogen, and that could play a role
going forward as well. So I think gas is going to continue to be a really important part as societies and
economies grow and as we move into lower carbon future.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

And so in that context, the LNG opportunities remain an important part of the portfolio, and we continue
to work very closely with the governments around progressing discussions on how we continue to build
on the portfolio that we have and expand those opportunities and do it in a way that both benefits the
countries and the communities in those countries but at the same time, are attractive to us and compete
within our portfolio. And so that work goes on. We're continuing to have very constructive conversations.
And I would expect to see those advance at a pace that's consistent with those conversations landing at
the right frameworks for progressing those projects.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Congrats on a good quarter.

Darren W. Woods
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO

Thanks, Neil.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary

Okay. Thank you, Darren, for participating. I want to thank the audience for your time and thoughtful
questions this morning. We appreciate your interest and the opportunity to highlight our first quarter
results. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you, and please be safe.

Operator
And that does conclude today's conference. We thank everyone again for their participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

