Exxon Mobil Corporation NYSE:XOM
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, October 30, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(0.25)

(0.18)

NM

0.03

(0.37)

1.37

Revenue  (mm)

48356.88

46199.00

(4.46 %)

51195.26

182192.52

215697.32

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-29-2020 9:18 AM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.45

0.05

(0.60)

(0.25)

0.41

0.53

(0.70)

(0.18)

SURPRISE

(8.89 %)

960.00 %

NM

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew P. Swiger
Senior VP & Principal Financial
Officer

Darren W. Woods
Chairman & CEO

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations &
Corporate Secretary

ANALYSTS

Devin J. McDermott
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Sam Jeffrey Margolin
Wolfe Research, LLC

Jason Daniel Gabelman
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Jonathon Rigby
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Philip Mulkey Gresh
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to this Exxon Mobil Corporation Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call.
Today's call is being recorded.

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations and Secretary, Mr.
Stephen Littleton. Please go ahead, sir.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary

Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter earnings call. We appreciate your
participation and continued interest in ExxonMobil. I am Stephen Littleton, Vice President of Investor
Relations.

Before getting started, I wanted to say that I hope all of you on the call, your families and colleagues, are
safe in light of the challenges our world continues to face as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.

Joining me today are Senior Vice President of ExxonMobil, Andy Swiger, the Corporation's Principal
Financial Officer; and Jack Williams, who oversees the Downstream and Chemical businesses. After I cover
the quarterly financial and operating results, Andy and Jack will provide their perspectives, including an
update on the steps we're taking to navigate the current market environment.

Following those remarks, I will be happy to address specifics on the quarterly reported results, while Andy
and Jack will take your questions on broader themes, including market dynamics and the recovery, the
corporation's response, our financial and strategic priorities, progress on our drive for efficiencies and
updates on major projects. Our comments this morning will reference the slides available on the Investors
section of our website.

I would also like to draw your attention to the cautionary statement on Slide 2 and the supplemental
information at the end of this presentation.

I'll now highlight developments since the second quarter of this year on the next slide. In the Upstream,
liquids realizations increased by approximately 75%, with demand and prices recovering from the lows
encountered in the second quarter. This more than offset lower gas realizations. As market conditions
improve, all economic curtailments were brought back online by the end of the quarter. However,
government-mandated curtailments continued through the quarter.

Despite the considerable challenges associated with the pandemic, we have been able to achieve our best-
ever safety and best reliability performance in the Upstream in 5 years.

We continue to progress industry advantage developments in Guyana with the FID of Payara. In addition,
we announced 2 new discoveries on the Stabroek Block, Yellowtail and Redtail, marking our 17th and 18th
discoveries in Guyana.

In the Downstream, we achieved the best reliability and safety performance in the last 10 years.
Unfortunately, industry refining margins fell to record lows, reflecting continued excess industry capacity
and high levels of product inventory.

Bottom-of-cycle conditions persist in the Chemical business, with margins falling from the second quarter,
primarily impacted by higher feedstock costs. Demand remained resilient, with continued strength in the
packaging and hygiene segments and recovery in the automotive and construction sectors.

Across the corporation, we reduced CapEx by over $1 billion from the second quarter, making further
progress towards our 30% reduction target. During the quarter, we signed an agreement with Global
Clean Energy Holdings to annually purchase 2.5 million barrels of renewable diesel for 5 years starting in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

2022. We also expanded a joint agreement with Global Thermostat to advance and scale direct air capture
technology that removes carbon dioxide directly from the atmosphere.

Let's move to Slide 4 for an overview of third quarter results. The table on the left provides a view of third
quarter results relative to the second quarter. Starting with the second quarter, the reported loss of $1.1
billion included favorable identified items of $1.9 billion, driven by the noncash inventory adjustments we
noted in the second quarter. Excluding these items, the second quarter was a loss of $3 billion.

Third quarter results were a loss of $700 million, including a $100 million noncash benefit from inventory
valuation. Excluding identified items, there was an $800 million loss in the third quarter, a $2.2 billion
improvement from the second quarter. Significant improvement in Upstream liquids price was partially
offset by lower gas realizations as well as lower refining margins. Higher volumes across all 3 of our
businesses increased earnings by $700 million as demand continued to recover from the unprecedented
levels seen in the second quarter.

Finally, lower operating expenses improved earnings by an additional $200 million compared to the
second quarter. It's worth noting that the benefit of OpEx savings delivered by our organization increased
earnings by $1 billion versus the third quarter of 2019.

On the next slides, I will cover a brief summary of results for each business. Note that the earnings
comments are excluding identified items.

Upstream earnings increased by approximately $1.5 billion driven by higher liquids prices, partially
offset by lower gas realizations mainly due to a lag in crude index LNG contract pricing. Volume impacts,
including the recovery of economic curtailments, increased earnings by $140 million. Lower expenses,
including the benefits of captured structural efficiencies, improved earnings by another $110 million.

Moving to Slide 6 is a comparison of third quarter 2020 results relative to third quarter 2019. Upstream
earnings decreased by approximately $2.5 billion compared to the third quarter of 2019, reflecting the
current price environment. The unfavorable volume impact was driven by curtailments and divestments.
Lower production and exploration expenses were offset by unfavorable onetime tax items.

On Slide 7, Upstream volumes increased by 34,000 oil equivalent barrels per day compared to the second
quarter. With the challenging market conditions, we curtailed production in unconventional and heavy oil
assets starting in April. By the end of September, those volumes were back online. Government-mandated
reductions were implemented in May and continued through the third quarter. Those curtailments
averaged 140,000 oil equivalent barrels per day.

Despite the environment, we achieved growth of 50,000 oil equivalent barrels per day, primarily in the
Permian. Scheduled maintenance in a third-party diluent supply outage at Kearl decreased volumes by
90,000 oil equivalent barrels per day. Decline was partially offset by higher entitlements.

Moving to Slide 8, compared to the third quarter of 2019, Upstream volumes decreased by approximately
230,000 oil equivalent barrels per day. Volumes were lower due to curtailments mentioned on the prior
slide as well as the divestment of our Norway nonoperated assets at the end of 2019. Despite the current
business environment, we saw continued liquids growth from Permian, Abu Dhabi and Guyana.

Moving to the Downstream on Slide 9. Earnings increased by approximately $380 million relative to the
second quarter. Margin increased by $70 million. Despite record low industry margins, which decreased
earnings by $470 million, favorable trading, supply chain impacts and marketing margins more than offset
these impacts.

Demand recovery, primarily in road raw transportation fuels and on lubricants, increased earnings by
$300 million. We spared about 25% of refining capacity in the third quarter. Reduced expenses, including
savings from maintenance and turnaround efficiencies and fewer contractors, increased earnings by $60
million.

Moving to the next slide, I will discuss Downstream results relative to the third quarter 2019. Earnings
decreased approximately $1.5 billion, primarily driven by the low industry margin environment I just

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

discussed. This was partially offset by $400 million of favorable trading, optimization and marketing
margins. Lower volumes associated with COVID-19 demand destruction decreased earnings by $80
million. We continue to see the benefit of expense reductions and efficiencies, which improved earnings by
$360 million.

On Slide 11, I will discuss Chemical results. Chemical earnings increased by almost $200 million from the
second quarter. Lower margins reduced earnings by $80 million, reflecting higher feedstock costs. Strong
reliability, coupled with improved demand, resulted in higher volumes which increased earnings by $220
million.

It is worth noting in the third quarter, polyethylene sales were a record high. This also highlights our
strong reliability in the quarter. We continue to capture market and supply chain efficiencies. Reduced
expenses, including reduced contracted utilization and activity pacing improved earnings by $40 million.

Turning to Slide 12. Chemical earnings increased by more than $300 million relative to the third quarter of
2019. Earnings improved due to higher margins from lower feed costs and higher sales volumes. We also
benefited from our cost reduction efforts, which improved earnings by $170 million in the quarter.

The next slide provides an update on the progress we made reducing our costs. In April, we set a target
to reduce 2020 cash operating expenses by 15%. Through the third quarter, we are on track to exceed the
reduction target, delivering additional cost savings. Cash operating costs are approximately 20% lower
versus the third quarter of 2019 and are down almost 15% relative to the first quarter of this year.

The cost reductions reflect decreased activity, maintenance and turnaround efficiencies, reduced
contractor rates and lower logistics and supply chain costs. The reorganization of our businesses along
value chains has been critical in identifying and delivering these improvements. Importantly, we have
realized these savings while improving safety, reliability and the environmental performance of our
operations.

Now moving on to capital spend on Slide 14. Third quarter capital spending was down more than 20%
versus the second quarter. Reductions continue to be driven by pacing of short-cycle unconventional
investment. In the third quarter, we also reduced Downstream project spend as we ramped down activity.
Importantly, our corporate project organization in collaboration with our contractors have managed to
more than offset the cost of deferral, preserving the overall value of the projects. Jack will share some
additional details later in the call on this.

Let's turn to the next page where you can see the impact of these activities on our cash profile. Third
quarter cash flow from operating activities was up $4.4 billion from the second quarter, with higher crude
prices, increased volumes and the benefits of OpEx savings. We also saw a benefit from working capital
with lower product inventory. Gross debt decreased by about $700 million to $68.8 billion. We ended the
quarter with $8.8 billion of cash.

Turning to Slide 16. I will cover a few key considerations for the fourth quarter. In the Upstream,
production is expected to remain in line with the third quarter. The announced government-mandated
production curtailments are expected to average 220,000 oil equivalent barrels in the quarter, an
increase of approximately 80,000 oil equivalent barrels from the third quarter. The impacts of increased
curtailments are anticipated to be offset by seasonally higher European gas demand.

In the Downstream, we anticipate demand to be roughly in line with the third quarter with higher
scheduled maintenance. In Chemical, we anticipate margins to be impacted by increased supply from
capacity additions and improved industry utilization with the recovery from hurricanes and reliability
events. Our scheduled maintenance is expected to be in line with third quarter. Corporate and financing
expenses are anticipated to be about $900 million. Capital spending is expected to be higher than the
third quarter with onetime milestone project payments.

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Andy.

Andrew P. Swiger
Senior VP & Principal Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Thank you, Stephen. First and foremost, we hope all of you and your families are safe and healthy. As
we've discussed on previous calls, the challenges presented by COVID-19 are unlike anything the industry
has ever seen, as is the response of our employees and contractors. They have gone to great lengths to
safely maintain operations, manufacture and deliver the products society needs for sanitation and hygiene,
as well as provide the fuels that ensure these and other critical supplies get to the places they are needed.
They have responded to unprecedented market conditions with all 3 of our businesses at or significantly
below bottom-of-cycle conditions.

We could not be more proud of the exceptional efforts and response of our workforce. We are navigating
this near-term uncertainty by achieving record safety and reliability performance, delivering better-than-
expected cash savings that are on pace to exceed our 2020 OpEx and CapEx targets while maintaining
operations integrity, and pacing projects to preserve long-term value and position us for the eventual
recovery.

This slide shows the demand impact of the pandemic, the corresponding industry response and third-
party projections for the market recovery after the second quarter lows. Crude and product inventories
rose to a peak in June as the reduction in demand outpaced supply cuts. In the third quarter, inventories
have started to fall as demand recovers and exceeds current supply levels. Third-party estimates suggest
liquids inventory decreased by about 200 million barrels in the third quarter, and they expect demand to
return to pre-COVID levels in 2021.

Of course, the demand projections shown here lead to a few critical questions. How will the supply
respond? What will be the resulting supply and demand balance? And what price is required to achieve
this? In light of this, it is worth looking at the fundamentals.

Let's start with the next slide with Upstream supply. In the Upstream, which is a depletion business,
capital investment is required to add supply to offset ongoing decline. This chart shows an obvious but
sometimes overlooked relationship. Industry investment levels rise and fall with price, or more specifically,
the industry's level of revenue. Low price environments lead to low investment levels and, therefore, less
new supply to offset depletion. Eventually, available supply declines, leading to a tight supply and demand
balance and higher prices.

Over the past 5 years, we have seen a steady decline in conventional spending, which has been somewhat
offset by North American unconventional growth. Pre-pandemic, the industry was already investing at
levels below historic rates and below what would be required to meet future demand and overcome
natural depletion, all of this based on recent estimates from the International Energy Agency.

The overall impact of the pandemic this year has been dramatic, significantly reducing current investment
levels, which exacerbates the problem. On top of this, industry exploration continues at multi-decade lows.
Meanwhile, underlying production decline of 5% to 6% per year continues relentlessly.

Looking forward, if the industry is to meet credible third-party estimates for energy demand, we will need
to significantly increase investments. This is shown here with a range of third-party estimates for the
required level of future investments. For the industry to fund this level of investments, prices will have to
rise.

With that, I now turn it over to Jack.

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Thanks, Andy. Moving to Slide 22. I'm going to extend the point Andy just made on crude prices to
refining and Chemical margins. This chart puts the current refining and Chemical margins into the context
of the last 20 years.

Refining is a highly cyclical industry with significant ups and downs. But today's net refining margins are
below any low experienced in the prior 20 years. Demand for diesel and gasoline has recovered much
faster than jet, which is still 45% below pre-COVID levels. The large differences in the demand recovery
for the different transportation fuels put significant pressure on refinery operations, with excess jet

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

production having to be blended into other products, which has driven second quarter and third quarter
net refinery margins negative and to record low levels.

Chemical margins are also close to the bottom-of-cycle conditions. Although chemical demand has
remained strong, particularly in the packaging and medical markets, the excess supply from major
investments on the Gulf Coast and Asia continues to pressure margins. Industry is responding by shutting
down capacity in refining and pushing out new investments in chemicals. This is a typical response we
have seen historically as producers struggle to maintain operations in very challenging financial conditions.
We expect this will continue until supply and demand come into balance and margins recover.

So in summary, we see a recovery on the horizon across each of our businesses. We believe it is less
a matter of if, but more a matter of when. This uncertainty led to actions we've taken this year, which
underpins our plans for 2021. As was mentioned on this call last quarter, we acted quickly and decisively
earlier this year to the challenging economic environment, while retaining flexibility and positioning the
business for the recovery that will inevitably come.

Looking to 2021, we're focused on continuing this year's progress. Despite the challenging environment
resulting from COVID, our operations are delivering world-class performance. Our safety and the reliability
of our operations have been at or close to record levels in all 3 of our businesses. We're committed to
maintaining this performance in 2021.

In terms of cash OpEx, in April, we gave the organization a target to reduce operating expenses for the
year by 15%. We're well on our way to delivering even larger reductions and will achieve further structural
efficiencies next year. We reduced this year's CapEx plan by 30% to $23 billion, and similar to OpEx,
expect to finish the year below our reduction target.

To achieve this, we took steps to delay or postpone projects in construction. We challenged our
organization and partners to offset any value impact from these delays with additional execution
efficiencies, and our project teams delivered. In 2021, we expect to drive CapEx lower than this year to
between $16 billion and $19 billion.

Portfolio high-grading activities are continuing. While current conditions are challenging, we're making
progress and anticipate additional assets in the market over the next 12 months.

And finally, there'll be no change to our capital allocation priorities of investing in industry-advantaged
projects, maintaining a strong balance sheet and paying a reliable dividend.

The progress we've made this year gives us confidence as we head into 2021. The work done over the last
couple of years to improve our organization and drive efficiencies paid off in responding to the pandemic.
Let me cover this in a little more detail.

A critical change has been the move from an organization focused on our functions to an organization
aligned along the value chains of our businesses. This reduced the senior leadership structure and
associated overhead, while improving line of sight across the business and increasing efforts to drive
higher value from our assets.

The new organization is also giving us the opportunity for deeper structural efficiencies, which we began
working on in the second half of last year. As the pandemic hit, we were well positioned to accelerate the
implementation of these efficiencies in response to the significant deterioration of economic conditions.

The structural changes include a significant reduction in the size of our workforce, driven by increasing
spans of control, high-grading activities, accelerating the use of digital technologies and leveraging the
lower activity levels. These workforce reductions have been developed on a country-by-country, business-
by-business basis. As you're likely aware, we've recently made announcements in Australia, Europe and
then here in the U.S. this week.

Overall, we anticipate a reduction in our global workforce, which includes employees and contractors, of
15% by year-end 2022 versus 2019 staffing levels. The vast majority of these reductions are occurring in
above-field or above-site organizations. Our operating organizations are driving further cost reductions in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

areas such as maintenance and logistics and supply chain, while continuing their focus on delivering world-
class safety, reliability and environmental performance.

Our global projects organization formed last year continues to build on our industry-leading project
execution competency. This organization is focused on prioritizing our project portfolio to maximize value
while capturing efficiencies in the current market.

A single corporate organization for project execution has been critical in leveraging the scale of the
corporation's investments, and effectively working with the contractor community, our partners and host
governments to efficiently reduce spend while preserving optionality and long-term value.

Our projects organization is managing the industry's most attractive portfolio of projects. We continue to
aggressively advance our highest value projects and maintain exploration activities in both Guyana and
Brazil.

We are also taking advantage of the more favorable cost environment to progress the Corpus Christi
chemical project and deliver it ahead of schedule and underbudget. We're efficiently pacing short-cycle
Permian developments and working with our partners to defer other Downstream, Chemical and LNG
projects.

Importantly, we are not canceling any projects that are in execution or in the funding process. These
remain attractive investments. And while the value of these projects may be deferred, it will not be
diminished.

Let me now turn to our progress in Guyana. With the announcement of 2 discoveries on the Stabroek
blocks during the quarter at Yellowtail-2 and Redtail-2, the recoverable resource estimate is now
approaching 9 billion oil equivalent barrels, positioning it as the largest new conventional liquids play
in the last decade. The Liza-2 project remains on schedule for a 2022 start-up, the FPSO is under
construction in Singapore and the first offshore installation campaign is underway.

Also in the quarter, we sanctioned the Payara project, our third major deepwater development on the
Stabroek block. We anticipate first production in 2024 and will have a capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil
per day and a resource base of 600 million barrels of oil. The FPSO construction will follow Liza-2, utilizing
many of the same contractors and fabrication yards.

And we're building out the in-country community required to be successful over the long term. In total,
there are now more than 2,000 Guyanese citizens supporting the project activities and more than 2,500
Guyanese companies registered with the project's Centre for Local Business Development that is focused
on building local business capacity.

Turning to the Permian. Our focus in the Permian is on preserving value as we continue to pace our
activity levels. We expect Permian production to total about 360,000 oil equivalent barrels per day this
year, which is about 1/3 higher than last year and consistent with our plan, despite a more than 35%
reduction in CapEx spend and a 14,000 barrel per day year-to-date reduction due to COVID-related
economic curtailments. Our teams have done an exceptional job in driving down drilling and completion
costs through improved performance and productivity.

We're currently operating about 15 rigs as we head into next year, and we expect further reductions
stabilizing at around 10 to 12 rigs. We will obviously keep a close eye on the market and make necessary
adjustments as the environment evolves. At this time, our expectation is that our development activity
level will hold fairly steady in 2021. With current plans, next year's production is expected to average
approximately 400,000 oil equivalent barrels per day.

At this time, I'll hand the call back over to Andy to talk about our portfolio prioritization.

Andrew P. Swiger
Senior VP & Principal Financial Officer

Thanks. As Jack just highlighted, we have an attractive set of investment opportunities that is continuing
to grow. With the constraints brought on by the pandemic, we are actively managing this portfolio of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

investments with a focus on advancing our highest-value projects. As our opportunity set grows and
conditions evolve, we continue to reassess our investment portfolio and prioritize our spend.

Each project must remain advantaged versus industry and competitive with our other opportunities. We
work to ensure our assets remain a good strategic fit, provide material growth potential and ultimately
create differentiating value. This is a continuous process and an essential element of our annual planning
process. It is particularly important this year as we work to develop plans within the constraints brought
on by the pandemic.

With the challenging price environment and our current debt levels, added emphasis is being placed
on evaluating our entire portfolio for the potential of additional asset divestments. While continuing
to progress our previously announced divestment program of $15 billion, we may expand it through a
reevaluation of our North American dry gas assets, which are currently included in the corporation's long-
term development plan. More specifically, we are evaluating the opportunity to bring the value of some
of these assets forward by removing them from the development plan and marketing them through our
divestment program.

In total, the assets under consideration have carrying values of approximately $25 billion to $30 billion,
which could be at risk for impairment depending on the candidates for divestment and the current
estimate of their market value. We expect to complete the review as part of our plan process, which will
be finalized with the Board in November and will be shared with all of you as part of future earnings calls
and at our analyst meeting early next year.

Given the importance of the current market conditions on our plans and decisions, I'd like to return to the
price and margin environment and the earnings potential of the corporation.

Historically, our 3 businesses, each significant in the industry, are typically at different points in their
business cycles which helps mitigate the impacts of their down cycles. In this unprecedented environment,
all 3 businesses are simultaneously experiencing prices and margins below the 10-year range, significantly
impacting the corporation's earnings.

We see the impact in the broader industry, with mounting losses, reduced investments and increased
closures. And while questions remain around future demand recovery, one thing is certain: Current
conditions cannot continue. Supply and demand will eventually meet. Prices and margins will respond.
This suggests there is much more margin and price upside than downside going forward, and therefore, an
expected increase in earnings.

For perspective, the earnings range over the prior 10-year period has been between $2 billion and $8
billion per year in the Downstream and between $1 billion and $5 billion per year in Chemical, a far cry
from where we are today. And while we may not see a return to average earnings in the near term,
we should at least move to the bottom end of the historic range, which we see as the minimum levels
demonstrated by a decade of industry experience.

This is the basis upon which we are building next year's plan. If we see a recovery just to the bottom of
the 10-year range and a Brent crude price in the range of credible third-party estimates, we will be able to
maintain the dividend while holding gross debt flat with second quarter levels.

This morning, we've given you an overview of how we are navigating the challenging near-term market
environment and discussed how market forces will restore supply and demand balances and improve the
price and margin environment. The longer-term fundamentals remain robust. Economies will recover.
People's lives will improve, and the demand for energy will grow.

In the short term, you've seen adjustments in our capital allocation. But our long-term capital allocation
priorities remain unchanged: investing in advantaged projects, maintaining a strong balance sheet and
paying a reliable and growing dividend.

We're developing a 2021 plan consistent with the uncertainties and in line with the simultaneous low
margins and prices in each of our businesses. Our CapEx will be further reduced to the range of $16
billion to $19 billion. We're further reducing our cash operating expense with a focus on overhead. We are

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

looking to increase divestments and working to maintain the dividend while holding gross debt at second
quarter levels.

Of course, we all recognize the uncertainty in today's market. We are keeping a close eye on
developments and, importantly, are maintaining the flexibility to respond as conditions evolve.

With that, I'll turn it back to Jack.

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Before we open up the lines for your questions, I want to reemphasize that we're pleased with the
operational performance we've achieved. We're on track to better the spending targets we established
earlier this year, and we're positioning our portfolio for the future.

And with that, I'll hand it back to Stephen to begin our Q&A session.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary
Thank you for your comments, Jack and Andy. We'll now be more than happy to take any questions you
might have. Operator, please open up the phone lines for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Sam Margolin with Wolfe Research.

Sam Jeffrey Margolin
Wolfe Research, LLC

So on the capital program, you guys basically already gave us a hint as to sort of the categories that
you're committed to at close to pre-COVID levels and the ones that you see the most opportunity to pare
back. So I guess I'll just focus my first question on the Permian. How much capital reduction in 2021 was
already built in because you've completed a lot of your facilities and infrastructure spend by that point?
And then how much do you think is the reduction in activity from what was planned before the crisis?

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Yes. Thanks for the question, Sam. I mentioned earlier, we're at 15 rigs now going down to about 10. We
think 10 to 12 rigs will be where we're going to be in '21, of course, with an eye towards what the market
does. That's substantially down from our earlier plans, where we are planning to continue to more or less
stay at a rig level in the kind of 50 rig -- 50 to 60 rig level in the Permian. But it is substantially down.

But look, I just want to just reinforce that the decision to reduce the spend due to the cash flow
constraints is not at all a reflection of our development results. It's quite to the contrary. We're very
pleased with how things are going. I mentioned the efficiency improvement that we've seen. We're
continuing to gain experience with the cube developments and confirming those are a lot of value in that
approach. So we're very confident in the quality of the resource, including the unique development plan
we have in the Delaware Basin and then also the logistics integration we have in the Gulf Coast.

So we really like what we're seeing out there. We're just going to curtail activity because we have the
discretion to do so and defer and move some of that capital to other opportunities.

Sam Jeffrey Margolin
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. Great. And I think -- I have a follow-up and I think it's for Andy, and it's about asset sales. A lot of
your businesses are organized in JVs and equity affiliates. And from the perspective of a stock analyst,
that usually doesn't mean anything. But right now, the dividend at Exxon's level is stressed, just given the
environment. And that's a problem because it doesn't always align with the capital priorities of affiliates.

So instead of thinking about disposals by asset category or segment, does it make sense to think about
them from the perspective of asset class, and maybe affiliate positions and JVs are a logical place to look
for disposals because at the very least you sort of align production with your cash, your uses of cash
priorities?

Andrew P. Swiger
Senior VP & Principal Financial Officer

Sam, thanks for the question. Our review for divestment candidates is just quite comprehensive, and it
looks across every sort of different way you can cut the business in terms of what we think is no longer a
strategic fit, meets other criteria for divestment, regardless of whether it's in a JV, an equity company or a
more conventional type arrangement there.

So as we go through this and as a process of continual review -- renewal and review, we don't really find
the sort of categories that you have suggested as being -- as representing any sort of a barrier to the
analysis. There may be some friction depending on agreements in some of these arrangements and so
forth. But by and large, we have exhaustively we've worked with the operator or the other partners to
reach a resolution and be able to put the right assets into the market at the right time.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Devin McDermott with Morgan Stanley.

We'll move on to Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.

Philip Mulkey Gresh
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Can you hear me?

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary

Yes, Phil.

Philip Mulkey Gresh
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Great. Andy, I want to come back to Slide 29, where you're talking about the dividend coverage
potential in 2021. If I look at the oil price, you're implying for the third quarter being at the low end of
the historic range, around $40 oil, and then the assumed recovery in refining margins there. I think the
2021 would imply the $2 billion of the $2 billion to $8 billion recovery there to get back to the low end, if
I understood that correctly. So I guess, are you trying to imply that you think you can -- if you get a little
bit of a recovery in refining that you can cover your dividend in the low 40s organically?

Andrew P. Swiger
Senior VP & Principal Financial Officer

I think let me -- this is a really important point and I think a question that's on a lot of people's minds. So
I'd like to take a little bit of time to go back through and really cover the way we're thinking about this.

From an overall messaging point, our objective is to maintain the dividend, advance the highest value
investments and maintain the debt at a cost-competitive limit. With prices at the low end of historical
ranges, looking at those bars there at the low end of those historical ranges, the plans we're working on
accomplished this, it will accomplish this.

Why is that? The actions we've taken: the OpEx reduction; the workforce reduction; capital reduction to
a level optimized to preserve long-term value; debt at a level that preserves flexibility and access to debt
markets; and prices and margins, as we've said, at historic lows across all 3 businesses. That's obviously
not where we are today when you look at those diamonds.

But if you look at the mounting losses across the industry, the reduced investments we've seen, the
rationalizations, the project cancellations, the deferrals, it's clear to us that we're going to see an
improvement in the industry. Our base plan conservatively assumes a gradual economic recovery and
modest prices, unlike our past plans, and consistent with third-party ranges, including the oil price, which
you asked about.

It's really hard to predict the pace and the path of recovery for each of the businesses. And they do offset
to some extent, as we've talked about here. As an example, our gas business is currently running ahead
of our assumptions. Refining is also up, as you point out, from the third quarter lows. We have built some
contingency into our plans and believe we have enough to accommodate the uncertainty. But as I said, we
keep a close eye on the developments.

Philip Mulkey Gresh
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I guess, maybe to clarify before my second question. Are you implying any amount of asset sale proceeds
in your ability to maintain the dividend without increasing gross debt in 2021?

Andrew P. Swiger

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Senior VP & Principal Financial Officer

The plans have a modest amount of asset sales in there. As I said, we have a lot in the market. We are in
active discussions. We have bids coming in. And again, as I also talked about, we're looking at the plans
and finalizing the plans and potentially putting even more into the market. So there's a modest level of
asset sales in those plans.

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

That's not just the Upstream, also the Downstream as well.

Andrew P. Swiger
Senior VP & Principal Financial Officer

Across the businesses.

Philip Mulkey Gresh
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Right. Okay. And do you have a broader view on 2021 production overall? Just -- obviously, you said the
Permian is going to grow. But at this level of capital spending, $16 billion to $19 billion, how would that
correlate to what production could look like more broadly?

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Yes, Phil, as you can imagine, it's pretty difficult to get a good grasp on what production is going to do in
2021 with all the curtailments. And we're certainly not going to get out in front and try to predict what
OPEC is going to do. And we're producing in several of those countries, so there's a lot -- there's a wide
band of uncertainty. But broadly speaking, we would see production staying about flat year-on-year.

Operator

Next, we'll go to Jeanine Wai with Barclays.

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

My first question is just continuing on with the balance sheet and dividend line of questions. And I don't
mean to keep hitting on it, but I think it is important for the market and investors. So we appreciate all
the details on '21. There's still some uncertainty about Exxon not intending to take on the additional debt.

But can you just clarify that if -- in the event that realized prices and margins are lower than your
expectation, can you just clarify whether you would take on additional debt in order to fund high-return
projects along with the dividend? Or is your comment intended to signal that the company does not intend
to take on any additional debt period?

Andrew P. Swiger
Senior VP & Principal Financial Officer

Jeanine, thanks for the question. As we said in the past, we really want to ensure that we remain
competitive access -- cost-competitive access to debt. Why is that? We do have refinancing needs
going forward in the future as term debt matures. But we also want to maintain a level of balance sheet
flexibility. We believe that going above the $70 billion level, that second quarter level, is going to impact
those objectives.

Again, when we think about what might happen in the future, a lot of hypotheticals there. Our plans
comprehend a bunch of uncertainty. We do need to get back to bottom-of-cycle type conditions -- this
is not a cycle, the pandemic is out with cycle experience there, in order to be able to continue to move
forward in a way that we've talked about. But I would say that if things go on the way they are, if they

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

were to persist this way, and we don't think they will because [ the industry ] can survive, then there are
going to be a lot of measures being taken by a lot of people to react to the situation.

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. That's very helpful. My second question is maybe just looking out to the medium and longer
term and sustaining capital. Last quarter, you identified Downstream and Chemical sustaining capital at
about $2 billion to $4 billion collectively. On the Upstream side, how does the second half '20 run rate
spend compare to what would be considered necessary to maintain productive capacity over the longer
term?

We know that you're spending some money in the back half of this year on several longer-term, medium-
term project growth like Guyana and Tengiz, for example. But will -- those projects that you're spending
on now, will they contribute at a level that's necessary to offset declines elsewhere in the portfolio down
the line?

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Yes. Thanks, Jeanine. Let me take that one. As we -- you think about where we're spending our money
this year, our CapEx this year and where we'll likely be spending in next year, you mentioned Tengiz and
Guyana. The Corpus cracker is another one. Bacalhau in Brazil is another one. And then continuing on with
the Golden Pass development as well. And then we already talked about the Permian. So those are kind of
the headline, large, major projects that are attracting capital today and likely will be in next year.

And then there is a modest amount of -- in all 3 businesses that were spent at kind of the local level, the
plant level, the local field level that's kind of in the low single digits of billions of dollars. So that's kind
of where we're standing right now. And as I mentioned, that's -- we think production is largely going to
be fairly flat next year. And then that's without really much contribution from any of these projects I just
talked about.

So we -- as we look forward, obviously, the rate in which we'll look at potentially growing our CapEx is
going to be dependent on how the market evolves. But we do see growing it over time. We see growing
at a more moderate pace, potentially, than we talked about before. Again, depending on where we see
the market. But we feel the level we've given for 2021 provides sufficient capital to progress the big
developments that we want to, these really industry-leading developments that are ongoing and still
maintaining a modest amount of activity kind of in the base that just, as you said, offsets the decline.

Operator

We'll go back to Devin McDermott with Morgan Stanley.

Devin J. McDermott
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

All right. Hopefully, you can hear me this time. I'm sorry about the phone issues before.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary

We can hear you now, Devin. Thanks.

Devin J. McDermott
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Excellent. So I wanted to ask on the earnings potential across some of your different business units.
In the deck, you have a very helpful Slide 29. You talked about it in the prepared remarks as well that
contextualizes what we're seeing right now relative to history. If you think about those different buckets, 2
areas where we've started to see a recovery back into the 10-year ranges would be chemicals and natural
gas.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

I mean the first question I have is on the Chemical side. If we think about what differentiates Exxon's
portfolio versus a lot of peers historically, you have this large, very profitable, high-return chemicals
business, and it was historically a big cash flow generator. And since we last had strong industry margins,
there's been some expansions and improvements across that business. And it's, I think, kind of hard
from our seat to really drive the difference between moves and some of the benchmark margins, and
underlying profitability and cash flow in the business.

And my question is given what's changed in that portfolio, to the extent that we see a recovery in
chemicals margins back into those historical ranges or something, [ and minus what ] maybe we saw in
2017 or 2018, are there material differences in the business now that would drive cash flow and earnings
higher or lower as we look out over the next few years?

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Thanks, Devin. I appreciate the opportunity to talk about the Chemicals business a little bit. If you look at
where -- why we're doing as well as we are this year in chemicals, it's really this polyethylene weighing we
have that's holding up very well in this kind of COVID environment we're in, as well as some reductions
in operating expenses that's across all the businesses, including chemicals. And that's certainly providing
a tailwind. We're also running very reliably this year. I referred to that earlier. And that has benefited us
because others have had difficulties. And so we've really benefited from a good strong performance.

And then the other kind of unique part of our Chemicals business is this integration with the Downstream.
And that has benefited both the Downstream and Chemicals this year as we've been able to really nimbly
kind of optimize the feedstocks that we've been moving to our crackers and sometimes cracking some
distressed refining streams, and then moving between chemicals and gas a bit as those feedstock prices
moved around. So having a really good year this year in the Chemicals business and certainly helping us
get through this environment.

As you look forward, I mentioned the Corpus cracker that will be coming online at the end of 2021, that's
certainly going to be helpful as we look -- going into the next cycle. And then we have these other projects
that are paused, but not -- certainly not canceled, the polypropylene expansions and then some specialty
chemical expansions, Baytown. And then further out, we're still looking at the opportunity to add a cracker
in China.

So we are adding -- we are looking at investments today, moving forward on investments today, we'll be
substantially adding the Chemicals earnings capacity and cash flow capacity going forward. So as we get
into that next kind of top-of-cycle conditions, I would expect us to be at or above, quite frankly above,
where we've been back in that 2016, '17 time period.

Devin J. McDermott
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. That makes a lot of sense and very helpful color. The second question I have and it's on the other
pillar where we've seen a sharper recovery here is on the natural gas side, and your comments on the call
about the potential divestiture of the North America or U.S. dry gas assets. But the bigger recovery here, I
think, that we've seen is in global LNG moving pretty sharply off of the lows in terms of where prices have
trended over the past few months.

Some of the deferrals and capital also pushed out some of the LNG projects, I think, you had previously
in the plan. I'm just wondering if you could address the role that natural gas and LNG specifically have in
your portfolio going forward. And your views, if you think you have some, on the sustainability of some of
this stronger pricing that we're seeing right now globally for nat gas.

Andrew P. Swiger
Senior VP & Principal Financial Officer

So Devin, thanks for the question. It's a -- obviously, the phenomenon, if I look just first at North America
-- I know your question is LNG, it's driven by people looking at supply and demand balances related to the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

relative underinvestment that's been going on there for a while. That's important because it's also in the
long term. When you think about LNG, that will come into play down the road as well. North America is an
important source of LNG supply these days.

But the concept of underinvestment leading to supply and demand issues in the long term is also
fundamental to the LNG business as well. We have seen a good business continue to go forward in LNG. A
lot of the business is done related to linkages with crude price, index prices, the crude and so forth, so it's
rebounded. It is rebounding with the crude price going up in the third quarter there. That's a good thing.

I think as the world resumes economic growth, you're going to continue to see the LNG business grow
very strongly, probably above GDP as it was before. There is no reason not to believe that's going to
happen as it works its way into more power generation around the world, industrial applications and
so forth. And to the extent that there's a hiatus in LNG investment, and we are deferring some of our
projects for the short-term time, it probably underpins a strong -- continuing strong fundamental future
for that business.

Operator

All right. Your next question comes from Jon Rigby with UBS.

Jonathon Rigby
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So 2 related questions. The first sort of specifically, and you referenced a couple of times, is your ability
to [ just down halt ] projects but maintain value. So classically, that's never been the case, right? If
you start to demobilize people and contractors and then try and remobilize them again, that's a classic
way of getting cost overrun. So I just wondered specifically whether you could go through how you are
addressing that. So I think it would be intrinsically interesting.

And secondly, just philosophically but related to that, I think Darren said in the first quarter that yours
was a 3-legged stool with the balance sheet, the CapEx and the dividend. And you made the point, I think,
rightly, that the CapEx pays for future dividends. So at what point are we going to see you flex in the
balance sheet? You discussed that we can make our own assessments out the dividend, but we can't so
much in terms of the sort of longer-wavelength value creation that supports the longer-term planning of
the business. So how much more flex have you got to keep pushing out what -- you've made the point in
multiple meetings during the March Capital Markets Day that are very good projects. How much flex have
you got to keep pushing those projects out?

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Okay, Jon, that's a bit of a mouthful there. So let me take the first piece on the projects, and then I'll let
Andy address that second question you had.

On the projects and the ability to defer and take pause in some of these projects and not reduce the
value, let me just talk about the global projects organization and the value that organization brings. And
as I mentioned earlier, kind of a single [ face ] to the contractor community, I think this organization is
increasingly unique in industry.

A lot of project management expertise and experience in this organization. And we are going to be, as
we're continuing to look at the workforce, making sure we're keeping that competency because we think
it's very important for our fundamental competitive advantages we have going forward. So we really
leaned on that organization hard as to how we can manage through this period, pause some of these
projects and, as I mentioned earlier, retaining the value.

And so a lot of this is, number one, leveraging a different environment. We have a much different supply-
demand environment on the Gulf Coast today than we had last year, much different, down something like
20%. That creates a different competitive dynamic, and those labor costs are coming down. And we're
able to leverage that not only for the paused projects but for projects we're continuing to execute, with

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

negotiating with those rate -- on what appropriate rates would be. So we had a bit of a kind of a stressed
situation in the Gulf Coast that has eased considerably, and that has helped us with cost.

The other thing we're doing is we're pausing these projects is we're looking at the scopes of projects and
making sure it gives us extra time to go through and scrub those and make sure that they're absolutely
fit-for-purpose, and that we can -- they're absolutely minimum kits. So like, for instance, I mentioned
before that we had taken a pause on the project in Fawley in the U.K. And there's one where we looked at
the scope and we decided we could remove one tank from the scope, and that reduced costs. So things
like that, that we're looking at scopes.

And then the other thing is, in these pause times, we're able to completely finish engineering. And so go
out into the field, restart and have complete engineering done and really have efficient execution once we
get back to construction.

So the organization worked very hard, took a lot of time and made sure for every single project, what
scope do we want to finish, when is the right time to restart, what work are we going to do to get -- to
leave the project in a good shape, what are we going to do in the meantime before we restart and line all
that out. And when you add all that up, we're able to preserve all the value.

So with that, let me hand over to Andy for the second part of the question.

Andrew P. Swiger
Senior VP & Principal Financial Officer

Sure. Hey, the 3-legged stool you referred to that Darren talked about, I mean, that is our capital
allocation priorities: the investing in advantaged projects, the maintaining the strong balance sheet and
the paying the reliable and growing dividend.

The CapEx piece of it is fundamentally important because, as you quite rightly reflect, the CapEx we spend
now is what -- those investments in America, what pay the future dividends. We work very hard on the
2020 and the 2021 CapEx levels to get them to the point where we're maintaining progress on just the
highest priority investments while pausing and deferring the remainder, as Jack just pointed out, doing
that very carefully to ensure that we're preserving the value and all that.

For the programs that we've talked about in 2020 and 2021, that 2021 range of $16 billion to $19 billion,
that is about -- in our judgment, that's the level that we think is the right one there. Obviously, as I said,
we've maintained a little bit of contingency. There's a little bit of flex in all that. But that's really the level
that we have judged to be the right one to balance getting through this crisis we're in now. The pandemic
is way below the bottom of the cycle type thing. Preserve those opportunities and then be able to start
moving the CapEx up in the outer years as the conditions in the world improve. As we have said, they
certainly must, given where the industry is right now.

Operator

We'll go next to Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I guess the first question, there's been a lot certainly that you guys have talked about and that's been
written about carbon. And a lot of your peers have come out with explicit carbon targets. I just wanted to
know where Exxon is in that journey in terms of coming out with carbon targets and how are you thinking
about setting them to the extent that that's the passage you choose to go down.

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Yes. Thanks, Neil. Let me take a step back a little bit on how we see things and what we're doing.
Basically, we see a world where there's going to be more energy going forward through population growth,
through GDP growth, and a lot of that growth in the non-OECD countries, energy consumption is tied to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

the populations and GDP. And we don't think the current solution set is really complete. We think we need
more solutions there. And as you think about the size of the -- and the complexity of the infrastructure we
have today, it's going to take some time to change that.

So to get to your specific question, near term, what are we focusing on, we're focusing on mitigating our
emissions from operations. And with that, we have a commitment to reduce our carbon intensity over
time. And that's what we're working on. And so we kind of released that through our carbon and energy
summary every year, how we're doing in that regard in terms of absolute carbon emissions and also the
intensity. And that's kind of where we're focused.

If you think about the -- all the assets that we had that we're producing back in, I think, 2005, if you look
at those today, we've had a significant reduction in those assets. Now we've brought some new assets on,
but that -- those reductions in the base through things like cogen and energy efficiency have been able to
offset the emissions of the new assets we've brought on.

And then longer term, we really think we need to be focusing on these high-emission sectors: power
gen, commercial transportation and industrial, where the technologies are just insufficient to drive deep
emission reductions. And that's where we're looking for breakthrough technologies. I don't know, Andy, if
you want to talk a little bit about the work we're doing there. And that's where we think we can uniquely
contribute to society in terms of mitigating the risk of climate change.

Andrew P. Swiger
Senior VP & Principal Financial Officer

Yes, Jack, you're absolutely right. The world does not have the complete solution set to get to where
we need to meet that dual challenge of meeting the needs associated with the economic growth, while
reducing emissions. Our focus is on, as Jack said, what we can do in our own operations, the targets set
there, but very much on the technology to fill those solution sets. And we talk a little bit about it in each
earning call. We talked about the Global Thermostat arrangements that we have for direct air capture
upfront. Stephen mentioned that. And you've seen other ones from time to time there.

But we have a large research program ongoing in these sectors. We've talked about algae in the past.
We've talked about carbon capture and sequestration in general many times. These are the things that the
world is going to need, and these are the things that we have a unique capability, in many cases, to take
a lot of the ideas that are out there in society that people come to us and others with and lack the specific
capabilities or capacities to make the advancements in things like material sciences to improve something,
to improve a particular catalyst that might be necessary. And they certainly lack the broad experience of
process engineering that we have that is necessary to bring some of these technologies to scale.

There are many things in flight there, but a lot of it is R&D. And I think in a world that is impatient for
solutions, it's very hard to be patient to allow the R&D to happen. But we are, and we have that kind
of posture towards it. And we certainly hope to be able to talk more and more about that in the coming
years.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary

Andy, if you don't mind, I'd probably add -- give a little bit of perspective on the progress we've made
since our targets that we set back in 2018, one that we said we were going to reduce our methane
emissions by about 15% and flaring by 25%. And Neil, I can tell you, we're clearly on target to not only
achieve that but exceed those targets. So it is a focus area, and it's something that we take very seriously.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And then, Stephen, around carbon specifically, has that -- for many investors is a prerequisite in a world
where ESG is an important part of investing.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Great.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then the follow-up question here is around refining. This question is for you, Jack. As you look
at the next couple of years, recognizing demand is very uncertain, how do you see the refining landscape
playing out? Do you see the market as being structurally oversupplied with tight crude differentials? Or do
you actually see a path where capacity retirements can help to normalize margin over time?

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

I think both of those. I agree with both of the statements. The industry is currently oversupplied, and
rationalizations will work that over time.

Since the start of the pandemic, we've already had 1 million barrels a day of announced refining closures.
So again, as I mentioned earlier, the refining industry is under stress. And as you look to some low- to
medium-conversion refineries, especially those that are not in good geographical locations where you have
a growing demand, they're all underwater.

And so we've already had some closures. I expect there will likely be more. And the deeper, the longer
we stay in this sort of environment, the more announcements will come out. So yes, I do think we're
oversupplied right now, and the market will take care of that through these closures.

Operator

We'll next go to Doug Leggate with Bank of America.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Andy, I'm going to pound a little bit on the dividend, but I'd like to preface my question like this. If the
market is not prepared to pay for the recovery that you're laying out, which it clearly isn't, given where
your stock is trading. Every time you pay a dividend that you can't afford, you're transferring value from
equity to debt or basically your share price is going down. That's basically what's happening right now.

So if the market is not paying you for that dividend, despite the 60-plus years that you've paid this
dividend, why would you continue to do that? And I'm curious what the view of the Board and the credit
agencies are on this issue. And I guess the bottom line is, what conditions would it take for you to say,
you know what, we're not getting paid for this dividend, let's just cut and run and use the cash to preserve
equity value?

Darren W. Woods
Chairman & CEO

Well, Doug, this is something that we have thought long and hard about, discussed with our Board every
quarter when we make the dividend discussion. But I'd tell you, we fully understand the importance of the
dividend to our shareholders. It's very important to them, and we're very thoughtful on that.

What we've done said to ourselves, let's look and see in balancing and capital allocation, and balancing
with how we see the likelihood of the world evolving, what the right plan is to be able to meet our
shareholders' needs, interest in the dividend, at the same time moving the business forward there. So
we've constructed a plan based on the things we see happening in the market, the calibration as to what
the business is doing, balance all those sort of things and retain a little bit of flexibility as it goes forward.

Now as we talked about before, we do see ourselves moving back to bottom-of-cycle conditions because
the industry simply cannot continue on at these levels here. And in that plan, we'll be able to maintain the
dividend. We get into some situation where we're back in a world like we've been in the second and third
quarters, obviously, all bets are off. And I think that's true across the industry. But we also don't think
that's sustainable.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

So that's really the rationale behind it, and that's the way we've talked about it with the Board. That's the
way we talk about it with outside agencies. That's the way we talk about it with our general investor class
when we have those discussions.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So sorry, Andy, to push you on this, what conditions would you see then? How long would this have to go
on for you to say we need -- we can't do this any longer?

Andrew P. Swiger
Senior VP & Principal Financial Officer

Doug, as I said, we put the plan together for 2021 based on our best assessment of the market. It has
some contingency on it, some flexibility on it. When we run out of that contingency, obviously, we'd have
to look to pull the next lever.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Can I do my quick follow-up? It's really just about visibility on the disposal plan. You talked about the $15
billion. You haven't done a whole heck of a lot yet. So I'm just curious if you can give us any visibility or
line of sight as to what you think is a realistic maturation of that disposal plan over the next 12 months?
And I'll leave it there.

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Thanks, Doug. I'll take a shot at that one. Look, we have quite a bit out in the market right now. We
talked about, I think, 11 out in the market. We're continuing -- we're in fairly advanced discussions on a
few of these assets. So we do think that they're going to have some impact in '21 and '22. It's -- as you
mentioned, it's a pretty difficult market on asset investments.

We're going to make sure we get value. If we have something above our retention value, we're going to
be patient. As Andy said, there's very little reliance on that in terms of where we see things in 2021, but
we're going to continue to have productive discussions with prospective buyers. And we are seeing good
interest. There's no question we're seeing good interest. These will make some buyers in their portfolios
pretty nicely.

So we're going to continue on, Doug, in that regard. And again, just stick to the fact that we're going to
make sure we get value. The assets, we'll keep them in our portfolio.

Operator

We'll take that last question from the line of Jason Gabelman with Cowen.

Jason Daniel Gabelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I'll just lead with -- or actually, my first question, just the cost reductions really haven't been touched
upon that much. And you kind of said you're on path to exceed 15% cost reductions, maybe achieve
something close to 20%, but it's still unclear what the structural amount of those reductions are versus
what's related to lower activity. So can you just kind of talk a little bit about the different buckets that
those cost reductions fall into? And I have a follow-up.

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Okay, Jason. Yes. I think clearly, if you look back in March and April when we were talking about these
reduction targets, clearly, a good bit of that was activity reduction as we were sparing capacity in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

refineries, as we were curtailing production and activity in some of the Upstream areas, as we were having
less chemical demand for the first month or 2.

And the idea was, okay, we're going to certainly make sure we capture all the OpEx reductions in those
areas but also recognizing -- and quite frankly, coming into the year, we were already working on these
structural efficiencies. Some of that culminated in the workforce announcement that we made earlier and
that I reiterated in the prepared presentation. And -- but those efficiencies have been brought about by
the reorganization to the businesses along these value chains versus the functions. And it just freed up a
lot of capacity in terms of our ability to really get line of sight to the assets and to really be able to operate
more efficiently, take away some friction, take away from what we call doing business with ourselves and
that kind of thing.

As I mentioned before, also in the presentation, leveraging digital technologies to where we can -- we're
more flexible on where we do work and making sure we're doing that in the most cost-effective way. So
clearly, initially, there was a lot of reduction based on activity, and those are being replaced with structural
efficiencies as we move forward. And those will play out not just in 2021, but in 2022 going forward.

Jason Daniel Gabelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Got it. Is there a magnitude or a number you could put on those structural efficiencies?

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

I'm not really in a position to give you a number on that currently.

Jason Daniel Gabelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then my second question is just kind of tying 2 things that have been mentioned on today's
call, the global decarbonization effort and then global refining overcapacity. It seems like the push to
decarbonize is focused in advanced economies, in areas where you're heavily concentrated in terms of
your refining footprint.

So does -- do those 2 things kind of -- the fact that OECD economies are pushing to decarbonize, most
of the energy growth is happening in non-OECD and your footprint for refining is predominantly in OECD
countries. Do those themes frame how you think about your refining footprint going forward, the subtext
being there could be more pressure in your legacy refining geographies than some other places where
you're seeing underlying demand growth?

Jack P. Williams
Senior Vice President

Yes, Jason, that's a good question. It certainly plays a role. But as we look at our refining circuit and think
about that going forward, we are fortunate that we are -- we have some highly complex refineries that,
very importantly, are integrated with chemicals. That chemicals integration is probably the overlying factor
that we look at in terms of asset refineries that we think long term are going to be very competitive.

But we are looking -- I think I've showed you before, this net cash margin for all the refining -- all
refineries around the world and the fact that we need to be on the left-hand side of that with all our
refineries. So we've invested -- we've made some investments in some of those, Antwerp and Rotterdam,
Beaumont, being some examples, Singapore, that make substantial moves to the left. And those are the
refineries, we think long term are going to be competitive and long term that belong in the portfolio.

So we're making that call between ones we're going to invest -- the ones that are already there in our
highly integrated refineries in the Gulf Coast, Baytown, Baton Rouge and increasingly, Beaumont, and then
those that we're pushing in that direction with some good strategic investments to kind of shore up some
of the conversion capacity gaps we've had.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

But clearly, as you look at kind of a medium, low-complexity refineries in an OECD country, that's not
integrated with chemicals, those are going to be challenged going forward, and that certainly plays into
our thinking.

Stephen A. Littleton
VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary

All right. Thank you for your time and thoughtful questions this morning. We appreciate you following us.
The opportunity to highlight third quarter results. We appreciate your interest and hope you enjoy the rest
of your day. Thank you, and please be safe.

Operator
And this concludes today's call. We thank you, everyone, again for their participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

