Fastenal Company NasdaqGS:FAST
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, January 20, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.33

0.34

3.03

0.34

1.48

1.49

0.68

1.42

1342.26

1358.00

1.17

1375.00

5630.54

5647.30

0.30

5575.00

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-20-2021 2:20 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.35

0.37

0.38

0.33

0.35

0.42

0.38

0.34

0.00 %

13.51 %

0.00 %

3.03 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FASTENAL COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 20, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Ellen Stolts
Financial Reporting & Regulatory
Compliance Manager

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Adam William Uhlman
Cleveland Research Company

Christopher M. Dankert
Longbow Research LLC

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 20, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings and welcome to the Fastenal 2020 Annual and Q4 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ellen Stolts. Please go ahead.

Ellen Stolts
Financial Reporting & Regulatory Compliance Manager

Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2020 Annual and Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call
will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief
Financial Officer.

The call will last for up to 1 hour and will start with a general overview of our annual and quarterly results
and operations with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference
call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal.

No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's
consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations home page,
investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until March 1, 2021, at
midnight Central Time.

As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the company's future plans
and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations, and we undertake no duty to
update them. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those
anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the
company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and
we encourage you to review those factors carefully.

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Ellen, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us for the Q4 2020 earnings call.
I might not be on my A game today, and I point that only because typically, when I do this call, I am very
fortunate in that I'd have a moderator in the background, and that is my wife, who listens and will text me
if I'm speaking too fast or rapidly or if I'm going too long. And some of you might say, she needs to step in
sooner. But today, I think she's probably online trying to see if she can convert her Packers season tickets
into 2 tickets for Sunday's game. Time will tell. But if I go off on tangents, I apologize for that.

I'd like to start with recapping our Board meeting, the last -- yesterday, our discussions with leadership
earlier this morning as we were able to share our earnings and our progress a little bit more broadly within
the organization and a bit of the video that we share with the 20,000-plus employees within Fastenal. And
one is a more somber piece, and that is, as we've done in prior quarters, just want to share some COVID
statistics with our shareholders because we can talk about a lot of things, but we have to start with the
most important and that is we were not immune, if you will, to the effects of COVID on the health of the
Fastenal Blue Team family.

Through September, and I've previously shared this information, we had 344 cases of COVID within
the Fastenal organization. In the month of September, we were averaging about 17 new cases a week.
In October, and as we progressed through the fourth quarter, we experienced what was experienced,
generally speaking, throughout the markets when we operate. Our case count increased dramatically. In
October, we had 27 cases per week, a 10 increase over the 17 in September. So 106 cases.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 20, 2021

So through October, we had cumulatively 450 cases within the Fastenal family. That number essentially
doubled in November. In November, we had 430 cases, 86 per week. And in December, we started to see
that trend down, but still quite high at 60 per week. 238 cases. So cumulatively, through the end of the
year, we had 1,118 cases within Fastenal. That's just over 5% of our population of employees.

When you consider the fact that our business and the way we operate doesn't afford us the ability
to remove ourselves from society. 93%, 94% of our employees are in roles that involve day-to-day
interactions with other human beings, whether that's at our branch or on-site locations, working in a
distribution center, working in manufacturing, driving a truck, so we didn't have that luxury. And the fact
that our number -- I believe the U.S. population -- if what I read is accurate, where just over 7% of the
U.S. population has had COVID, and we're about 5%. So I believe our team has done a really nice job of
exercising common sense and trying to protect themselves and those around them every day and being
mindful of the anxieties that exist in society.

When I think of 2020, I also think of things that we did from the perspective of things we did to improve
our moat, to widen our moat, to improve our business as we move into 2021 and beyond. And I think one
of the first things is we demonstrated to the market and we demonstrated to ourselves, perhaps, a bit of
our problem-solving ability. Our growth drivers demonstrated their value. And value from the standpoint of
-- it's a special way to engage with our customer. And because of the vending devices we have deployed,
because of the Onsites we have deployed, because of the way we engage with our customer, when most
people were turned away at a customer's door, our folks were allowed to enter.

And they were allowed to enter because we were stocking bins. We were filling vending machines. We
were staffing the support infrastructure of their business from with -- inside their facility. And that was a
special place to be and a special relationship. And because of that, we saw the success that we did in Qs 2,
3 and 4 on our ability to react and serve that marketplace in a unique way.

The other pieces we demonstrated to a whole new group of customers, maybe that's something that's
special about Fastenal. The other thing that I reminded our teams and I reminded our Board is we're
coming into a weird year. We're forced to pivot, and that's a great thing. We look forward to this pivot
versus the last. But the optics of the year are abnormal. And I just sort of want to remind the analyst
community of that is the, I don't recall in my 25 years with Fastenal, might have happened, maybe it
happened back in the '90s or '80s or '70s. I don't recall a year where we entered, and we're going to be
down 2 business days. And as all of you know, that's an important ingredient in our ability to grow and
leverage the business.

So in Q1, we will lose 1 business day. Q2, we don't lose any business days or gain any business days, but
we have some weird comps because of the extreme surge we saw in safety sales in Q2 last year. Q3 is
a normal quarter, if you will in that it's a push on days. And in Q4, we lose a business day. So it's a 253
business day year versus 255. Just want to point that out.

When I -- when you read the document and you hear our conversation, we'll touch on some things about
the Apex transaction that we did back in March. And I'm really, really excited about what that means as
far as our ability to broaden and illuminate how we serve our customer. And Apex is the technology that
underpins our vending platform. And we have the largest industrial vending platform on the planet, and
it's a great platform.

A lot of our other systems were disjointed from that because it was a captive platform. And so it allows us
to broaden where we can bring supply chain knowledge and visibility to. And we're now referring to that
as the FMI suite of things, Fastenal Managed Inventory. Within that are 3 distinct components, and Holden
did a nice job illuminating it, I think, in the press release, and we'll talk about it today.

But in that is FAST Vend, which is our vending platform, as we've talked about for years. The second
component is FAST Bin, that's B-I-N. And that's a suite of bin technology. It's not restricted access like
you see in the vending machine, it's open access. But it's for a lot of things like fasteners or pipe fittings
or things like that. But it's smart in the standpoint the system tells us when it's hungry and needs to be
fed. And we don't need to have a person go check it or worse yet, our frequency of checking, it means
we have a bin that runs out. And it allow us to lean down inventory and illuminate the supply chain for

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 20, 2021

our customer over time so it's a better supply chain, but it's also more efficient from a labor productivity
supply chain.

The third component is what we call FAST Stock. And that is we deployed, as you all know, a tremendous
amount of mobility technology. Now we've had a platform in the past, but that platform was very
transactional based. This is more system based and allows us, again, to illuminate for the customer what
they have in their facility, which is more efficient for the customer, more efficient for us. So we'll talk about
that in combined, but take nothing away from the individual components of vending, which is a great
element to enhance growth and engagement with our customer. We're just broadening it because the
Apex transaction allows us to do that.

If I move into Holden's flipbook, you can see -- and I'm on Page 3, our daily sales grew 6.5% in the
quarter. The team did a great job of managing our operating cost throughout 2020 and it was exemplified
in the current quarter, and we produced operating earnings that were double digit, 10.6%.

Safety, as we've talked about on numerous prior calls and we'll, I suspect, continue to talk about in the
calls as we enter 2021 because COVID is not behind us. But safety has been an outperformer for years
largely because it's a product line that matches really well with our FAST Vend, our vending platform. So
in the -- so despite safety being a little bit less than 20% of sales, it's produced, for the last several years,
about 26% of our growth. But the contributions swelled to 156% in 2020. And as I touched on and when
I was first talking, it highlighted our problem-solving culture in the marketplace and I believe this should
open up new customer and end market opportunities to us in the future, and Holden will touch a little bit
on that in his talk.

Customer engagement on growth drivers has improved. However, as you saw in 2020, it ravaged our
ability to sign because in an environment where you're working really hard to protect your employees,
maybe the last thing you want to do is, all of a sudden, "Hey, come on, folks, it's Fastenal. We love what
you do. Why don't you come in and move in with us?" It introduces a variable that many folks in a year
like 2020 don't want to introduce, and you saw that show up in our signing numbers, and I'll touch on that
more in a few minutes.

The Apex purchase, I touched on already. Utilization of e-commerce took a big step-up in 2020. As I
mentioned, commercialization of our FAST Bin and deployment of mobility, I believe, will really evolve our
model and evolve our ability to be efficient. Because one thing that's really critical in this path, and we've
talked about this for 4 or 5 years now, what's really critical is we're going much deeper into a -- what we
call our key accounts growth, much deeper into a large customer. And the gross margin profile, because of
customer mix and product mix, changes. And then it's incumbent upon us to allow the natural leverage to
shine through. In other words, if you're doing more dollars, you have more places to spread your expense
but also to become more efficient, and that's what all these things tie to.

The last piece is our branch model. We've evolved it -- and we'll touch on this in the months to come. But
there's 2 distinct Fastenal branch models that have emerged in 2020. One is what we refer to as the CSB,
the customer service branch. And that's the traditional branch that many of you are familiar with where
there's a showroom in front. There's a walk-in element to our business. Still, most of it is going out the
back door, but it's more traditional. It's about half of our branch network today.

During 2020 -- and actually, we've been testing this within a handful of regions for the last 2, 3 years.
We have what's referred to as the CFC, the customer fulfillment center. Think of it as a branch where we
close the front door and the marketplace almost like that better or we're able to operate more efficiently
and maybe we should keep it closed or maybe it's closed to everything other than a will call or a pickup
or maybe on a regular account base. And it allows everybody to go out the backdoor and most of our
revenues go out the backdoor. And that is about half our branch network right now. And those are the
things that are driving improvements to things like e-commerce that I'll touch on in a few minutes.

The last thing is, and I want to put a call out, I'm sitting here at a table with Holden Lewis and Sheryl
Lisowski, our Chief Financial Officer and our Chief Accounting Officer. Different circumstances allow
folks to shine in different ways, and our team was able to shine this year from the standpoint of solving
problems in supply chain for customers. Holden and Sheryl and the entire team was able to shine in that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 20, 2021

we produced an amazingly strong cash flow in 2020. And it put us in a position late in the year, similar to
what we have seen in prior occasions where we had some extra cash. We didn't see a need for that in our
investments of the future, and we paid out a supplemental dividend late in the year. So my compliments
to everybody on that as well.

On Page 4, I started sharing this slide, I believe it was back in July. And this is looking at dispenses
through vending. I think it's a way for us to illuminate for you, our shareholder, what we're seeing in
underlying trends. So we index everything to 100, and these are weekly snapshots of dispenses going
through those 95,000-plus vending devices in 25 countries.

History would say, if we're at 100, we should be at 103 by the early March. And the reason I call out that
data point, that's right before the world shut down. This year, we were running 2 points ahead of that, we
were at 105. And as the economy shut down, so did the dispensing activity at our vending devices and
it dropped 29 from 105 to 76. By the end of June, history would say we should be at 109, 2020 wasn't
historic in that regard, we were at 93. So we were down 16 still from that 29 drop-off in March and April.

By the end of September, history says, hey, you should be 112, we were 104. So that negative 16 is now
a negative 8. And we always ignore the last couple of weeks of December because it's -- the world kind of
shuts down because of the holidays. So if you look at the week just before that, history says, you should
be about 121, we had about 115. We're still down. A piece of that is economic activity. A piece of that is
we didn't sign as many vending devices because we weren't able to move in with as many people as we'd
like to. And -- but -- and we're down 6.

The next page said -- this is dispenses. The next page is unique users. So how many people are coming to
work at these customers. If there's 100 employees coming in every week back in October of 2019, history
would say, because we've signed some more machines, that should grow to 104. This year, we were at
107 in early March, well, when those businesses shut down and weren't using as much just because they
didn't have as many employees, the number dropped 22 and it dropped from 107 to 85. The -- history
says, by the end of June, we should be at 109, we are at 101. We're down 8.

By the end of September, we should be at 115, we were at 109. We're down 6. By that week before
Christmas, we should be at 123, we're down 119, negative 4. In the employment front, that negative 4
is probably more about we didn't sign as many devices. So people are coming back to work and you're
seeing it in the underlying numbers. But there's still -- the activity is still subdued. And the one thing I did
point out on Page 4, and I apologize for that, a few of the blips you see, in early July, that's obviously July
4th week. In late November, that's obviously Thanksgiving week.

Going to Page 6. Onsites, we signed 36 in the quarter. Again, really, really choppy year. So we signed --
our goal coming in the quarter is 375 to 400 -- or coming into the year, excuse me, was 375 to 400. It
slowed in March. So in first quarter, we signed about 85. Second quarter was 40. Came back a bit in Q3
at 62. In many ways, Q4 was a more chaotic environment than Q2 was in that you had case surge and I
talked about our own surge internally. And we only signed 36, so 223 for the year.

But Holden included in the flipbook and included in our write up, our mindset is the same. The market,
we believe, will support us signing 375 to 400 a year. Conditions need to open up to allow us to do that.
I don't want the investment community to read from what we sit here, "Oh, things are back to normal.
Everything is hunky-dory, and we're going to do 400 signings." This is going to play out in Q1 and Q2. And
as we bought into the year, the way the economy and the marketplace and the COVID environment will
allow it to happen.

You saw how it played out in 2020. We don't have a crystal ball. We don't -- we're not the burning bush.
We can't tell you what's going to happen. What you can tell is we believe the marketplace likes what this
Onsite is about and is open to that Onsite. And it's really about engagement with the customer. The Onsite
signings is just a marker in time of what that engagement has translated into. But we're very bullish on
the fact that Onsite proved its value in 2020.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 20, 2021

Vending, and I talked earlier about the whole FMI concept. That's meant to provide better information to
the investment community, not to confuse the issue with vending and bins and all that kind of stuff. So
read it as this is an outgrowth of the Apex transaction.

E-commerce, 38% growth in the fourth quarter of 2020. In March, we broke 10% of our sales being e-
commerce for the first time ever. And I'm pleased to say that despite the fact that the surge actually hurt
it because most of those surge orders, actually, almost all of them, are outside of e-commerce. That's
people in a chaotic fashion, order -- getting product from us, and a lot of that is over the phone. But
despite all that, for the first time in our history, e-commerce is more than 10% of our revenue.

And again, that's e-commerce measured the way this community measures it. I personally think that's an
inaccurate way to measure it because I think 20% of our revenue being vending is e-commerce. I think
7% to 10% of our revenue being bins and FAST Stock is e-commerce because -- but it's better than e-
commerce because the customer doesn't have to order it. That's the best digital flow there is. And then
the final being this 10%, that truly is e-commerce.

With that, I'm going to turn it over to Holden because I don't have my text from my wife telling me to shut
up.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Great self-control, Dan. All right. Good morning. Flipping over to Slide 7. Fourth quarter of 2020 sales
were up 6.4% annually, that's an acceleration from the third quarter. Holiday timing was favorable this
year, but even so, the overall tenor of the marketplace continued to improve during the period. Sales
of safety products were up 34.6%, driven by growth to state and local government and health care
customers, which is at 98.3% in the period.

This continues to be some blend of COVID mitigation, PPE restocking and prestocking as well as share
gains. The most encouraging data point is that 28% of the accounts that bought PPE from us for the
first time in the second quarter of 2020 bought from us in the fourth quarter, and they tended to be the
larger opportunities. So this continues to reinforce that we have gained share and increased our growth
prospects with state and local government and health care customers that's going to carry into 2021.

Nonsafety products were up 0.3% annually, accelerating versus the third quarter of 2020. Janitorial
products, driven by the same trends as safety, were up 30.3%. More cyclical verticals remained negative
in the fourth quarter of 2020 but generally saw moderation in the rates of decline. In fact, fasteners and
material handling edged into growth territory in December.

Improving macro data is producing better trends in core markets, particularly in manufacturing, which
grew 1.7% in the fourth quarter of 2020. We don't have a lot of visibility, but our regional VPs remain
optimistic that activity will continue to improve.

The exception to this normalization is our growth driver signings. COVID continues to negatively affect
labor markets and supply chains, but our customers are operating around those conditions. We believe
that absent COVID, the market will support 100 vending signings per day and 100 Onsite signings per
quarter. However, lack of access to facilities and decision-makers in light of COVID protocols is delaying
new commitments, the challenge that is carrying into the first quarter of 2021 and makes it difficult to
determine when signings activity will return to potential.

Now to Slide 8. Gross margin was 45.6% in the fourth quarter of 2020, down 130 basis points due to
product and channel mix, relative growth of lower-margin COVID products and organizational factors such
as further clearance, lower vendor rebates and overhead deleveraging. Gross margin was up 30 basis
points sequentially in a quarter that more commonly sees a decline.

Relative to the third quarter of 2020, we saw the revenue share of lower-margin COVID-related products
decline by 200 basis points even as the margin on those products improved by 200 basis points on
selective pricing actions taken in the quarter. We also experienced more favorable shipping and fleet costs
in the period, largely from having rationalized our weekly routes earlier in the year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 20, 2021

Strong growth and continued tight control of costs generated 210 basis points of SG&A leverage to
produce an operating margin of 19.5%, up 80 basis points year-to-year. Nearly half this leverage came
over labor costs as our record fourth quarter sales were achieved with headcount that was down mid-
single digits versus last year.

Labor productivity improved meaningfully in the fourth quarter and full year of 2020 and we will look to
sustain this in 2021. We also leveraged occupancy on lower branch count and vending costs as well as
other expenses on tight control of travel, lower freight costs as we rationalized our branch pickup fleet and
lower insurance costs. Our incremental margin was 31%. If you put it all together, we reported a fourth
quarter 2020 earnings per share of $0.34, up 9.6% from $0.31 in the fourth quarter of 2019.

Turning to Slide 9. We produced $321 million of operating cash flow in the fourth quarter of 2020,
representing 164% of net income. For the full year, we produced $1.1 billion of operating cash flow or
128% of net income. Weak demand freed up cash and working capital, and we did benefit from $30
million in CARES Act-related deferred payroll taxes and about $20 million in payables that moved from
the fourth quarter of 2020 to the first quarter of 2021. However, we also believe we are taking steps to be
more productive with working capital.

Accounts receivable were up 3.7% with growth related to higher sales mitigated by improved collections,
with past dues down 23% year-over-year. Inventories were down 2.1%. We have taken steps to make it
easier to move inventory internally to get it where it can best be used, which has been particularly useful
as we have closed branches and migrated other branches to a leaner inventory model. We put energy into
clearing older stock from our branches and hubs. As a result, branch inventory was down nearly 8% at
year-end, while Onsite and hub inventory was up just low single digits.

Net capital spending was $158 million in 2020, the lower end of our $155 million to $180 million range. In
2021, we expect net capital spending to be $170 million to $200 million with the increase over the prior
year being a combination of catch-up maintenance spending following tight spending controls in 2020 as
well as higher spending for a non-hub facility project in Winona to support our growth.

Record net income and operating cash flow in 2020 allowed us to acquire the assets of Apex, deploy
significant resources to secure critical products and carry working capital for customers and return
$855 million to investors in the form of dividends, including a special dividend in December and share
repurchase. At the same time, net debt is just 5.1% of total capital and substantially all of our revolver is
available for use.

Now before turning it over to Q&A, there's one change to reporting I wanted to discuss, and Dan alluded
to this. The bin stocks have long been used in distribution to hold product in customer facilities. Over
the last few years, we have taken these bins, and we've equipped them with scales or sensors that turn
them into digital tools that provide product visibility, continuously monitor those products and generate
fulfillment efficiencies.

These FAST Bins complement Vending to expand the products that can be digitally managed and round
out our Fastenal Managed Inventory or FMI offering. And we anticipate commercializing them more
aggressively in 2021. As a result, in 2021, we will replace reporting on vending signings with weighted FMI
signings. This is going to convert each vending device and FAST Bin device into a standard unit based on
the target output of our FAST 5000 vending machine, which is 2,000 a month, and combine that into a
single data point. In 2020, our weighted FMI signings were 15,724. In 2021, we are targeting 23,000 to
25,000 weighted FMI signings.
With that, operator, we'll take questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 20, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research.

Adam William Uhlman
Cleveland Research Company

Congrats on the successful year. Hey, I was wondering if you could help us out with maybe some insights
or a framework of how you're thinking about margins for this current year? The company did a great job
controlling costs in a tough environment. It seems like perhaps hiring picks up and some other expenses,
like bonuses should probably be bigger. Any kind of rough framework you could help us out with?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

You broke up a little bit there. I guess I could probably interpret about 20 questions in that one. So I'll try
to keep it short. If I think about, starting at gross margin, if I think about 2021, this might be one of those
years where given the easy comps that we have, I would expect our gross margin to be up year-over-year.

Now I've had some conversations with folks that are getting really, really high numbers and that sort of
thing, so I don't think that the concept surprises anybody. But order of magnitude, I think we need to
think about -- in 2019, our gross margin was 47.2%. If nothing else had changed, let's assume that mix
would have pulled that down 60 basis points a year in 2020 and 2021, which puts it at about 46%, just
naturally on mix, if nothing else had changed.

The -- but if I think about -- so if I think about that as kind of a baseline, it's true that I don't expect the
inefficiencies, particularly in the second quarter, to repeat. But I do expect that we're going to have higher
COVID mix in 2020, just those types of projects in 2021 than we did in 2019. And I think that's going to
work against that 2019 baseline a little bit.

If I think about -- we're still going to be selling through mask inventory through the first 2 or 3 quarters
of the year, and that's going to pull margin down a little bit. I will tell you, I think the shipping costs are
showing every indication of probably moving up as we get towards the end of first quarter into second
quarter, and so I think there's some pressure there.

And so like I said, I do believe that our gross margin will be up a bit in 2021 over 2020. But as I said, I
think we need to be somewhat tempered in our expectations of the order of magnitude. And I say that
only because I've had some conversations where I think people are being a bit overaggressive with that.
So hopefully, that gives you, Adam, a little bit of a framework to think about gross margin.

As it relates to operating margin, I would expect that labor would get better or that we would add labor.
I do consider that getting better because it means we're adding selling energy. But whatever our growth
winds up being at the top line, I would expect that our increase in FTEs would be no more than 50%
of that growth and perhaps somewhat less than that. And I think that's kind of the objective of the
organization. And so I think that we will leverage labor when we grow this year.

And so when you tie it all together, I'm still thinking in terms of the framework of 20% to 25% incremental
margins based on whatever level of growth that we can achieve this year. And those are, I think, the
pieces that I would think about.

Operator

The next question today is coming from David Manthey from Baird.

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 20, 2021

Well, I wanted to ask you about the Bin, Stock or the FMI initiative. Historically, when you've come out
with initiatives like vending or Onsite or CSP or whatever, you've outlined some of the key aspects of the
strategy, and this one seems fairly significant. I'm just wondering, can you share any margin metrics
or how you view the TAM to help us visualize the long-term opportunity of the Bin, Stock or this FMI
initiative?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

I'll just think out loud a little bit. If I think of the FMI vending -- FMI Vend component, that is really a non-
fastener thing. And close to 50% of the revenue going through vending is a safety product. So as we were
evolving through that, go back to the earlier part of the last decade, we were having those discussions
about what that meant from a mix standpoint.

If I think of the FMI Bin, and then I think of the FMI -- excuse me, FAST Bin and FAST Stock, FAST Bin,
especially the RFID component of that, is, in a lot of cases, it might be in a production environment, where
it's a Kanban system and when that bin is empty, you throw it in a tub up above your shelf and it tells us
you have an empty bin. So it's pretty basic technology, if you think about it that way, resilient technology.
That's probably more production environment, so that probably has a gross margin profile that's more
akin to the vending.

If I think of it from the standpoint of FMI, the third piece, FAST Stock, that's a lot of MRO and -- or a nice
mix of MRO. And so that's probably -- and it's very fastener centered, and so that has a margin that's
more like the fastener piece. Does that help, Dave?

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Yes, it does. I guess you've outlined these pie charts that should give us an idea of where you think you're
headed in terms of revenues. And yes, that does help in terms of the profitability. So we'll talk again off-
line.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Yes. The other piece I'll point out is -- the best part about FAST Bin and FAST Stock is it's a labor
efficiency. It's productivity. Because that business we want to go after allows us to go after that with the
best cost structure because that's been a really critical part of our path the last 5 years, and it's going to
be a critical part of our path for the next 5 years. Holden, you were…

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And I might contribute this to that. I get asked a lot, what is the gross margin of a vending machine?
And my answer is often, a vending machine doesn't have a gross margin, it really depends on the product
that's vended and what margin comes with that product.

And I would think about the FAST Bin the same way. I don't think the bin has an inherent margin, it
depends on what is being stored in that bin. And so when we think about the bins, we've always had FAST
Stock, which has been heavily oriented towards fasteners. And so you would argue that, that bin has a
fastener type of margin.

What we believe will happen, in addition to the efficiencies that Dan talked about in terms of the
fulfillment process, we think that these FAST Bins will actually lend themselves to our being able to be
more involved with other lines outside of fasteners. Power transmission and fluid power come to mind, for
instance.

And so the -- we've always done fasteners in these bins. We'll continue to do fasteners in these bins. We’ll
get the benefits and efficiencies for fulfillment. We'll certainly try to leverage that into even more market
share in fasteners. We've always done that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 20, 2021

But to the extent that we can use FAST Bin to get into some of our other 9 product verticals a little bit
more deeply, those verticals will typically have a lower gross margin than fasteners. And they'll probably
be more consistent with our non-fastener business, which is in that sort of low to mid-40s type of range.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Chris Dankert from Longbow Research.

Christopher M. Dankert
Longbow Research LLC

I guess, first off, just thinking about FMI again to kind of further pull that thread. We're talking about
increasing labor efficiency. Just any additional benefit that you guys could explicitly call out on working
capital in 2021 from that initiative?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

For FAST Bin, what we're doing with the FAST Bins?

Christopher M. Dankert
Longbow Research LLC

Yes. And if you're increasing inventory turns, just kind of -- is there any explicit benefit to working capital
there?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I probably don't want to get ahead of ourselves on what that means for 2021 because it's still going
to be -- it's still something new. And to be honest with you, the only reason -- when we started vending
years ago, we didn't start talking about it until we were about 3 years into it. And here, we're actually
talking about it when we're about a year into it. And the only reason being is because in some cases,
where we would have put a vending machine in the past, I think we'll put some bins in now because we
now have a better suite of products because we own the underlying technology, and it improves our ability
to bring the most efficient tool to bear.

The -- we've talked in previous calls about what we call our LIFT concept, Local Inventory Fulfillment
Terminal. And really, what that's about is perhaps, sometimes the best place to stock product and to
pick product is in the local branch or onsite. Sometimes where to do put that product is in the regional
distribution center.

And really, what we're doing with LIFT is something we talked about years ago is supporting vending with
maybe a third type of distribution, and that's the fulfillment terminal. We're just -- what's going in that
vending machine is what's in that little LIFT facility. And we're managing it there, and we're able to strip
-- these are high-frequency turnover products. We're able to strip some of that out of our branch and
rake it into the LIFT facility, which is, from a labor standpoint, more efficient. But from a working capital
standpoint, incredibly attractive over time.

We had -- we have 9 LIFT facilities that are operating at the end of the year. We're still just touching a
really, really small percentage of our vending devices. I think we're touching about 2,500 right now. And
our goal is to double that LIFT from 9 operating at the end of this year to 18 at the end of next year.

We'll still be, even with our optimistic projections, still touching a relatively small number of vending
devices at the end of the year, but it's ever growing, and that will work some working capital out. But it's
still on a relatively small base. That logic equally applies to FAST Bin and FAST Stock.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 20, 2021

And what I might contribute to that is if you think about the core value add that Fastenal brings to our
customers, it's -- our being able to go to them and say, look, today, you have 100 widgets on the shelf
because we're better at managing the supply chain because of what we do, we can reduce those 100
widgets to 80 widgets.

Now those 80 widgets will still probably include some safety stock from our perspective because we want
to make sure that we don't shut the customer down, and we need to make sure that we go and we check
those bins and check those machines, et cetera. And so those 80 widgets are an improvement. But when
you think about what FAST Bin can do in terms of informing us in real time about need, it's possible that
those 80 widgets can be 75 because we're much more aware of what the quantities on hand are.

I agree with Dan. I think 2021 is far too early to talk about what the impact of this is on working capital.
This is the first year we're really aggressively commercializing what we've built and worked on. But I
mean, intuitively, if we market this correctly, and I think we will, there should be some benefit over time
to working capital from the efficiencies it brings to the fulfillment.

Christopher M. Dankert
Longbow Research LLC

Understood. Understood. And does it make sense -- just very briefly to follow up, when I look at 2Q,
obviously, a lot of noise from some of the surge sales. Does it make sense to kind of benchmark 2Q
EBIT margin on 2Q '19? Is that how we should really be thinking about it? It sounds like kind of, in your
prepared remarks, how you're trying to walk people there a bit.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Well, I'll answer that this way. It's the way we spoke at our virtual leadership meeting back in December.
And it's centered on our government business, which was a huge recipient of a lot of these COVID-type
surge sales.

Our government business historically is a relatively small part of our business. It's about 4%. In the
second quarter, it surged over 10% of our business. And I don't know what the final number was for the
year, but it was -- through most of the year, on a year-to-date basis, it was up over 100% year-over-year.

And so when we come into a year like 2021, the way we talk about it internally is, "Okay, normally, that
business, which is still a young business, we would expect it to grow, say, 20% a year." So when we're
looking at second quarter of 2021 for our government business, we're saying to our teams, ignore your
year-over-year numbers because all that matters right now is where are we in January and where are we
building to in September and October and then what does that mean for 2022.

But in the case of the second quarter, as an example, take your 2019 Q2 numbers, if you are in the
government -- if you're leading our government team. Add to it the 20% we would have expected in Q2
2020, ignoring the COVID thing, and then add another 20% to it for 2021. So 2019 plus 2020, 20% plus
20%, 20% twice over. And that's where your head should be on where you're growing to -- going to be
in the second quarter. And that's going to be a negative number for government in the second quarter,
unless there's a different way to do math.

And then the challenge to them is because of the broader exposure we received in the marketplace and
the fact that more government customers know about us -- and the only area where our Onsite signings
accelerated in 2020 over 2019 was with government customers. In the rest of the world, you saw our
overall numbers.

And does that 20% plus 20% contemplate the fact that more people want to buy from us or more people
are aware of us, and maybe that second 20% can become a 25% or a 30%, I don't know. But that's the
way we're thinking about it.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 20, 2021

Yes. And I would say also, inasmuch as 2020 is an unusual year from a traditional seasonality standpoint
when you think about full year numbers and how the quarters played out, I would expect 2021 to be
more traditional from a seasonality standpoint. Depending on what your sort of outlook is for the macro
economy, maybe it's a little stronger in the back half than the front half, I don't know, your call.

But I think that what you're probably ultimately going to do is build out your annual expectations. And if
you think about the traditional seasonality of our business, that will probably allow you to back into the
answer.

Operator

Your next question is coming from Ryan Merkel from William Blair.

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Two questions from me. So first off, construction was still pretty slow. What's the outlook there? And then
on pricing, it looks like prices were flat this quarter. What are you expecting for price increase in 2021 for
both product and freight?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

The -- as it relates to construction, I wish I had different color to give you than I have in the last few
months, which is to say that conditions are still soft, but the expectations continue to improve. So if I
think about heading into 2021, my expectation for construction is still that the weakness that we're seeing
today is beginning to be remedied through projects coming back on the board and things like that, and
that resulted in better results in 2021 than what we saw in 2020.

That would be my expectation. But yes, at least at this point, it's still fairly soft. So we'll see. Obviously,
comps play a role in that. But from the feedback from the regions, for the most part, they're talking about
seeing some improvement in the overall tenor of the construction market. So I'm waiting like you guys are
to see that actually translate into numbers.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Don't lose perspective. One element of our construction is there is a tether to oil and gas.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, absolutely. And that's -- that remains fairly soft. So again, there, too, I think that the regionals are
sort of eyeing that Q2 as perhaps being a period where you might start seeing some strength there. So
we'll see. I would say that's…

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

And the pricing.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

And then on the pricing side, yes, I would say that pricing was not meaningfully different in Q4 than it has
been the last couple of quarters. I would say, going forward, the question really is going to relate to what
happens to material costs.

And we have seen an uptick in steel. I think many of you have talked about that very same dynamic. And
if that continues or persists, then I would anticipate that we would have to take some action to mitigate
that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 20, 2021

So right now, we're not taking broad pricing actions. We're certainly doing things from a tactical
standpoint as we did to some degree with some of the safety products. But if the trends continue on steel,
the way that they've begun or ended, I guess, ended 2021 -- sorry, ended 2020, then I would anticipate
that we'd have to take some actions as you roll into the end of Q1 and into Q2 to mitigate that effect.

Operator

Your next question today is coming from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just a follow-up on the price/cost question. I guess, really, over the past 3 or 4 years, I don't know if
we've been in what you would call a normal pricing environment, especially with tariffs kind of flying in a
couple of years ago. Any reason to believe that this will be anything but a normal pricing cycle in terms of
your ability to offset it, kind of an evenness to the market?

I know it's still early. And Holden you talked about maybe later this quarter, the rubber hitting the road
on that and even to put those out there in the market. But anything you're seeing so far, whether it's
competitively or from your suppliers that would indicate this is something beyond kind of the longer-term
historical framework for pricing or price/cost?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

I don't think so. The -- obviously, conditions around tariffs were unique. If we get into a situation where
pricing is necessary because of more econ 101 variables like steel prices going up and things like that, I
think that we would be able to address that in the same manner that we've addressed it historically.

The only difference, I would say, is that the structure that we've put in place internally to analyze and act
on the -- where cost increases are happening, I think we're in a far better place today than we were pre
tariffs. I think the tariffs really prompted us to shore up the technologies that we use, the analytics that
we use and the internal structure and personnel that we rely on to make us more effective with that.

So I haven't seen any changes to the market dynamics. I think that our internal dynamics are in a better
position today than even was the case 2 years ago pre tariffs.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then just related to kind of the Fastenal captive fleet. Is there a point at which
the absorption benefit from kind of keeping those folks busier again or keeping those assets busier starts
to level off in what's normal? Because I know on the way down or in softer patches, you talked about the
deleveraging there. But at what point does that kind of get back to normal, whether that's number of
points of growth or a dollar number, any way you would conceptualize it to think about that dynamic?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

I think that we're like any other industrial company or a cyclical company, I guess, in the sense that
when conditions are somewhat soft, that's a bit of a challenge and you underabsorb certain of your
structure. Our captive fleet is part of that. But frankly, so is manufacturing, so is our purchasing, our Asian
purchasing, et cetera, right?

So when demand is weak, that -- you tend to deleverage. Now this is an odd year because you look at our
revenue, say, well, demand was weak. But a lot of our demand didn't necessarily run through a lot of our
physical structure. There's a lot more direct shift type of business in 2020 than is typical.

The sort of off the side of that is if demand begins to go up, begins to improve, and that improvement is
impacting the core of our business, which is our field sales and our branches and taking advantage of the
business that we've built over 50-plus years, then we're going to leverage those assets.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 20, 2021

And so part of the -- I think part of the answer to your question is, what do you expect next year in terms
of industrial production growth and market growth? If you believe that we're going to be growing next
year, then I would expect that 2021, we would be leveraging. And we would be getting some benefit from
that as in contrast to what we saw in 2020.

So I think that the -- it depends heavily on what your expectations for underlying market growth is.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

But there's no ceiling where that becomes more difficult?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

I don't think so. I'm trying -- I'm wrestling with what that ceiling is, right? I mean, we have a certain
amount that we invest in manufacturing. We have a certain amount that we invest in our freight and other
elements of our infrastructure that the -- if we see demand begin to get better, I would expect that you
might see increases in that, but not at the same rate that demand grows, and so we would leverage it. So
I don't know that I see a ceiling in that.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

There's some dynamics in there. We took out a truck -- a data service earlier in the year. When that truck
is filled again or is overfilled and we need to add another day of distribution, another truck service to that
branch, that's something we've been doing for years. And so that grows with it.

The challenge for us is we did a really nice job in 2020. When we pulled that truck service out, we didn't
see our third-party spend go up because we needed some service that wasn't there, and our team did
a great job with that. We need to keep that reined in as well as we go into 2021. And I feel we're better
poised to do that than we have historically because we have better tracking information.

We've deployed a lot of new technology over the last few years and are continuing to deploy it. And one of
those is better illuminating what's where in our system. Just like when you ship a small parcel, being able
to know exactly where it is at any given point in time, we're getting better at that ourselves.

The only other nuance I'd probably introduce is I mean, yes, we are a cyclical -- we're viewed within
investing circles as a cyclical type company. Remember that we don't have anywhere near the amount of
fixed cost in our gross profit or I guess, in our cost of goods as, say, an average manufacturer does, right?

So does our leverage and deleverage work the same way? Yes, it does. Does it have the same order of
magnitude on the upside or the downside as an average manufacturer does? No. No, we tend to be a little
bit more muted in that regard. But it behaves the same way as your classic cyclical.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Hamzah Mazari from Jefferies.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

My question is largely around what do you think the impact is on a vaccine rollout to your business?
Clearly, there's a lot of moving parts. Maybe you can speak to it qualitatively. Safety maybe slows, but
maybe that helps gross margin, maybe the sales cycle accelerates on Onsite. Just any thoughts as to
vaccine impact on the business?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 20, 2021

Well, I think the biggest thing is the markers I talked about, our growth drivers improved because the
market has stated to us. And they've stated to us from the standpoint of our success. They stated to us,
we like this Onsite model. We like this vending and bins and FAST Stock model. We like it a lot. We're just
nervous about change right now.

We're worried about what's happening in the next 8 hours, 2 weeks, 2 months. We're more worried
about that than we are about strategically improving our business because we don't have that luxury.
And we don't want to invite new risk, even have you move in. And so I think it would manifest itself in
the fact that our pipeline that would expand, and you would see a resumption of the goals we talk -- the
targets we talk about on Onsite signings and vending signings, et cetera. And again, those are markers to
engagement with our customer. That's where you'd see it.

I think you'd see the underlying economy improve because people, let's face it, we all -- we're all really
tired of this. We want to get back to something that's closer to normal and retain -- there's a whole bunch
of things that we learned in the last 10 months that frankly would have taken us years to accomplish.

But the necessity is the mother of invention. And we invented a lot in the last 10 months as a society. And
there's a whole bunch of things that are positives coming out of it. Perhaps that makes our whole society a
little bit better.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

And I might contribute maybe a little bit of perspective, right, because I know that everybody is very
concerned about if things normalize, that we're going to lose all of that safety business. We don't lose all
of it, we lose some of it. But let's not lose sight of the fact that as much as everybody is concerned about
safety not growing at 116%, people look at it and we say, you know what, fasteners were down almost
20% in the same period of time. If COVID gets resolved, we may -- we have that tough comp in safety,
but we have really easy comps in everything that's not safety, which is a bigger part of our mix, right?

People might be concerned about our market share gains in safety and government if COVID normalized,
but it didn't do as well on signings because of it. And so we might lose one, but we gain the other.

I think if you stand back from the specifics and look at the overall results for the year, it was -- actually,
I think Dan and I both used in some writings, it was kind of a boring year or an unremarkable year if you
step back and don't think about the specifics and just look at our results. And that combines remarkable
performance in safety. Terrible performance goes to the market in nonsafety. And if COVID gets resolved,
that flips. And that's the perspective I would offer.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

With that, we're almost on the hour. Again, thank you for joining us. I would share one closing thought.
I've talked to you in the past about the pride that we all feel. And I hope you, as shareholders, feel in the
Blue Team and what we were able to accomplish in 2020.

I'm also quite proud of the trust that was part of that, an important ingredient of that, with our customer
and our supplier because we had to communicate like crazy and have trust throughout that supply chain
that we could pull some stuff off. And I'll share an example.

Tomorrow is an important milestone for us. A year ago, on January 21, we did something we'd never done.
After conversations with one of our trusted suppliers, a company upriver called 3M, we locked down in
our network N95 mask respirators because of what we were learning from our team in China, from our
supplier base, and we locked it down, and we'd never done that before.

And we did it with some really crude tools. We just basically shut off our request system for one part,
or several part numbers. But it was all about trust between what our supplier could do and what our
customer believed us, the supplier and Fastenal can do to support them. Thanks, everybody. Have a good
day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 20, 2021

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you.

Operator
Thank you. That concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a
wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 20, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

