Fastenal Company NasdaqGS:FAST
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 12, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.42

0.42

Revenue  (mm)

1538.81

1554.20

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-12-2021 2:10 PM GMT

0.00

1.00

0.37

1.55

1.71

1424.50

5885.68

6407.48

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.33

0.37

0.41

0.42

0.34

0.37

0.42

0.42

3.03 %

0.00 %

2.44 %

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 12, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Taylor Ranta Oborski

ANALYSTS

Christopher M. Dankert
Loop Capital Markets LLC,
Research Division

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Jacob Frederick Levinson
Melius Research LLC

Michael Lawrence McGinn
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 12, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal 2021 Third Quarter Earnings Results
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Taylor Ranta. Thank you. Please go ahead.

Taylor Ranta Oborski

Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2021 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted
by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer.
The call will last for up to 1 hour, and we'll start with a general overview of our quarterly results and
operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers.

Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No
recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's
consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage,
investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until December 1, 2021, at
midnight Central Time.

As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the company's future plans
and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations, and we undertake no duty to
update them. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those
anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the
company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and
we encourage you to review those factors carefully.

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us for our Q3 2021 earnings call.
And I'm going to start on Page 3 of Holden's flipbook, and run through some thoughts on the quarter. And
some of the prior quarters, Holden will share his thoughts on the latter half of the flipbook, and then we'll
do some Q&A at the tail end of this call.

So for the quarter, we grew our sales 10%. We ended the quarter with the business a bit stronger, up
11% and of equal or perhaps more importance, when I think of our sequential patterns, we're -- and we
highlight that, and Holden will touch on that, but we highlight that in our September information web
release, we're in a good spot as far as where we were in January and where we are in September and how
that positions us for going into 2022 from the standpoint of the strength of the business, the gains in the
business, et cetera.

If I set aside the noise of comparisons for a second, in comparisons to 2020 -- and I take a longer peer
back and Holden on Page 5 of the flipbook, similar to what we did last quarter, is we did a comparison to
2019. And we did that because it allows us to not have to explain all the conditionality of the comparisons
and look at it and say, here's what the business looked like before the pandemic started and here's what
our business looks like today. And everybody on this call knows what happened in the last 24 months as
it relates to Fastenal's business. The success we enjoyed, the help to society we were able to provide last
year and the products that we will bringing to bear and the impact we saw in our safety business in 2020.
So let's just ignore all that noise for a second.

And what stands out to me is we continue to invest in the growth drivers of the business, we continue to
invest in the people side of the business, we continue to execute and grow our market share. And what
you see is an organization that is about 13% bigger than we were 2 years ago. As we've talked in the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 12, 2021

past -- and I'm looking at Page 5 in the flipbook right now. As we've talked in the past, our growth drivers
carry a different gross profit profile. And you'd see with the rounding in Holden's schedule there, our gross
margin is about 90 basis points lower than it was 2 years ago.

What we've talked about is what we like about these growth drivers is they differentiate us in the
marketplace and they tap into the strengths of Fastenal, and we're able to bring scale to these elements
and manage our operating expenses more effectively. And you can see that not only did we improve our
operating expenses as a percentage of sales in the last 2 years, we completely offset the impact of the
gross margin change. In fact, that's a little bit of rounding, it's closer to 100 basis points.

And as a result, our operating income as a percentage of sales is 10 basis points higher today than it was
2 years ago. And so I believe in that 2-year time frame, we've done a great service to our employees,
we've done a great service to our customers. I believe we've done a great service to society in general and
what we were able to accomplish in 2020 and 2021. And I believe we served our shareholders well in the
process.

If you think about the operating and administrative expenses and what's really happened, we picked up
about 30 basis points on the people side of the business. We picked up about 70 basis points in that 2-
year period on the non-people side of the business. If I look at the people component, so our expense on
the people side is up about $28 million in that 2-year period. 14% of that number is the addition of people
and/or changing roles and/or inflation in rates. That raised the base element of our pay above 14%. The
incentive component, and this is looking at that -- not 14%, 14% of the increase came from that. 61% of
the increase, that $28 million over the last 2 years, 61% is related to incentive compensation.

So when we find success as an organization, we share that deeply into the organization. And like we
saw last year, our incentive comp pulled back, it reloaded itself this year. On a 2-year basis, 60% of our
increase in human costs is incentive comp. Another 14% is health care, one thing that's rippling really
significantly through our P&L right now, not just on a 1-year basis, which is like 45% increase. But on a
2-year basis, 14% of our cost increase is health care. And I don't know where that's going to go, in all
honesty. Another 1% of our increase came from profit sharing and 90% of our increases are bucketed into
those 4 categories in the last 2-year period. The other 10%, the biggest individual component of that is
social taxes and then other little noise in the numbers.

If I look at the increases, our remaining expenses in operating expenses increased about $4.5 million
on a 2-year basis. 25% of that increase relates to FMI, vending and bins. 25% of that increase relates
to distribution center increases. Now part of that is cost for facilities, part of that is cost that we're
doing to manage through the chaos that is supply the chain in today's world, 50% of that increase is IT
equipment. As you know, last year, we deployed 8,000-plus mobile devices throughout our network to
create productivity gains, to create social distancing, to create a better means to serve our customers and
illuminate for them what we do. That 50% of our increase there is what's funding a big piece of our labor
efficiencies in the last 2 years.

The final -- the other [ guide shift ] over the last 2 years, fuel prices are a little bit higher. Fortunately,
everything else in our P&L offset the impact of fuel. And so I hope you find that helpful of taking the noise
out of the 1-year comparison and looking at it holistically and say, what happened in the last 2 years.
Fastenal has invested in its ability to serve, it managed its cost effectively, it shared the fruits of our labor
with our team. And I think we served customers and society and our shareholders well in that process.

Flipping back to Page 3, and I'll get back off my tangent. FAST Bin, we have talked about that next stage
as we broaden our FMI, Fastenal Managed Inventory footprint. And vending has been around for 13,
14 years. Putting technology into bins is relatively new. A year ago, we had 705 machine equivalent
units deployed across our network. It's still a pretty small piece of the business. That number has grown
almost fourfold to 2,600 in the third quarter of 2021. It's now about 1% of our sales going through that
footprint. Again, it's small, but the power to become more efficient and provide a differentiated value in
the marketplace is strong.

I talked a few minutes ago about the mobility technology we deployed. A year ago, that mobility
technology helped us manage 6% of our revenue. Today, it's 11%. And again, ways to better illuminate

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 12, 2021

and create efficiencies for our team and, frankly, keep our team safer because these devices create social
distance. When you're in -- whether we're in a pandemic or an endemic right now, I'm not smart enough
to know, but these things help in our business.

As you read about in the paper and as I've seen in some of the write-ups and I've seen from some of
our peers and some of our other industries, the product and shipping cost inflation is not just high, it's
brutally high. The chaos and the impact, not just from a financial perspective, but from a toll it takes on
our human capital, is immense. The thing that stands out for me is the entrepreneurial culture within
Fastenal. Our ability to solve problems for others means you can also solve problems for yourself. The
disruptions we're seeing, our teams in the local market are able to figure out solutions to take care of their
customer. Just like we did in 2020, we're doing it again in 2021, but it does take a toll to the organization.

As we go through all this and have a lot of discussions with customers about disruption, about cost
changes, price changes, as you can imagine, it takes a lot of energy away from some of our growth drivers
and had lengthened some of the sales cycles. And you're seeing that show up a bit in our Onsite, in
our FMI program. So Onsite-wise, we signed 75 devices during the -- excuse me, 75 Onsites during the
quarter. Perfect world, I'd like that number to be 100. And -- but it really is about how much participation
are we getting across the network and how many customers are saying, yes, move in with me. We'd
like Fastenal to help us on-premises. That's a tougher sale on -- in this environment. However, our total
Onsites grew 10.5% over -- the number of Onsites grew 10.5% and the sales through those Onsites grew
more than 20% in the last 12 months. So they've proven what they can do for our customer and what
they can do for revenue growth, we just like to get a few more signings.

As I touched on the Fastenal-managed inventory, I think Holden does an excellent job, and I know we
haven't filed our 10-Q yet. But in our last quarter 10-Q, and the 10-Q we'll be filing in the upcoming days,
does a very good job explaining our digital footprint. And looking at the FMI component of that as well
as the e-commerce component of that, we're pushing the hardest on the FMI because we think a great
supply chain partner doesn't simplify the ordering process. They simplify the supply chain process and why
are you physically ordering repetitive items. And we believe that's a unique place for us to be.

Similar to what we saw in Onsites, our Fastenal-managed inventory from a device standpoint is up 10%
year-over-year. So we continue to see great traction. But I would like the signings to be a little bit higher.
E-commerce, it's about 14% of our sales now, it grew 43%. There's still a lot of one-off stuff, and we're
seeing that we're providing a better tool in the marketplace to help grow that piece of our business. You
combine FMI and e-commerce, our digital footprint is now 44% of sales -- 45% of sales, excuse me, and
that's where we ended the quarter in September. And that number, 9 months ago, was in the 30s. So
really pleased with that.

Before I transition over to Holden, I thought I'd touch a little bit on our in-market locations. Page 13 in
his flipbook, he does -- he has a great table in there that shows our end-market location statistics. And I
thought I'd share some perspectives on this. In the 6 years that I've been in this role, in the several years
before that, we were doing a pivot. And that pivot was really about the intensity of our branch-based
locations, the intensity of our network, we were starting to morph that into a few more Onsites, and we
took that into a really high gear in 2016.

But if I look at what's happened in the last 8 years, we've removed 938 locations from the Fastenal
network, and that's basically adding up all those closed, converted branch numbers over that time frame.
And in 3 of those years, 2016, 2018 and 2021, we've removed more than 150 branch locations. Part of
that is us looking at our network and saying, for what we are in the marketplace, what makes the most
sense, but it's also a reflection of the Onsite as we're moving more and more business out of the branch
network and moving into the customer, you rationalize your network. Most organizations would look at this
and say, "Geez, 938 on a base of [ 2,687 ] 8 years ago. Let's take a big restructuring charge. Let's do it all
at once, let's throw everything plus the kitchen sink into it and have cover." That's not how we operate.

Our district managers, our district leaders have figured out over that 8-year period, how to be creative
on making the economics of that work. In some cases, they might go to a customer and we sell part of
a building to them. But they figured out how to manage that process and constructively rationalize our
footprint over an 8-year period, where our footprint now, when you add in openings, we're 31% lower

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 12, 2021

than we were 8 years ago. But there wasn't a big disruptive impact. We just did it as a normal course of
business. That's something I think is the hallmark of the Fastenal organization.

In prior quarters, I've shared some COVID stats with the group. We had a tough quarter in the third
quarter. We had -- in the fourth quarter of 2020, we had 5 weeks where we had more than 50 cases in
that discrete week, in the fourth quarter of 2020. Two of those weeks were over 100. In the third quarter
of 2021, we had 7 weeks where we had more than 50 cases, one of those over 100. I'm proud of the fact
that our teams looked for ways to take care of our employee base, looked for ways to protect each other
and managed through that process because it's been incredibly disruptive in the third quarter. Staffing
locations, when you have people out with COVID, when your average location has 5 to 10 employees, is
incredibly challenging. We managed through it.

The other thing during the third quarter, we did a survey, we did a pulse survey of our employees.
And some things that jumped out in that survey, our employees felt -- and we always get a very high
participation in these surveys. Our employees felt in that survey, their manager, the team around them,
truly cared about each other, and we were protecting each other. And as the leader of Fastenal, I'm
incredibly proud of Blue Team for doing that.

Still there was a negative in there. There was one that felt -- wished there was a little more
communication internally. And that's a message to me. We need to always be good about communicating
what we're seeing in the marketplace. And the other thing that jumped out is I know what's expected of
me at work, and my manager cares about my wellbeing and about my development as a person. So a
lot of positive things, the team is tired from going through this period, but a lot of positive things we're
seeing.

With that, I'm going to turn it over to Holden.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Thanks, Dan. Turning over to Slide 6. As indicated, our sales were up 10% in the third quarter
of 2021, which includes up 11.1% in September. The period still has some difficult COVID-related
comparisons with government customers down 40.4%, and safety and janitorial products being down
2.9% and 15.4%, respectively, in the third quarter of 2021. As a result, we believe that total growth
for the quarter understates the strength we are experiencing in our traditional manufacturing and
construction customers as the chart on the page illustrates.

On the product side, this is also well demonstrated by our 20.2% growth in fasteners, but sales of our
other product segment, excluding janitorial, was also up 16.8%. In safety, sales of vended safety product,
which removes from both periods direct shipped, typically COVID-related bulk product, was up 28.5%.
National Accounts sales were up 16.8%. And while our smaller accounts were only up 2.2%, if we adjust
for the government, our remaining customers would have been up 11.7%. So bottom line, we continue to
experience broad strength in our traditional markets, consistent with macro data points such as PMI and
industrial production.

Pricing contributed 230 to 260 basis points to growth in the third quarter of 2021, up from 80 to 110 basis
points in the second quarter. This reflects actions taken year-to-date to mitigate the increases we are
seeing in product, particularly steel; and transportation, particularly overseas shipping. Inflation continued
to rise over the course of the third quarter of 2021, particularly for overseas containers and shipping
services. While we have a range of efforts underway to mitigate the impacts of inflation on our customers'
costs, further price actions may also be necessary in the fourth quarter of 2021.

Aside from inflation, and as Dan discussed, our marketplace continues to experience tight supply chains
and labor shortages. These disruptions impacted customer production more in the third quarter of 2021
than the previous quarter, and the increase in COVID infections exacerbated these challenges. These
trends seem likely to persist in the near term. To address these, we will continue to lean on technology
and branch initiatives to improve productivity and an organizational culture that empowers local leaders
to sustain high service levels. And while the supply chain remains elongated, we do expect an inflow of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 12, 2021

imported product in the fourth quarter of 2021 and the first quarter of 2022 that should sustain our high
product availability and reduce the impact of fill-in buys.

Now to Slide 7. Operating margin in the third quarter of 2021 was 20.5%, flat versus the third quarter of
20 -- sorry, the third quarter of 2020. Gross margin was 46.3% in the third quarter of 2021, up 100 basis
points versus the third quarter of 2020. This relates to 2 items: first, we experienced good leverage of
overhead and organizational expenses due to strong product demand and growth; second, we had better
product margin, primarily in safety products. Lower margin COVID-affected PPE was a smaller proportion
of total safety sales versus last year, and the margin on those COVID-affected products increased.

Product and customer mix did not impact gross margins in the third quarter of 2021 versus the prior year,
in contrast to the favorable impact experienced in the second quarter of 2021. Relatively strong fastener
growth allowed positive product mix to offset the negative impact of strong on-site growth on customer
mix, but the gap was narrower sequentially, a trend that is likely to persist. While the impact of pricing
in the third quarter of 2021 exceeded our original expectations, inflation and shipping costs similarly
exceeded our expectations. As a result, price/cost continued to be largely neutral in our gross margins in
the third quarter of 2021.

The increase in gross margin was offset by operating expenses growing faster than sales. Part of this is
due to the comparison, as third quarter 2020 operating expense leverage still reflected COVID-related low
labor intensity sales versus current sales being generated in a more traditional high-touch manner. Just as
relevant, however, is the role of cost resets. In the first year of a manufacturing recovery, it is typical for
various operating expenses to have an outsized recovery. We're experiencing that in 2021, including in the
third quarter, but also believe that the breadth of resets are unusually wide. For instance, we are seeing
a 40% increase in incentive pay, but we're also seeing a 50% increase in fuel costs, a 165% increase in
travel expenses and a 45% increase in health care costs. The nature of past downturns and recoveries
would not have necessarily led to so dramatic a rise, particularly in the latter 2 items.

As with last quarter, deleveraging operating expenses in the third quarter of 2021 is a function of
anniversary-ing the first periods of pandemic-related cost savings measures combined with a strongly
recovering marketplace. Similar dynamics are likely to play out in the fourth quarter of 2021, although not
likely on the same order of magnitude, and we anticipate being able to leverage in 2022 for a comparable
level of growth. Putting it all together, we reported third quarter 2021 EPS of $0.42, up from $0.38 in the
third quarter of 2020.

Turning to Slide 8. Operating cash flow was $168 million in the third quarter of 2021, down 32% annually
and 68.8% of net income. We paid roughly $30 million in payroll taxes, which were deferred from 2020
as part of pandemic-related legislation. The bigger impact on our conversion, however, was an increase in
working capital. Year-over-year, accounts receivable was up 13.8%. This reflects strong customer demand
and a shift away from PPE surge buyers last year and to our traditional customers this year that slightly
blended up days outstanding.

Inventory was up 4.4%. We did see meaningful reduction in our three-ply mask inventory in the third
quarter of 2021 and anticipate clearing out this inventory in the fourth quarter. Adjusting for this,
inventory would have been up 6.2%. We continue to clean out slow-moving hub and branch inventory,
closed branches and shift our stocking focus in the field. We believe these represent improvements in our
working capital that will be sustained. That is being offset by product installation and to a lesser degree,
product flowing into our network. We have a significant amount of imported products in transit and we
expect to see product availability in our hubs improve over the next couple of quarters.

In the current environment, this is how we are utilizing our balance sheet to support customer service and
growth.

Net capital spending in the third quarter of 2021 was $47 million, up from $34 million in the third quarter
of 2020, reflecting spending on a non-hub construction project in Winona. We have lowered our 2021
net capital spending range to $155 million to $175 million, down from $170 million to $200 million, as
supply chain difficulties are limiting our purchases of vehicles, branch supplies and other products. From a
liquidity standpoint, we finished the third quarter of 2021 with debt at 11% of total capital and net debt at

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 12, 2021

3.4% of total capital. Net debt is up from 2.2% in the year-ago period and 5.1% versus the fourth quarter
of 2020. Essentially, all of our revolver remains available for use.
That's all for our formal presentation. So with that, operator, we will take questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 12, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Jacob Levinson of Melius Research.

Jacob Frederick Levinson
Melius Research LLC

I think some of us were positively surprised by the growth rates, particularly as you closed out the quarter.
Didn't seem [ anyways ] that you had a lot of maybe product availability issues, but maybe that's --
maybe I'm reading into that wrong. So were there any particular areas that you guys are really struggling
to procure product? And I'm just thinking about your fastener supply chain and stuff being stuck off the
coast of California, maybe [ some color ] you can provide there?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Yes. If you look at -- so we have a variety of supply chain partners, some of which are domestic supply
chain partners, and they might be selling us, in many cases, branded product and that might be a
domestically manufactured or North American-manufactured or a globally manufactured item. And then
you have the items that are more commodity in makeup and fasteners is a high player in that, that tend
to be produced offshore, and that's been the case for 60, 70 years.

And as you can appreciate, we upped our safety stock and the depth of inventory we have on domestically
sourced product. And if I think of our supply chain, if I think of our distribution centers and our service
level that we measure with fulfillment to our branch network, we're at a very good spot there. It's product
that we bring in from overseas that is manufactured overseas. And one thing that helps us in the process,
and we've gotten some grief from over the years from the analyst community and justifiably so, we carry
a lot of inventory. And we have inventory spread across 3,400 locations, branch Onsites and distribution
centers. And so that gives us some resiliency that a lot of our peers don't have. But no, it's crushingly bad
right now on product coming in that has to go through a port and we're not immune to that.

We just have maybe a little more resourcefulness locally because some business models are so leveraged
to scale that when things get tough, they kind of fall apart. Our model is leveraged to scale. But when
things get tough, our local folks step up and fill in the gaps, but it's brutally hard work.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

And to Dan's point, I probably -- this is anecdotal, just feedback from the regional vice presidents that I
get each month and each quarter, but to Dan's point about our ability to identify and locate product locally
when we're not able to get it imported, fasteners are a big portion of that. But we -- there certainly have
been challenges in locating that domestic product, but the anecdotal feedback from the field is that we've
done a better job of that than most, and we've been able to sustain service levels.

And so you're absolutely right about difficulties on the imported product getting into our traditional supply
chain, but we are finding answers to that outside of our traditional supply chain, which is allowing us to
retain high service levels to the customers.

Jacob Frederick Levinson
Melius Research LLC

Okay. That's helpful. And just as a quick follow-up, I'd have to imagine your smaller competitors are
probably struggling right now, maybe not able to maintain that same service level and you've got a clean
balance sheet. So is there -- maybe you can comment on the pipeline. Is there an opportunity to maybe
pick up some of your smaller competitors that are struggling?

Daniel L. Florness
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 12, 2021

President, CEO & Director

I think there's a couple of fronts there. My perception would be, yes, there's struggling that's going on in
the marketplace. If you don't have as deep and as robust of a supply chain, and there's many different
places that tap into alternatives as we do. Even with our trucking network, we're able to move some
stuff around that our competitors can't do because our product is incredibly expensive to move. And it's
expensive for us, too, but it's less expensive because we're more efficient at it.

I think the biggest risk for some of the smaller and the folks that don't have as deep a supply chain is
actually only now popping its head up because my perception is some of that fill-in buying activity of
stuff that's imported by others that proves to be fill-in buys, that product is becoming more scarce in the
marketplace, which I believe puts us in an even better position to be serving our customer and not going
through Herculean efforts to make it happen.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

And when we look at opportunities, that pipeline, if you will, we're doing a lot more of evaluating strategic
opportunities rather than simply picking off perhaps struggling competitors as a means of consolidation.
That's not the primary focus when we do look into acquisitions, ours is primarily strategic. So again, at
this point, we think a better use of our balance sheet is investing in the working capital that we need to
sustain the type of service levels, which will in turn put pressure on those smaller customers and allow us
to gain the market share without having to pay a premium for it.

Operator

Our next question is coming from David Manthey of Baird.

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. So first question on operating expenses. Now we -- when you look sequentially in most years, there's
either the same number of selling days or sometimes there's a minus 1 from third quarter to fourth
quarter. This year, if my math is right, you're losing 2 selling days. And offsetting that, I know you have
costs up on some of these resets and inflation and things. But given that day situation, is there any
thoughts you can give us relative to the roughly $400 million SG&A you reported in the third quarter? How
we should be thinking about the fourth quarter SG&A?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

You're right about the days count. And so on a sequential basis, yes, we would lose a couple of selling
days and then that's leverage that you do give up on top of the seasonality, right, fourth quarter is just
typically not quite as active a period as occurs in the third quarter, but that happens every year.

I think if you look at history, history would suggest that the -- you would expect flat to down 3%, give or
take. And that really depends heavily on compensation costs, right? Whether you're flat or down 3% is
really driven by compensation costs, which makes sense because it's 70% of our operating expense line.

I will note, I think that whereas we have a difficult comparison from a days standpoint, we do have a little
bit of an easy comparison from a wages standpoint. We had some wages that were deferred into Q4 last
year and we will not necessarily replicate that this year. So that creates a little bit of an easier comparison.
And I do think that we'll have somewhat lower growth on days and lower gross margin, et cetera. And if
you bank all that in, honestly, I think somewhere within that normal range still makes sense to me, David.

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 12, 2021

Yes. Okay. That's helpful, Holden. And then just quickly on Slide 7. You said you expect to more effectively
leverage at a similar growth in '22 -- 2022, was the similar growth part of that statement any kind of
outlook? Or is that just a placeholder for the leverage comment?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

It was no sort of outlook. It was just simply saying, I guess, the better way to put it would be all other
things being equal, but it wasn't a prediction. As you know, our -- my crystal ball consists primarily of the
PMI, and that doesn't extend much past the beginning of Q1, as you know. So it wasn't a prediction.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Chris Dankert of Loop Capital.

Christopher M. Dankert
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

I guess, first off, maybe just any update here, third quarter now on kind of 2020, we added a lot of new
customers. You commented on retention in the past, but just any update on kind of what that retention
looks like kind of today?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. In the quarter, we still had -- so the definition, by the way, that retention is customers that had not
previously purchased from us prior to Q2 last year when the pandemic began to settle in for the first time,
right? So just that we understand the definition.

We still recognized a little more than $50 million in revenue from those customers in the third quarter,
down a little bit from where we were in the Q2 period, but it still represents a significant investments
and opportunity within the health care space that's derived from the environment that we've been
experiencing in the last 18 months.

Christopher M. Dankert
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And I guess, my apologies if I missed it in the prepared materials, but very
dynamic pricing environment, obviously. Any comment on kind of what you're expecting the top line
impact to be into the fourth quarter here? I mean, subject to change, sort of just kind of a snapshot of
what you're seeing today would be great.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I always feel I need to also plan, it's a very dynamic cost environment. But I would say that our
exit rate was perhaps a little stronger than our entrance rate for the Q3. And so I do believe that you'll
probably have some continued edging up from the range that we experienced in Q3 and Q4. So it wouldn't
surprise me if that number is a little higher. But we also keep a pretty good tab on when we expect to see
container costs and things like that begin to flow through the model. And I think you're going to see that
edge up in Q4 as well. So you could see incremental pricing in Q4 relative to Q3, but I think you're going
to see incremental cost. I think we're sort of currently expecting that for all intents and purposes that,
that price cost will remain neutral.

Christopher M. Dankert
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Got it. Again, congrats to the team on being able to maintain that price/cost neutrality so far.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 12, 2021

Before we take the next question, I'll just throw a little added commentary in on the question about the
customers that we didn't have before that are buying from us now. And Holden touched on the actual
statistics. I'll tell you -- I'll touch on the anecdote piece.

So if I go back in time, 3 years, 4 years ago, and I'd be out traveling, probably the only place I would
hear about things that we were doing that were noteworthy as it related to either government and --
government or health care, I'd be traveling down in Florida, and Bob Hopper would be telling me about
a K-12 school district that he had -- we were doing business with or that had expanded, and perhaps
I'd visit a site. And we had a lot of -- we have a lot of Onsites in K-12 school districts, in the Southeast,
particularly in Florida early on. And then Bob will tell everybody about it and pretty soon everybody else is
kind of dabbling in it and finding success there. And then we moved into expansion in some of the higher
ed and sign some Onsites.

One thing that stands out for me when I think of the last 9 months is I periodically hear -- and it's not just
coming from Bob anymore, but I periodically hear about a health care facility that we just signed up as an
Onsite. So far, most of those that I've heard about have been tethered to a university, but seeing traction
there. Now the numbers are incredibly small, don't get me wrong, in the scheme of things. But that's not
something I heard about 15 and 20 months ago, that I am hearing about as we go through each quarter
of 2021. And I see that as a positive because it widens the basket of potential customers out there.

The other thing that stands out, Holden and I have ongoing conversations with our team about
metropolitan areas and what's our plan for -- last Friday, we went through Minneapolis in the Saint Paul
area, what's our plan for this market. Every one of those discussions now include a discussion about some
traction we're getting on the government and educational fronts and health care fronts as it relates to
business activity and Onsite. And again, you would have to [ draw out the ] people in the past. Now it's
offered up, it's a growth opportunity in individual markets. With that, we'll take the next question.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Ryan Merkel of William Blair.

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Nice job on gross margins this quarter. So my first question is, is there anything to call out on gross
margins as we think about the fourth quarter? Should we expect normal seasonal declines?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

So yes, I think if you look historically, again, you would typically expect to see, call it, 20 to 40 basis
points of decline from Q3 to Q4. The -- I feel pretty good about that, to be honest. There could be a touch
of upward bias to that 20 to 40 basis point range. But if I think about price cost being relatively stable
versus where we are, et cetera, yes, I just think that the history here probably is fairly instructive. And
again, there might be a slight upward bias to that 20, 40 basis points history, but that's probably how I'd
characterize my expectations for the quarter.

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then I wanted to ask about FTEs. I noticed it was flat year-over-year in
September, it's down from January. Is this intentional? Or is this due to labor shortages? And then are you
seeing applications pick up now in some of the states where the benefits have ended?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

It is not intentional. I frankly would rather be on this call saying, you know what, we missed by $0.01
because we added more people, it was easier to add people. And -- but my sense is it's improved some.
And the most acute part for us we're -- we build pipelines, we build sales pipelines, we build pipelines of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 12, 2021

talent. And our best pipeline for talent over the last 50 years has been get somebody with a year or 2
years left of college, or is it going to -- whether that's a 4-year state college or a 2-year technical college,
ask them to come work for us. Tell them, hey, we'll give you some experience, you get some cash coming
in, which is always helpful to a student. And we're looking at 15 to 20 hours a week. But what we're really
doing is dating, with the thought process being when you graduate we think you will like us and we think
we'll like you, and we'll get married. And then you'll join your Blue Team and grow your career.

That's a tough recruiting model in the last 1.5 years because if colleges close and kids go home, well,
we need to -- our model is to hire them when they're at school and not when they're 3 hours away and
at home. So that just devastated that. Kids are back in school now. Now we're only a month basically,
a month and maybe 5 weeks into school. We haven't seen an uptick that I can tangibly put my finger
on. Most of it is anecdotal. I believe that piece of hiring will get better. And I don't know if I believe that
because I'm being a glass half-full optimist and I'm just wrong or I believe it because I think a lot of
people hunger to get back to some sense of normalcy. And part of it is, hey, I need a part time job in
college but it's not planned.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Michael McGinn of Wells Fargo.

Michael Lawrence McGinn
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I was hoping to hone in on the fasteners and port lead times you alluded to in the release. Is there a way
to disaggregate what the total lead time is from mill to port? And then how those fasteners turn relative
to your remaining product set when they do get into domestic stock? And maybe if it makes sense to
compare how that is in a normalized environment versus the congestion we're seeing now?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Holden, I don't know if you have that slide deck that we were just looking at the other day. As you can
appreciate, sometimes at quarter end or during the quarter, you're looking at so many different things that
I don't want to give you inaccurate information. What I can tell you is the buffer we're building into our
supply chain for import is dramatic. And it's measured in weeks, not in days.

And those weeks are -- I could almost say it in months rather than weeks. But it's a -- and I'm trying
to stall so Holden can look it up, but I don't think I'm going to get that luxury. But suffice it to say, it's
weakened out. And yesterday with our Board, I'll share an insight I posed to them. And that is, as an
organization, one of the Board's obligations to the shareholders is to manage risk. And one of the things I
said to the Board from a risk standpoint that we have to be acutely aware of -- and I don't know if acutely
aware of is 6 months from now or 6 years from now because I honestly don't know how this is going to
work its way out because a lot of capacity was taken out from the steamship lines last year. And part of
the issue is the capacity just isn't there.

So is this something that's part of our new normal that we're going to have this kind of consternation that
we need to build an extra 30 or 45 days of time into supply chain? The risk is when that flips -- and again,
I don't know if it's 6 months from now or 6 years from now, when that flips, we have to be acutely aware
it's happening when it's happening. Because right now, we sell $13 million worth of inventory a day. If all
of a sudden, stuff comes in 3 weeks faster, 4 weeks faster, you get -- well, $13 million times 20 business
days in a month is $260 million. So you could add $100 million, $200 million, $250 million of inventory
really fast if you're not dialed in and managing it. And -- but it's measured in weeks. And I apologize, we
don't have it at our fingertip. But a 30- to 45-day window wouldn't surprise me, but I just don't have the
accurate number in my fingertips.

Michael Lawrence McGinn
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 12, 2021

Yes, not a problem. I guess switching gears to the Onsites. I believe the normalized target remains 375
to 400. Can you discuss the revenue per site normalization or baseline you see as this initiative continues
to mature? And with the backdrop being you started Onsite, I think the average was 150 and now it's 100
per site. Does this normalization create a wider net for you to drive more signings in 2022?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

The -- so in terms of the revenue per site, you're right. I mean when we started this, we had a smaller
cohort of Onsites that did between $1.8 million and $2 million in revenue per site. And today, frankly,
that's probably more in the $1.45 million annualized level. And that's an improvement over last year. And
frankly, it's actually an improvement over 2019 as well. So we have begun to see that improvement occur.

It's one of those things, I think, is relevant to talk about because we talk about the signings being
somewhat weaker. But that team in the Onsite group, we've seen the average size go up. We've actually
seen the margin on that group go up. And we've seen the inventory on hand actually decline in terms of
days on hand number.

So we've talked a lot about as you sort of get out of this hyper growth process into sort of more of a fast
growth process that comes with a certain level of productivity and efficiency, we have seen that over the
last 12 months. And so when we get back to being able to sign 375 to 400 when the market normalizes,
I think we are doing so off of a larger, more productive base. And I think that's an exciting development.
Does that answer the question? Or did I miss a point of it?

Michael Lawrence McGinn
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

No, that answers the question. Appreciate it.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Okay.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

So I'm going to pull back to the last question. I pulled up my notes here from some stuff from 2 days ago.
In September, so total transit time for deliveries in August hit a Fastenal record 58 days. And September
was trending higher at the time they provided this update, this was a couple of weeks ago. If I look at that
back in the first quarter of 2020, which is the earliest bars on my chart here, that number was in the 30s
as far as days. And this includes both the transit time to the port and then the average time discharged
from port to destination. So it's not just what it takes to cross the ocean and get to the port, and are you
sitting there for 10 days or 9 days out in the ocean Rockport off Southern Cal or wherever it might be. But
then getting it through the terminal and transferred.

And probably the thing that jumps out the most for me is in the -- typically, when we're negotiating rates,
that's a rate that goes from the port in the original country to our destination, which is our distribution
center. And the steamship lines handle that entire journey. 35% of our containers coming in, in the third
quarter, we actually couldn't get them to the destination because they weren't available because there's
such a shortage of containers. 35% had to be manually unloaded at the port, loaded on a semi and driven
to our distribution center. And everything you read about is what's happening with the container cost
coming from overseas, that doesn't include that layer of expense because putting it on a semi and driving
it across North America is a lot more expensive than the container going on a train and going across North
America.

And that actually, I mean, we see a fourfold increase in container costs year-over-year. If you added that
piece in, the increase is more like sixfold. But that's 35% of our containers coming in. The only silver lining
in that is that 35% was 45% in August, and it was 28% in September. So I don't know if it's coming down

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 12, 2021

and it's going to continue that trend because 1 month isn't a trend, it's a data point. But that's been a
brutal piece of the inflation as well.

I see we're at 5 minutes before the hour. I trust we've answered most of the questions satisfactorily. And if
you have any follow-up, Holden and I are around for the balance of the day.

I would put one quick call out to the Fastenal team. EHS Today recognized Fastenal, along with 9 other
organizations, as America's -- as one of America's safest companies. And I want to say to our EH&S (sic)
[ EHS&S ] team, our safety teams that developed our plan and our employees that honor and respect that
plan, thanks for keeping each other safe in 2020. Thanks for what you did for society, and congratulations
on the recognition. Take care, everybody.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you.

Operator
Gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines
or log off the webcast at this time and enjoy the rest of your day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 12, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

