FedEx Corporation NYSE:FDX
FQ1 2022 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, September 21, 2021 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2022-

-FQ2 2022-

-FY 2022-

-FY 2023-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

4.92

4.37

(11.18 %)

5.00

21.14

23.60

Revenue  (mm)

21894.80

22000.00

0.48

22518.14

91098.81

95475.43

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Sep-21-2021 10:10 PM GMT

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

FQ1 2022

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

4.01

3.24

5.00

4.92

4.83

3.47

5.01

4.37

SURPRISE

20.45 %

7.10 %

0.20 %

(11.18 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brie A. Carere
Executive VP and Chief Marketing
& Communications Officer

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Mickey Foster
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Rajesh Subramaniam
President, COO & Director

ANALYSTS

Allison Ann Marie Poliniak-
Cusic
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Helane Renee Becker-Roukas
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Jack Lawrence Atkins
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Securities, Research Division

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Bascome Majors
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

Brandon Robert Oglenski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Todd Clark Fowler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation First Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Call.
Today's call is being recorded.

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for
FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.

Mickey Foster
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good afternoon. And welcome to FedEx Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. The first
quarter earnings release, Form 10-Q and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being
streamed from our website where the replay will be available for about 1 year. Joining us on the call today
are members of the media. [Operator Instructions]

I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the safe harbor
provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such
as projections regarding future performance, may be considered forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors,
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-
looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and
filings with the SEC.

Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-
GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.

Joining us on the call today are Raj Subramaniam, President and COO; Mike Lenz, Executive VP and CFO;
and Brie Carere, Executive VP, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer.

And now Raj will share his views on the quarter.

Rajesh Subramaniam
President, COO & Director

Thank you, Mickey, and good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining today's call. First and
foremost, I would like to extend my sincerest thanks to our global team members who continue to deliver
for our customers in an exceptionally challenging operating environment. We are extremely proud and
grateful for the manner in which Team FedEx continues to move the world forward.

The execution of our strategies continues to drive high demand for our differentiated services despite the
disruptive impact of the pandemic to labor availability, industry capacity and global supply chains. As we
look at our first quarter results, our performance was highlighted by double-digit increases in yield across
all our transportation businesses driven by limited capacity, high demand and our revenue management
strategy.

The impact of constrained labor markets remains the biggest issue facing our business, as with many
other companies around the world, and was a key driver of our lower-than-expected results in the first
quarter. As Mike will share in more detail momentarily, we estimate that the impact of labor shortages on
our quarterly results was approximately $450 million, primarily at FedEx Ground.

Labor shortages have had 2 distinct impacts on our business. The competition for talent, particularly for
our frontline workers, have driven wage rates higher and pay premiums higher. While wage rates are
higher, the more significant impact is the widespread inefficiencies in our operation from constrained labor
markets.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

To illustrate this, I'd like to share a brief example from FedEx Ground. Our Portland, Oregon hub is running
with approximately 65% of the staffing needed to handle its normal volume. This staffing shortage has a
pronounced impact on the operations, which results in our teams diverting 25% of the volume that would
normally flow to this hub because it simply cannot be processed efficiently to meet our service standards.
And in this case, the volume that's diverted must be rerouted and processed which drives inefficiencies in
our operations and, in turn, higher costs. These inefficiencies included adding incremental line haul and
delivery routes, meaning more miles driven and a higher use of third-party transportation to enable us to
bypass Portland entirely.

Now that's merely one example. Across the FedEx Ground network there are more than 600,000 packages
a day being rerouted. We anticipate the cost pressures from network inefficiencies, such as the one I just
illustrated, to persist through peak as we navigate the labor market and impacts of new COVID waves.

Overcoming these staffing and retention challenges is our utmost priority as they not only affect our cost
structures and operational efficiency but also having a negative impact on service levels. As such, we are
taking bold action across the enterprise to hire and invest in our frontline team members as we prepare
for the peak season ahead. These actions include targeted pay premiums, particularly for weekend shifts;
increased tuition reimbursement; sponsorship of a National Hiring Day on September 23 as we seek to
hire 90,000 additional positions ahead of peak; detailed volume and demand planning with customers
to drive additional sorts to alleviate congestion; and expanding network capacity, which I will touch on
shortly.

Based on these actions, combined with our expectations for improving labor conditions, we do anticipate
gradual improvement in our operational efficiency as we turn into the new calendar year.

During the first quarter, the team continued to execute on our strategy even amid the challenging
operating environment. As e-commerce drives higher demand, we continue to strategically invest in our
network to boost daily package volume capacity, increase efficiencies and further enhance the speed
and service capabilities of our networks. Our investments continued in Q1 as FedEx Ground expanded its
physical footprint with a new state-of-the-art hub in Chino, California, which began operations in August.
This fully automated hub includes large package sortation, has the capability to process up to 30,000
packages per hour and strategically located to help address ongoing port congestion challenges. FedEx
Ground also continues to see year-over-year improvement in last mile efficiency driven by a 2.4% increase
of packages delivered per hour compared to Q1 last year, thanks to route optimization technology.

As we move into Q2, we are meticulously planning for peak season ahead, including close collaboration
with customers to build solutions to enable them to succeed. We expect to have substantially higher
ground capacity in this peak season due to our investments in FedEx Ground's infrastructure. This
includes the addition of more than a dozen new automated facilities and several other sortation equipment
expansions in addition to the Chino hub that I already mentioned.

Several key technology projects are also slated for completion this fall, including the modernization of
multiple sortation, transportation management and safety systems, which will help to increase Ground's
network capacity by hundreds of thousands of ADV as well as its flexibility and resiliency. This brings a
total capacity increase of more than 1 million average daily volume compared to last peak.

Another significant opportunity in our growth strategy is the improvement in the profitability of our
international express operations. We reached a significant agreement with the social partners at
our LiÃ¨ge express operations regarding the intended European air network transformation. This is
an important milestone in the completion of the air network integration, which remains on track for
completion in spring 2022. That will bring the physical network integration of TNT into FedEx to a close
and, when combined with the benefits of our previously announced European restructuring, provides
significant upside in our international profitability moving forward.

In summary, we are taking bold actions in the short term to navigate through this highly uncertain
environment. We remain committed to long-term shareholder return, and we are very confident in our
strategy for the following reasons. We have a differentiated portfolio of services to attack the fast-growing
e-commerce market.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

Our business model gives us the framework to be very successful in this regard. In fact, we are working
strategically with several retailers to deliver a win-win-win solution: win for the retailer, win for the
end consumer and win for FedEx. For instance, we recently partnered with a large retailer to create a
common data platform that drives optimization of our combined assets and enhancement of visibility and
predictability to the end customer. Further, as the day-definite residential volumes grow in our network,
there's increasing opportunity to collaborate across our operating companies to improve efficiency by
better utilizing our assets. Another upside for FedEx is international. Hence, the completion of our physical
integration in Europe provides an inflection point for profitable growth. And finally, we are in the early
stages of unlocking value from digital innovation. We are confident that this will play a significant part in
the success of FedEx for years to come as we make supply chains work smarter for everyone.

Our strategy is sound and positions us well for improved returns as we move through fiscal year '22 and
beyond.

With that, let me turn it over to Brie.

Brie A. Carere
Executive VP and Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

Thank you, Raj, and good afternoon, everyone. Our first quarter commercial results were very strong with
14% revenue growth and double-digit yield improvement in our transportation segments. These results
reflect the positive backdrop for growth in the parcel market, including a very healthy pricing environment.

For fiscal year '22, FedEx revenue was forecasted to pass $90 billion. Further, we are forecasting that the
U.S. parcel market will grow to 101 million packages a day by calendar year 2022, which is year-over-year
growth of 12%. These market projections are slightly lower than last quarter as e-commerce percentage
as a percentage of retail declined. We saw a shift to in-store shopping and buy online, pick up in store.
And spending and services, of course, increased. However, despite this moderate change in e-commerce
growth, the secular trend of e-commerce growing as a percentage of retail will continue to drive healthy
parcel market growth. We are forecasting a 10% annual growth rate of U.S. domestic market volumes
through 2026.

At FedEx, in the first quarter, total U.S. domestic package volumes increased year-over-year by 1.5%. At
Express, our total U.S. domestic package volume grew 7% year-over-year. Total FedEx Ground volumes
were relatively flat in the quarter. However, I'm very proud as we proactively managed our capacity for
higher-yielding commercial and home delivery services. In fact, FedEx Ground commercial volumes grew
double digits in the quarter.

In the first quarter of fiscal year '22, FedEx's total U.S. domestic residential package volume mix was
57% versus 62% a year ago. U.S. B2B mix improved year-over-year in the first quarter of fiscal year '22
as B2B volumes continue to recover with inventory replenishment and manufacturing rebounding as the
economy opens. B2C mix continues to remain higher, however, than pre-pandemic levels.

In Q1, FedEx Freight revenue increased 23%, driven both by increased volume and higher revenue quality,
a huge shout-out to the FedEx Freight team. Great job, team. FedEx Freight Direct continues to create
incredible momentum.

Turning now to our revenue quality strategy. The continued constrained capacity in both the U.S. domestic
and international markets has led to a very favorable pricing environment. We are focused on protecting
and growing volume in high-yielding commercial segments, including commercial ground and small and
medium segments. We have an incremental opportunity to improve large customer yields through contract
renewals and providing large customers an ability to procure incremental capacity at current market rates.

As announced yesterday, effective January 3, 2022, FedEx Express, FedEx Ground and FedEx Home
Delivery shipping rates will increase by an average of 5.9%, while FedEx Freight rates will increase by
an average of 5.9% to 7.9%. We also announced other surcharge increases, which can be found on
fedex.com. These increases will help us continue to balance capacity with demand and mitigate the impact
from the increased cost that Raj just outlined.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

Turning now to international. We are forecasting the air cargo market to be more than $80 billion by
calendar year 2025. At FedEx, we currently have single-digit market share. And as such, this remains
a significant growth opportunity for us to continue to pursue. We expect air cargo capacity to remain
constrained through at least the first half of calendar year 2022. A full recovery is not anticipated until
2024.

Global air cargo capacity continued to recover in July. It is still down 10% compared to pre-pandemic
levels. Capacity on international lanes remains scarce, and we have seen European and APAC export
demand recover to pre-pandemic levels. Globally, we continue our efforts to optimize our network and
customer mix. We managed to a very high percentage of priority service on our international flights with
yield per package improvement of 11% for international parcel and yield per pound improvement of 18%
for international freight.

Exports from Asia are fueled by the strong demand from B2C and B2B recovery. B2B will further benefit
from a shift in demand from ocean freight to air cargo as our customers replenish stock levels in time for
the peak sales season. To provide access to reliable capacity in this constrained environment, we turned 6
previously ad hoc intercontinental flights into scheduled service to fiscal year quarter 1: 4 Transpacific and
2 for the Asia-Europe lane. We are seeing a strong recovery in Europe as well with the overall economic
recovery back to pre-pandemic levels.

Our intra-Europe cross-border B2B volumes have recovered to pre-COVID levels. Our growth is further
accelerated by significant B2C parcel volumes. E-commerce growth will be critical for both our Asian and
European businesses. In Q1, we expanded FedEx International Connect Plus from Europe to 6 new global
destinations, increasing coverage to 82% of global GDP across a total of 300 lanes. And on September 1,
we launched FICP in EMEA across 80 origin destination lanes. For businesses looking for a cost-effective
solution with competitive transit, FICP provides a compelling e-commerce value proposition. We continue
to gain new customers through FICP and have a very robust sales pipeline.

In summary, while it continues to be a very dynamic market, we remain incredibly confident in our global
growth potential and our world-class commercial teams to bring in market-leading yields.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Mike for his remarks.

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Brie, and good afternoon, everyone. Our first quarter FY '22 adjusted earnings per share of
$4.37 was negatively impacted by approximately $800 million in year-over-year headwinds. And while Raj
covered the operational impacts of these challenges, I will detail the financial impacts to the quarter.

Of these headwinds, the difficult labor market had the largest effect on our bottom line, representing
an estimated $450 million in additional year-over-year cost, the majority of which impacted our FedEx
Ground business. As we look into the impact of labor cost in the business, I want to break this impact into
2 components: higher wages and the impact of network inefficiencies.

Of the $450 million, we estimate that $200 million was incurred in higher wage and purchase
transportation rates. This included higher wage rates and pay premiums for team members and higher
rates paid for third-party transportation services. In addition to the higher wage rates, we estimate that
network inefficiencies of approximately $250 million contributed to the total impact of labor shortages on
the business. These costs include additional line haul, higher usage of third-party transportation, cost to
reposition assets in the network, overtime and recruiting incentives, all to address staffing shortages.

Beyond the labor impacts, our results for the first quarter also included the following headwinds: an
additional $135 million in health care costs due to lower utilization a year ago; $85 million related to
investments in the Ground network, which represents the cost of bringing online 16 new automated
facilities and expansions at 100 facilities, which are critical to improving service and adding capacity
to meet growth for peak and beyond; and at Express, we had an estimated $60 million in incremental
air network costs due to the impact of COVID restrictions on our operations, including limitations on
layovers, supplemental crews to ensure service continuity and immigration restrictions. In addition, and as

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

a reminder, our prior year results at Express included a pretax benefit of $65 million from a reduction in
aviation excise taxes.

That said, our first quarter results did come in lower than our own expectations as difficult labor conditions
persisted throughout the quarter. As a result of that, variable compensation was not an expense headwind
in the first quarter.

With that overview of the consolidated results, let's turn to the highlights for the segments. At Express,
results declined due to the higher operating expenses from staffing challenges and COVID-related air
network impacts I discussed. Profitability was also impacted by fewer charter flights compared to the
surge last spring during the early months of the pandemic.

While we've covered the impacts to Ground results in detail, I would like to call your attention to an
enhancement in our reporting included in the release and the 10-Q. As a result of business growth and our
unmatched 7-day operating network at Ground, we are now providing additional product level disclosures
for average daily package volume. Beginning with our first quarter, we are breaking out ADV statistics for
FedEx Ground commercial, home delivery and economy services.

Turning to Freight. We reported a record operating margin of 17.3% for the quarter as our continued
focus on revenue quality and profitable growth drove average daily shipments up 12% and revenue per
shipment increased 11%, as Brie highlighted previously.

Now turning to capital spending. During the first quarter, we spent $1.6 billion in capital as we continue
to invest in our strategies for profitable growth, service excellence and modernizing our digital and IT
platforms. Our capital forecast for fiscal '22 remains at $7.2 billion and less than 8% of anticipated
revenue and includes the following key elements. First, more than 50% increase in capital spending at
Ground year-over-year for capacity expansion and new facilities to capture opportunities from growing e-
commerce business. And second, fleet modernization in Express with continued investment in 767 and 777
aircraft, which not only has a high financial return but is an important part of the strategy to reduce our
carbon footprint.

In evaluating capital investments, our return on invested capital on existing capital and new projects is
a critical metric to managing our business, and we have a rigorous approval process in place on all new
capital projects. As we look at investments, we set the internal rate of return hurdle above our weighted
average cost of capital, which varies based on the nature of the project. For example, an investment in
replacement capital would have a lower hurdle rate than growth capital. Capital returns has always been
an important metric to managing the business, both historically and in the future.

We ended our quarter with $7 billion in cash and are targeting over $3 billion in adjusted free cash flow
for FY '22, which puts us on pace to deliver over $7.5 billion in adjusted free cash flow for FY '21 and '22
combined, far exceeding our historical levels. We continue to focus on thoughtful capital allocation and
strengthening our balance sheet in fiscal 2022. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.9 million shares
totaling roughly $550 million and are targeting approximately 1 million additional shares for the balance of
the year. In addition, we plan to make a $500 million voluntary contribution to our pension plan this year.

We are lowering our fiscal 2022 guidance to reflect our first quarter results, which were lower than our
expectations. As we look to the rest of the fiscal year, we expect certain factors to extend longer than
we originally forecast in June. So for fiscal '22, we are now forecasting earnings per share of $18.25
to $19.50 before the mark-to-market retirement plan accounting adjustment and earnings per share
of $19.75 to $21 before the mark-to-market adjustments and excluding estimated TNT integration
expenses and costs associated with business realignment activities. And our effective tax rate projection
is approximately 24%, again, prior to the mark-to-market retirement plan adjustments. While our outlook
reflects more uncertainty moving forward, it represents adjusted year-over-year EPS growth ranging from
approximately 9% to 15.5% following our record fiscal 2021.

As you all know, we are navigating an inherently uncertain macro environment and managing several
unknowns. The pace, shape and timing of global economic recovery given the dynamics of the pandemic,
including the spread and response to new and existing COVID variants, the uneven nature of global

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

government restrictions, disruptions to global supply chains and, of course, recovery in labor availability.
Our forecast assumes continued growth in U.S. industrial production and global trade, a gradual
improvement in labor availability, current fuel price expectations and existing tax regulations.

With respect to labor, we are assuming that the combination of these actions we are taking that Raj
outlined, combined with a steady increase in labor availability as we turn into calendar '22, will allow us to
add team members which will drive improvement in our efficiency, productivity and cost structure.

While we are not providing specific second quarter EPS guidance, I do want to highlight a few key
assumptions within our outlook. Overall, for the second quarter, we anticipate a similar level of headwinds
in Q2 as we experienced in the first quarter as the challenges and impacts to our operations from the labor
shortages are expected to persist through the rest of calendar 2021. Consistent with the first quarter,
we also expect headwinds in Q2 to be driven by our expansion of Ground, higher health care expenses,
COVID-related air network inefficiencies at Express and the benefit in the prior year of reduced aviation
excise taxes.

That said, while these headwinds will persist in the second quarter, we expect strong performance in the
second half of fiscal '22. We remain confident that our long-term strategies will allow us to realize the
benefits of growth investments in the future.
And next, we'll be happy to address your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Scott Group from Wolfe Research.

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

So guys, it strikes me that everybody in transportation right now has a lot of pricing power, and everyone
is dealing with tight labor capacity and inflation, but every other transport company is reporting margin
improvement and earnings growth. So I guess my question is, why do you think you're seeing a bigger
impact than anybody else in transportation? And outside of just adding more capacity and spending more,
what sort of meaningful significant changes do you think you need to make or are you contemplating
making to start realizing more sustainable improvement in margin, earnings, returns, all that?

Rajesh Subramaniam
President, COO & Director

Let me start by saying that we definitely do not see this as an us-versus-them situation at all. In fact,
the Minneapolis Fed noted that firms in every sector reported difficulty in attracting labor and that 68%
of the Fortune 100 companies addressed supply chain and labor disruptions over the past quarter. So
the situation is very complex, not just the availability of workers, workers impacted by safety concerns
with COVID and, of course, the very real issue of child care. And our labor markets and broader economy
cannot function properly if schools and daycares cannot stay open. So our approach to our teams and
our people-first culture, combined with the flexible operating model in Ground, has positioned us to
remain competitive in this market and we are highly confident at the actions we are taking to address the
shortage, as I outlined in my prepared remarks.

However, let me just also add that we are very confident in our strategy. I mean where the market is
growing, we have a differentiated value proposition. We have a network, an operating model that makes
it good for us to succeed, and so we are confident in the long-term strategy here. And as Mike said, we
expect to see, in the new calendar year, labor availability continues to recover. Mike?

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Scott, I would add, I think you can't just characterize all transportation companies in one singular
bucket there and assume that everybody has the same considerations in terms of the nature of the
business there. We're trying to explain with great specificity how this operationally impacts us and thus
the financial ramifications of that. So look, we fully recognize that the first quarter wasn't what we
anticipated. We've taken a number of actions to address that. We will continue to identify further actions.
But I will fully say if the circumstances don't change as we identified here, we absolutely would need to
revisit the pace of the plans that we have. If the strategies are sound, we would absolutely need to think
about the pace of things given the environment that we're operating in. So I think Brie highlighted the
characteristics of what growth is and will continue to be in the business, so that remains the underpinning
going forward.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Brandon Oglenski from Barclays.

Brandon Robert Oglenski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Mike, can I just follow up on that? I think the frustrating part from an investor perspective, you guys have
definitely seen pretty substantial growth in the past decade, definitely put the capital behind that, but
margins are actually lower now than they were prior peak. Returns have obviously come down, and we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

do hear lots of bold actions how to sustain forward growth. But I guess I'm going to ask the question just
the same way. Like, what is being done in a bold way to improve returns and profitability across all these
networks? And is there a way to look back and say, "Hey, we've been investing in the 777 and 767 fleet,
and yet Express margins aren't showing the most traction?" How do we review those prior plans to ensure
that they deliver in the future?

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

So Brandon, let me -- first, you mentioned about Express investment in the aircraft there. If you rewind
roughly 1.5 years ago, we were in the midst of talking about parking and reducing capacity in a number of
our MD-11 fleet. Obviously, the market changed radically here and there was the need for the additional
capacity and the opportunity there, so we unparked those. Should things change going forward, that
remains a flex lever. And it absolutely is the case that having a higher proportion of the newer, more
efficient aircraft, which the 767 and 777 are, in the fleet will drive improved economics and margins at
Express. So again, we're ongoing looking at these different network initiatives. And so that absolutely
remains a long-term winner in terms of the fleet renewal, and we will continue with that.

What was the second part of your -- you started off with another aspect?

Brandon Robert Oglenski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Well, Mike, the frustrating thing, I think, here for a lot of your investors is that the growth is very evident,
especially in the last few years. It's just that margin cannot improve. So there's always a plan to improve
margins, but it doesn't seem to come through. So what are the bold steps that can be taken to improve
those outcomes in the future?

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Well, let me just step back a little bit. We had record results in '21 and improved margins. Our guidance,
albeit lower than what we shared with you 3 months ago, is, if you look at the operating earnings, in
fact, it's double digit at the low end. We had some discrete tax items there. So indeed, we are focused on
driving improved margins, cash flows and returns and feel that we're projecting another record year on
top of a record year. So again, we are absolutely committed to continuing that trajectory.

Operator

And we'll go next to Chris Wetherbee from Citi.

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I want to ask about costs. Mike, helpful to kind of run through a number of the items that were impacting
the quarter. But if I were to sort of exclude those items and look at sort of the cost inflation on the
package business, the Express and Ground package, it still looks like I'm getting about 9% cost inflation
on essentially flat volume. So I was wondering maybe if you could help us understand, ex some of the
items that you've talked about, what's driving the cost inflation at such a high level when we're not seeing
the volume growth in those individual segments. And maybe do you expect that to sort of change? And do
you think margins expand in both of those segments for the full year?

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Let me take a swing at that first. So as it relates to the cost inflation and taking that category broadly,
let me just clarify what's in our outlook. The network inefficiencies inherently are contributing to that
cost increase that you're talking about. We expect those to mitigate and work away. In our outlook that
we're giving you here, we're not assuming any change in terms of the current labor market, in terms of
wage rates in that. So just to give you an illustrative example here. A year ago, our package handlers

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

at Ground, we are paying an hourly rate that is 16% more than previously. At our Express major sort
locations, the hourly rate is north of a 25% increase. So those are the -- that is the reality of the labor
market right now. And so thus, as Brie highlighted, we are taking a number of actions to recognize and
address that. Maybe if I help talk through as we go through the year here, I think maybe part of what
you're -- are also there.

So again, like I said, more efficient operations as we go through the year. The pricing actions that we
announced yesterday, combined with our ongoing efforts, those largely will impact the second half of the
year. Raj highlighted a number of the adaptations we're making in our operating plans as well as some
of the technology and other initiatives we're bringing on to execute more efficiently. And then just to tie
off some aspects here, we will have some tailwinds in the second half. You may recall, we had the severe
weather situation in the third quarter of last year. Variable comp will be a tailwind in the second half of the
year. And then there was 2 other items with the frontline bonus program and then the recognition of our
yield contribution. So trying to put all that in context for you there.

Raj, anything you want to add?

Rajesh Subramaniam
President, COO & Director

I was just going to cap it off, Chris, by just saying that we expect in the second half improved margins in
all segments of our business.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Ravi Shanker from Morgan Stanley.

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I just wanted to follow up on the basis of the last comment because, again, some of the items that point
to the second half being materially better than just yield contribution and variable comp, I mean those
doesn't seem operational, those are like almost onetime-ish. So I'm just trying to get a sense of how you
have this confidence in second half being significantly better than the first half. The reason I'm asking the
question is because you basically cut your full year guidance by approximately the magnitude of the first
quarter miss, which doesn't necessarily imply that you are expecting these to continue.

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Ravi, you broke up some there, but there was a reference to some of these items being nonoperational in
the second half. I guess maybe I'd turn it around the other way and say, if we were fully...

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Sorry, if I can try again. I just wanted to get a little bit more detail into why you think second half is going
to be materially better than the first half because some of the items you quantified, the yield contribution,
the variable comp, et cetera, those seem kind of nonoperational, almost onetime-ish in nature, kind of. So
again, do you really feel like the top line is going to accelerate, the volume is going to accelerate? And the
reason I'm asking this question is because you basically cut your full year guidance by approximately the
magnitude of the first quarter miss, which does not seem to imply that you are expecting these labor cost
issues to continue for the rest of the year.

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Well, we're not sitting on our hands amidst these circumstances. We're taking actions to mitigate it. So I
wouldn't characterize it as just singularly looking at Q1 and changing as a result of the outcome of that.
So we're aggressively managing every aspect there. I guess I might turn it around the other way and say,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

if you looked at our results in Q1, absent the labor availability challenges, it would be extraordinary. And
thus, we realize the absolute number matters. And so we're taking actions on a number of fronts that will
make the second half exactly as we outlined.

I'll let Brie address your volume question for later, as we go through the year.

Brie A. Carere
Executive VP and Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

Yes. I guess the only thing to add is we're still pretty bullish on the volume growth and our ability to take
share both domestically and internationally. The Q1 of our fiscal year is the hardest comp year-over-year
from a growth perspective. So for sure, we had -- to say earlier -- I think there was a comment earlier
about kind of flat volumes. We have to put that in perspective. And we have record high volumes within
the network right now. As we look towards peak, we're going to see growth on what was a tremendous
growth at peak last year. So we're pretty confident in the volumes.

And again, to complement what Mike shared, as a reminder, a lot of our increase -- well, our GRI
will happen in January. So it will happen in the back half, which is obviously a big driver of back-half
performance, and then a couple of things. John's got some great technology that's coming into market. As
we head into peak and in the back half, it's going to help us be more productive. And Karen Reddington
and the Europe team has some incredible work going on as they finalize the integration of the air network,
and we've got some other work going on there to improve European profitability. So we are pretty
confident in the back half of the year.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Ken Hoexter from Bank of America.

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Securities, Research Division

So Raj, I think there was a comment in the release kind of talking about some deceleration on some of
the e-commerce, with Ground volumes down 10% year-over-year, international domestic down 13%. Is
that part of what you're anticipating for labor to improve? Or maybe just talk about the top line where you
were just mentioning still seeing strength and a good network into peak, but yet these numbers indicate,
and kind of what we're hearing from the market, that we're seeing some of this deceleration as you had in
the print. So maybe just talk about the volume side a little more.

Rajesh Subramaniam
President, COO & Director

Sure. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Brie. No, absolutely. We are actually seeing very strong volume.
To add to what Brie just said, the only reason we're seeing a flat volume in the Ground segment is
because of the economy product we just broke out for you for the first time. And even from a -- the
commercial volume is growing strongly. And even our HD volume, on a very tough year-over-year comp,
we're still growing on top of that. And international is growing very strong. So no, the only place we're
not growing this restructuring are in the international domestic businesses. But our IP business, our IE
business and our export business are very, very strong. So no, the demand for our services continue to
be very strong because of the differentiation that we are providing in the marketplace, and we continue to
gain market share around the world.

So Brie?

Brie A. Carere
Executive VP and Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

Yes. I think Raj kind of outlined it pretty clearly from a volume perspective. As we get beyond -- I guess
the one thing I should add that maybe wasn't clear in my opening remarks is that we are constraining
demand right now. As Mike and Raj talked about the labor, we are doing everything we can to strike
that right balance of growth with service. And I will tell you that as we've done that, you can see where

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

we've constrained it. It's the FedEx Economy product. It's the least profitable product, so it's the right
place to constrain growth. And we have made sure that we are not constraining growth in our highest
profitable segments. That's small and medium, and that's our commercial. And you saw those strong
commercial numbers that I referenced earlier. So I would say, number one, we're confident in the secular
growth opportunity for FedEx. Two, we feel we've been gaining share. My last market share report shows
that. And then where we are having to constrain because of the labor issues, we are doing so in a very
disciplined manner.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Tom Wadewitz from UBS.

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I wanted to go back to labor. I mean it seems like your guide really, in a pretty big way, hinges on that
assumption of improving labor availability in second half. So I guess just 2 elements to that. Do you feel
like you have much visibility to that improvement? And what maybe have you seen that would give you
confidence that that's going to happen? And then I guess, a component within that, if you go into peak,
it would seem like if you can't staff the sorts ahead of peak and you have to hire, I don't know what your
number is, 50,000, 70,000 people, that, that problem could get worse before it gets better. So I guess
visibility on your labor and being okay during peak as well.

Rajesh Subramaniam
President, COO & Director

Thank you, Tom. Yes, the number is 90,000, and we are well on our way here. Now the last 2 weeks,
we have seen pockets of opportunity and positive changes that we hadn't seen in the first quarter. So
that gives us a little bit of encouragement. And this is a systemic issue. And so yes, we're making some
assumptions here in terms of labor availability. But if we staff up for peak then, hopefully, Q3 will be in
good shape. So we're not making dramatic assumptions here in terms of Q3 and Q4, but we are assuming
that Q3 is going to be better than Q2, is going to be better than Q1. And the early indication, just very
early indication, is that that's indeed the case.

So I don't know, Mike, if you want to add anything to that.

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

No. Just to reiterate, I broke the labor impact into 2 pieces. The part that we're assuming that does
mitigate, as Raj outlined, is the impact from the availability. Again, the market wage rate is what it is and
we can assume nothing different than that, and that is what is baked into the outlook.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Brian Ossenbeck from JPMorgan.

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just wanted to ask Brie about the trends in pricing. Obviously, we saw the GRI yesterday. You talked about
that briefly. You've got some new surcharges in place, fuel is going up. But I think you mentioned in the
prepared remarks, there's some availability for people, the larger shippers, to get capacity now at current
rates. So maybe you can just distill those 2 factors. What do you feel about getting price in the market to
capture ahead some of these costs? And then maybe you can clarify the comments on the larger shippers
who generally cause a lot of these surges from the volume perspective.

Brie A. Carere
Executive VP and Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

Got it. Thanks, Brian. Good question. To be really clear, when we're talking about incremental capacity,
one of the key elements of our revenue quality strategy, which has application here in the United States
as well as in our intercontinental. As we talked about it, I talked about the 6 new flights that we launched
from an Asia outbound perspective. And that was primarily, quite frankly, a transition from ad hoc to
scheduled service to improve reliability. But that allows us to plan and predict, and it also allows us to sell
differently. As we sold into those flights versus previously, a lot of that was kind of catch-up in spot rate.
We are making sure that we are bringing on customers at current rates, and we are measuring kind of
those current rates. So if a customer had ex use of our intercontinental lift prior to the last 18 months, we
have contractual terms there. But as we increase the capacity we give those customers, that incremental
business comes on at a higher rate.

So we're really trying to strike the right balance with our customers, give them the predictability that they
need and honor our existing contractual terms as well as, as we expand capacity, give them availability
to that capacity at an incremental current market rate, so really trying to strike that right balance. So
that's what I was referring to. It's predominantly in the intercontinental side but, of course, it does have
application from a peak perspective. As we brought on new customers this year and we look at our surging
customers, they obviously -- those peak surcharges help them get the capacity they need so they can
have a successful peak. I hope that helps answer your question.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Jordan Alliger from Goldman Sachs.

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Just on the new Ground buckets that you've broken out, can you maybe talk a little bit about the 3 pieces
and what you expect going forward, roughly similar trend lines, with the commercial sort of outpacing
everything but still positive on the home delivery and, as you mentioned, the constraining capacity to keep
limiting the last piece of the business?

Brie A. Carere
Executive VP and Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

Great question. So for this fiscal year, as we talked about, inventory levels are at an all-time low and
all of the economic indicators that we're tracking is saying that we're going to have a very strong
commercial year here in the United States as well as in Europe. And of course, that's also going to drive
our intercontinental business. So for FedEx Ground commercial, we are expecting a strong growth year.
From a home delivery perspective, I do think that you will see, say, moderate growth for home delivery
given the lapping of last year's very, very strong growth. So I think you're going to see some good home
delivery growth.

And from an economy perspective, this particular quarter, you saw the 30% year-over-year decline. I do
not think you will see that trend continue. John and I are working, and we've got some really great new
technology coming to market, a new feature called sort to do day, which is going to allow us to really
move economy through the FedEx Ground system at a different pace and continue to lower the cost. So I
think you'll see us find a better balance of the economy to home delivery. But directionally, commercial will
grow the fastest, followed by home delivery, followed by economy as we think about this fiscal year.

Operator

And next, we'll go to David Vernon from Bernstein.

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Brie, just following up on that sort of growth outlook. You put out some numbers out there around 10%
market growth, I think, in residential for the next couple of years. Is it your expectation that pricing and
the operation will be at a point where you can kind of participate at an above-market growth rate once we
get past this period of volatility? Or do you intend to kind of grow the Ground business maybe a little bit
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

lower than the overall market as some other competitors have the capacity at the lower end of the service
spectrum?

Brie A. Carere
Executive VP and Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

That's my favorite question yet. Yes, our intent -- we have the best value proposition in the market. We
have the best 7-day transit and coverage in the market. We feel really good about our value proposition.
As I mentioned earlier, we are actually right now controlling demand because we're trying to balance
service in the current labor environment. So that is absolutely our intent. The market is growing. We've
got a great value proposition. I can't think of a better time to lean in to growth here in the United States.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Todd Fowler from KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Todd Clark Fowler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Great. Mike, I understand kind of the thoughts around not being too specific about quarterly guidance.
But I do think from a street perspective, kind of the volatility from quarter-to-quarter can be an issue.
So I just want to make sure, are you saying that in the second quarter, you're expecting a similar $800
million magnitude of year-over-year headwinds? And then secondly, when we think sequentially, the
second quarter operating income is flat or down a little bit from the first quarter. Is that going to be a
similar cadence this year? Are there some other things that we should think about just as we move into
the second quarter from a seasonal standpoint?

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Todd. Yes. No, that's a fair characterization when I said the headwinds would be similar to the
$800 million. Look, the pandemic and many other factors impacting our market, including the supply
chain disruptions, I think you have to kind of take pause in terms of assuming typical seasonality across
the board. Yes, there's a degree of that, that you will see. But I would say you can't just rely upon that
because the dynamics are much more fluid than they were, and that's why we're trying to outline that as
best we can. We're navigating those changes along the way, but we're very confident in what we shared
with you.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Amit Mehrotra from Deutsche Bank.

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I just wanted to follow up on that last question, just so I understand. So you're obviously entering peak
season, higher B2C mix, margin pressure, density pressure. So you typically see a pretty notable step-
down in Ground margins fiscal 1Q to 2Q. Is that the same cadence? I mean because 1Q is obviously
pretty low to begin with, just trying to get an understanding of that. And just at a high level, do you think
Ground margins can be up year-over-year this year?

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

So Amit, I'm just going to stick with it. We're not giving a margin forecast. What we outlined was that we
expect operating profit to be up in all the transportation segments. So I'm not going to get into giving a
specific margin forecast by quarter. And again, the seasonality is -- we don't think it's value-adding to kind
of get into -- trying to parse that at a level of precision given the dynamics of the market right now.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

And next, we'll go to Helane Becker from Cowen.

Helane Renee Becker-Roukas
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

So we've been actually doing a lot of work, as you know, in the China area, and you guys have about
30,000 people employed there. I think it's getting increasingly more difficult to work there. So can you
just talk about how you're thinking longer term about being in that market versus moving more capacity
offshore to places where you have regional sorts like Japan or back to the Philippines?

Rajesh Subramaniam
President, COO & Director

Thank you, Helane, for that question. We actually have 12,000 employees in China. As you know, we have
been in business in China since 1984, and we have been serving our customers there in this extremely
important market. We value our business in China, and we are committed to continuing to improve our
value proposition there. Our growth market is very strong. And our operations in our hub in Guangzhou
is going smoothly. And we also just opened up new air operations from Beijing. So China remains a very
important market for us, and we are very committed to it.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Jack Atkins from Stephens.

Jack Lawrence Atkins
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Okay. Great. I guess just to go back to the CapEx and return discussion for a moment. Mike, thank you so
much for the additional sort of comments around returns and free cash flow. But I guess when we think
about sort of the longer-term targets for the business, you guys have always sort of talked about this
double-digit consolidated operating margin. We haven't really come close to it since fiscal year '16. You
raised the CapEx as a percentage of revenue targets in the proxy several weeks ago. Can you talk about
why it makes sense to raise your long-term capital spending plans when the business still isn't achieving
the long-term targets you've set for it from a margin perspective? Just help us square those 2 things. I
think that's an issue that a lot of people are having trouble justifying.

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

All right. Well, Jack, first, look, let me just say because you brought up about ROIC, and I'll expand a
little bit on the remarks I made earlier there. We're obviously referencing to our WACC when we compare
our ROIC, which we put in the 7% to 9% range, which I think is consistent with what we see in many
of your analysis. But when it comes to the ROIC itself, there's a number of different approaches and
methods that practitioners use, so there tends to be variability in the absolute as well as the comparative
measurements. But that said, we're revisiting the various aspects of that so that we can maybe expand
the context around our discussion on the topic. But I will say regardless of how you calculate it, our ROIC
does remain above our WACC.

So you asked about the LTI plan. Look, I'm not going to speak on behalf of the Board, but I will give
you some context around -- partly about what I mentioned, too, 3 months ago. So again, we had record
earnings in fiscal '21 amidst the unprecedented global pandemic and delivering the life-saving vaccines
around the world. And we've talked about the radical changes in supply chains, customer expectations
and all that. So we did indeed accelerate purposely some investment opportunities for capacity expansion
and, of course, the replacement of the aircraft I mentioned before. So as I did specifically say on the June
call, the FY '22 to '24 LTI plan was set at 8% to account for these opportunities. And that target is below
our historical capital intensity. Fiscal '21 was 7%, but that was the lowest in 10 years. So again, there's
absolutely the focus on returns, and I think that we will continue to address your considerations there.

And I would also highlight, because there was a question earlier about Ground and investment there,
we're making returns there. We talked a lot about how we're utilizing our assets differently, more

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

efficiently, investing in smaller units of capacity. We had the one single hub, but there's no other hubs on
the drawing board. Ground can generate a higher ROIC at different margin levels than it did, call it, 8, 9
years ago. So again, that absolutely factors into how we look at these things.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo.

Allison Ann Marie Poliniak-Cusic
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Brie, I think you had mentioned a low single-digit share internationally. It's certainly a unique
environment, limited capacity. Can you maybe talk to how you're focused on expanding share, of things
you're doing there but, more importantly, what you're doing to try to retain some of that share you're
capturing today once capacity eases at this point?

Brie A. Carere
Executive VP and Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

Yes. Great question. So a couple of things. Number one, when we think about our international business,
our largest growth opportunity is Europe. So when we think about what are we doing to gain share, well,
first and foremost, we're going to complete the physical integration, which is obviously critical. But when
I think about Europe, there's 3 lines of business. There's the intra-Europe. We bought TNT. It has a very
comprehensive and very unique value proposition because it's got the parcel and the freight network intra-
Europe to grow our cross-border business, and we're very pleased with the momentum there.

From an international perspective, late last fiscal year, we expanded our intercontinental value proposition
between Europe in the United States. We now have 90% of businesses in EU, 17 have access with
the fastest overnight service into the United States. So we have the leading intercontinental value
proposition from Europe to the U.S. It's a great bundle to sell to B2B or commercial customers, sell
to intra-Europe as well as the intercontinental. And then thirdly, when I think about Europe is we are
absolutely underpenetrated in e-commerce, both within Europe as well as from Europe to the United
States. And we, as I talked about, have launched the FICP product, which is really a very competitive
product. It's got quick transit times that has very different features of service for the last mile. So it allows
us to lower our cost to serve because the features on the last mile delivery look a lot more like the ground
domestic network. So that's our primary focus from a Europe perspective.

I will say we are also underpenetrated between Asia and Europe, and we've got great momentum in
that lane. Similar metrics, we have sped up our service into Europe from Asia. In addition to that, we
are launching the FICP product between those countries. Obviously, Asia into Europe is a very large e-
commerce market. And again, we're underpenetrated there, really pleased with the momentum of our
FICP product. So I hope that helps clarify. I also wanted to go back, I just looked at my notes, commercial
and home delivery here in the United States, as we think about the rest of the fiscal year, are going to
be neck and neck from a growth perspective. So as I talked about commercial growing faster than home
delivery, they're going to be pretty darn close as we look at the volume growth this year.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Bascome Majors from Susquehanna.

Bascome Majors
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

When I look at the LTL freight business, it seems to be performing much better relative to at least early
expectations compared to parcel, yet that's still a manual labor-intensive business that requires a lot
of drivers, line haul, freight handling and bodies to do that. Can you characterize why you think that
you haven't had these labor-driven struggles in that part of your business that seem to be plaguing the
parcel businesses, particularly domestically? And any best practices or lessons you can learn and apply
elsewhere?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

Bascome, this is Mike. So I'll let Raj address more broadly, but just to clarify, within that $450 million
number of labor impact, there is an impact there for freight in terms of the same considerations that we
talked about there. So I don't want to have the takeaway or imply that the freight team isn't dealing with
similar considerations there. But I'll also highlight, as I mentioned to Scott early on there, that different
networks and different transportation businesses can have different characteristics in that.

So Raj, do you want to talk about the great things at freight?

Rajesh Subramaniam
President, COO & Director

Well, we are extremely proud of the FedEx Freight team, and they're also leading with exactly the same
set of challenges. But we have -- the team has done a fantastic job of managing through our revenue
quality and operational efficiency despite these challenging circumstances. And it's obviously a very, very
key part of our portfolio. Having said that, with 20 million packages on the Ground network per day, the
Ground U.S. domestic parcel network is a very different set of challenges than dealing with a much smaller
set of shipments that go through the freight system. So look, your point about sharing best practices and
making sure that we do the right thing across our operating companies, that goes on every single day.
And we are -- they operate collaboratively. It's a big month at FedEx now, and we are definitely doing
that. So again, I'm very, very proud of what the freight team has done here.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore ISI.

Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

So just on the $200 million wage pressure and the $250 million inefficiencies that, that triggered, just to
dive a little deeper there. was this a turnover issue or an investment for growth issue? Are people leaving
at a faster rate? Or are you struggling to staff to grow? And if it's the latter, given the environment, why
grow?

Michael C. Lenz
Executive VP & CFO

So I think if I understand the question, it is a staffing availability issue on the $250 million piece of it. For
the $200 million, it's the rate, so just to reiterate that. And like I said, we fully expect and are beginning
to see some improvement in the availability. But should plans not proceed as we fully expect, then like I
said earlier, we would need to obviously reassess the pace of implementing the initiatives there. But the
opportunity remains nonetheless, we just need to be mindful of the overall environment.

Rajesh Subramaniam
President, COO & Director

Yes. And I would just add one line to that, if that were to happen, there's obviously much broader
implications that's way beyond FedEx.

Operator

And now I'd like to turn it back to Mickey Foster for closing remarks.

Mickey Foster
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. Feel free
to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you
very much. Bye.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

Operator
And that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

FEDEX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 21, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

