Fifth Third Bancorp NasdaqGS:FITB
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 22, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.59

0.85

Revenue  (mm)

1861.03

1895.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-22-2020 12:55 PM GMT

44.07

1.83

0.60

1.54

2.01

1987.10

7594.90

7494.93

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.73

0.46

0.21

0.59

0.68

0.68

0.30

0.85

SURPRISE

(6.85 %)

47.83 %

42.86 %

44.07 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman, President & CEO

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & Chief Risk Officer

Richard Stein
Executive VP & Chief Credit Officer

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Christopher William Marinac
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC,
Research Division

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Vivek Juneja
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Fifth Third Bancorp Third Quarter
2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speakers today. Chris Doll, you may begin.

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Marcella. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, we'll be discussing our results for
the third quarter of 2020. Please review the cautionary statements on our materials, which can be found
in our earnings release and presentation. These materials contain reconciliations to non-GAAP measures,
along with information pertaining to the use of non-GAAP measures as well as forward-looking statements
about Fifth Third's performance.

We undertake no obligation to and would not expect to update any such forward-looking statements after
the date of this call. I'm joined this morning by our President and CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO, Tayfun
Tuzun; Chief Risk Officer, Jamie Leonard; and Chief Credit Officer, Richard Stein. Following prepared
remarks by Greg and Tayfun, we will open the call up for questions. Let me turn the call over to Greg now
for his comments.

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Chris, and thank all of you for joining us this morning. I hope you are all doing well and staying
healthy. Once again, our financial results were strong despite the challenges associated with the current
environment.

As an essential business, we continue to take appropriate actions for our customers, our employees and
our communities during the pandemic. Earlier today, we reported third quarter net income available to
common shareholders of $562 million or $0.78 per share. Our reported EPS included a negative $0.07
impact from the items shown on Page 2 of our release.

Excluding these items, adjusted third quarter earnings were $0.85 per share. Tayfun will provide more
details on the quarterly financial results in his remarks. But I will share some highlights. Our reported
adjusted return metrics were solid, reflecting our strong operating results, including a provision for credit
loss performance.

Our credit losses were significantly better than expectations. At 35 basis points, our third quarter charge-
offs were the lowest level in over a year, with improvement in both consumer and commercial portfolios.
Consumer net charge-offs of 40 basis points is the lowest in the past 15-plus years, reflecting our
consistently strong approach to underwriting as well as the benefits of fiscal stimulus and payment
deferrals. Our already strong capital position further improved this quarter. Our CET1 ratio of 10.1% is well
above our stated target of around 9.5%, and our income levels, combined with the outcomes from our
quarterly stress test continue to suggest that we will maintain our current dividend.

Furthermore, we have grown tangible book value per share for 6 consecutive quarters. Our PPNR results
were better than our previous expectations, reflecting the strength and resilience of our diverse revenue
mix in retail, commercial and wealth and asset management.

Based on our fee-based businesses, many of our fee-based businesses are generating strong results that
are helping to cushion the impact of lower rates. For instance, wealth and asset management revenue
increased 10% sequentially as we generated positive AUM inflows again this quarter as we have done in 9
out of the last 10 quarters.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Capital markets revenue was up 8% from last year, and went down slightly relative to the record second
quarter. On a year-to-date basis, total commercial banking fee revenue was up 16% compared to last
year.

Topline mortgage revenue is up 45% from the year-ago quarter, with the low rate environment impacting
servicing revenue and the MSR valuation. Deposit fees increased 18%, and processing revenue increased
12% sequentially, both better than our previous guidance as we are seeing early signs of normalization in
business and consumer spending patterns.

While we continue to streamline our operations and position the bank for long-term success, we continue
to assess strategic investments in nonbank acquisitions in our fee-based businesses to accelerate revenue
growth.

For instance, we recently increased our strategic investment in Bellwether Enterprise, a national
multiproduct CRE firm which we originally announced in April. This investment provides clients with a
broader set of permanent financing solutions without Fifth Third being exposed to the balance sheet risk
associated with longer duration CRE assets. Commercial loan production was relatively stable this quarter
compared to the second quarter, offset by further declines in line utilization. Total average loans declined
4% sequentially. Within our previous guidance range, we expect near-term pressure in the loan portfolio
to continue.

Despite the tepid loan environment, net interest income exceeded our previous guidance as we
aggressively reduced our deposit costs in excess of our prior expectations. While the environment
remains uncertain, our commercial loan pipelines are beginning to improve in certain areas, particularly in
technology, telecom, health care and industrials, which should provide support as we head into next year.

Before I turn it over to Tayfun to further discuss the results and outlook, and I'll review our guiding
principles, strategic actions and key strategic priorities, which will enable us to continue to generate long-
term shareholder value.

We have consistently communicated our through-the-cycle principles of disciplined client selection,
conservative underwriting and overall balance sheet management approach focused on long-term
performance. Our unwavering adherence to these principles and our balance sheet strength gives us
confidence as we navigate this environment. We have executed numerous strategic actions over the past
5 years in anticipation of a downturn, which will continue to serve us well. We reduced our credit risk
exposures and built strong reserve coverage. We've built long-term protection to mitigate the impact of
lower interest rates. We took decisive actions to reduce our expense base, and we successfully invested in
and diversified our fee businesses.

From a commercial client standpoint, we continue to focus on generating relationships with clients who
have more diversified and resilient businesses.

We are confident in our client selection process and proactive approach to credit risk management.

We continue to believe we are well positioned relative to peers in commercial real estate, an area where
we have remained disciplined.

We have focused predominantly on top-tier developers with a track record of resiliency. Our portfolio is
well diversified by geography and property type and as we had discussed before, we continue to be at the
low end of peers as a percentage of total capital.

In addition to the CRE portfolio, our other lending portfolios continue to do well, to be well positioned,
combining our strong retail and regional commercial banking franchises in the Midwest and the Southeast
with our national lending businesses. These portfolios will be instrumental in delivering a differentiated
credit performance given the likelihood of an uneven economic recovery. We are mining our exposures
across our total commercial loan portfolio, utilizing early warning systems through a combination of
internal portfolio analysis and third-party data.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Our relationship teams receive timely alerts if we detect any sign of credit deterioration. This helps us
make prompt, prudent and accurate credit rating determinations proactively without waiting for customer
statements.

Looking ahead to 2021, we continue to expect full year net charge-offs to come in well below 1%.
We have also strengthened our balance sheet by building long term protection, the positioning of our
securities and hedged portfolios. With the high likelihood of lower rates for the next several years, our
prudent interest rate risk management should help observe our core margin.

Our very strong balance sheet liquidity has enabled us to decisively act and aggressively lower deposit
rates. Given the industry-wide revenue headwinds, including a strong likelihood of persistently low interest
rates, we recently announced an expense optimization plan. We are taking decisive and appropriate
actions to reduce our expense base, both temporarily, reflecting a weaker revenue environment and also
permanently, based on long-term structural saving opportunities.

Our 4 key strategic priorities remain intact, leveraging technology to accelerate our digital transformation,
driving organic growth and profitability, expanding market share in key geographies, and maintaining a
disciplined approach on expenses and client selection.

We will put the appropriate level of prioritization and focus on the areas that have the highest probability
of driving strong financial returns and generating long-term value for our shareholders in order for us to
emerge from the current environment a top-performing regional bank.

Our balance sheet strength, diversified revenues, we continue to focus on disciplined expense
management to serve us well as we navigate this challenging environment.

I want -- I would want -- I would like to once again thank our employees. I'm very proud of the way
you have responded in extraordinary ways to support our customers, our communities and each other
during these unprecedented times. Our commitment to generate sustainable value for our stakeholders
is evident in our inaugural environmental, social and governance report as we also became the first U.S.
commercial bank to join the SASB Alliance in the GRI community. Our report and other helpful disclosures
are available for your review on a dedicated ESG page on our Investor Relations website. With that, I'll
turn it over to Tayfun to discuss our third quarter results, our current outlook.

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Greg. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today.

Now let's move to the financial highlights on Slide 3 of the earnings presentation. Reported results for
this quarter were negatively impacted by 3 notable items: a $30 million after-tax charge related to our
previously announced restructuring plan; a $17 million after-tax negative mark related to the Visa total
return swaps; and $4 million after-tax from COVID related expenses. Strong operating results for the
quarter reflected solid business performance throughout the bank as well as the impact to provision, which
resulted from our best quarterly charge-off performance since mid-2019, stabilization in key forward-
looking macroeconomic indicators compared to the past couple of quarters as well as lower period-
end balances. Although we are seeing relative stability in the key macroeconomic variables used in our
reserve calculations, we continue to take a cautious approach given remaining uncertainties related to the
pandemic and the economy.

Our base case macroeconomic scenario assumes GDP remains below the end of 2019 levels until the
second quarter of 2022, with an unemployment rate worse than the current environment, remaining
elevated above 8% through 2021.

Our base case is generally more conservative than the Fed-based scenario published last month. Our
downside scenario assumes that GDP will remain below the end of 2019 levels until the second quarter of
2023, with unemployment further deteriorating from the third quarter exceeding 12% through the first
half of 2021 until improving to 11% by the end of 2021 and reaching 8.4% by the end of 2022.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

If we were to assign 100% probability to the downside scenario, we would likely require an additional $1.3
billion in reserves based on our current balance sheet exposures.

Reported and adjusted revenues grew 2% sequentially despite the generally weak environment as we
outperformed our previous fee and NII expectations. Total noninterest income, excluding the impact of
securities gains, was up 5% sequentially, 3 percentage points better than our previous guidance. With
respect to the outside securities gains this quarter, it is important to note that our unrealized gains in
the portfolio at the end of the quarter remain very high at $2.7 billion. Our very deliberate actions over
the past few years that focused on structuring the portfolio in anticipation for a lower rate environment
should continue to give us a strong advantage as a very effective hedging tool to help mitigate the rate
headwinds.

Having said that, we will continue to be prudent in managing the gains for the best outcome for our
shareholders, cognizant that these gains will continue to be subject to future volatility, especially to
fluctuations in the current prepayment environment.

This quarter, a small portion of our portfolio gains cushion the impact of the restructuring charges that we
incurred related to our expense reduction plan, which we believe was a prudent risk-based action in light
of the current environment.

Reported and adjusted noninterest expenses were flat year-over-year. On a sequential basis, adjusted
expenses increased slightly more than our previous guidance of up 2%. We are in the midst of executing
our expense reduction actions announced last month, which will generate annual efficiencies of $200
million starting in 2021 with an additional $100 million to $150 million of annual efficiencies to be
generated starting in 2022.

As a result of our strong revenue performance and continued expense discipline, PPNR increased
sequentially and outperformed our July guidance by approximately $15 million.

Given the strong PPNR performance, combined with the credit-related improvements, we generated strong
reported and adjusted return metrics. We achieved an adjusted ROA of 1.24% and an adjusted return on
tangible common equity of 18.2%, excluding AOCI, despite growing our regulatory capital 42 basis points
during the quarter.

Excluding the security gains, our adjusted ROTCE was nearly 17%. Even on a credit normalized basis, our
underlying ROTCE performance is indicative of the strength of the franchise and our ability to successfully
navigate a low rate environment.

Moving to Slide 4. Total average loans declined 4% sequentially within our previous guidance range.

C&I loan balance trends continue to reflect lower revolver utilization rates which declined by 15% from the
mid-April peak to 33% at quarter end and declined by 5% since the end of June.

The decrease in average C&I loans was partially offset by an increase in average auto loan balances. Due
to the uneven nature of revolver utilization rates and the impact of PPP loans, we are providing period-end
loan balance performance.

Revolving line of credit balances decreased in excess of $3 billion, which constituted approximately 3/4 of
the end-of-period balance quarter-over-quarter decline.

Line utilization trends so far in the first 2 weeks of the fourth quarter indicate continued low utilization
levels, which we expect will likely persist at least through the end of this year.

C&I client pipelines remain generally soft but have somewhat improved relative to last quarter. Average
and period-end CRE loans decreased 1% sequentially. As we discussed before, we believe that the
commercial real estate sector is particularly vulnerable to the current economic environment, and potential
changes in the post-pandemic economy, which continues to favor our low exposure and focus on high-
quality borrowers in this sector.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Average total consumer loans increased 1% sequentially. Continued growth in the auto portfolio was offset
by declines in home equity and credit cards. Auto production in the quarter was strong at $1.8 billion, with
average FICO scores around 780 and lower advanced rates, higher internal scores, better spreads and a
higher concentration of new versus used autos compared to recent quarters.

Most of the other consumer loan categories continue to reflect the generally subdued buyer demand. Our
securities portfolio of around $35 billion decreased 2% compared to the prior quarter, reflecting the impact
of the sales as well as continued pay downs. Unless the market environment changes, we are unlikely
to use any of the excess liquidity to grow our investment portfolio in the near term. The underlying risk
return profile of many of the investment options is not attractive in light of the impact of the aggressive
monetary actions that the Fed is executing. Average other short-term investments, which includes interest
bearing cash, increased $10 billion compared to the prior quarter and increased $27 billion compared to
the year-ago quarter. The significant increase in excess cash is the outcome of the ongoing decline in loan
balances, combined with record deposit growth over the past 6 months.

Moving on to Slide 5. Compared to the prior quarter, average core deposits increased 4% with growth in
all deposit captions, except other time deposits. Average demand deposits represented 33% of total core
deposits in the current quarter compared to 31% in the prior quarter. Average commercial transaction
deposits increased 6% and average consumer transaction deposits increased 3%.

The deposit growth came from improvement in every line of business and was very granular across
product types and customer size. Overall, the deposit performance reflects our strong long-standing client
relationships and our customers' desire to remain liquid.

In addition to growth in deposit dollars, we once again generated consumer household growth during the
quarter, reflecting strong production as well as limited attrition.

As shown on Slide 6, we have continued to take proactive steps, which are predominantly focused on
the right side of the balance sheet to mitigate the impact of lower rates, which should provide additional
support in the coming quarters.

Compared to the second quarter, we lowered our interest-bearing core deposit rate, 14 basis points more
than our expectations, while continuing to generate strong deposit growth.

As a result, our September interest-bearing core deposit rate is now just 11 basis points, with total core
deposit costs of just 7 basis points, both well below the floors from the previous rate cycle.

We expect fourth quarter interest-bearing core deposit costs to benefit from our actions and decline
another few basis points. Our loan to core deposit ratio improved to 72% and our short-term investments,
predominantly interest bearing cash, were approximately $31 billion at quarter end. Excluding PPP loans,
our loan to core deposit ratio was 69%. Currently, there are no strong indications that the liquidity profile
of our balance sheet is likely to change soon as loan growth continues to be elusive and investment
opportunities relatively unattractive, we will remain -- we will maintain our short-term cash balances at
these levels until further notice.

Turning to Slide 7. Reported and adjusted NII decreased 2% compared to the prior quarter. The decline
was primarily attributable to lower C&I balances and the impact of lower market rates. These impacts
were partially offset by the reduction in deposit costs, the full quarter impact of PPP loans, day counts and
the favorable impact of previously executed cash flow hedges.

As you can see on this slide, the hedges added an incremental $10 million to our third quarter NII for a
total contribution of $72 million during the quarter. Purchase accounting adjustments benefited our third
quarter net interest margin by 3 basis points this quarter.

Our adjusted NIM decreased 16 basis points sequentially, driven by the unfavorable impacts from elevated
cash balances, which created an approximate 15 basis point drag on NIM compared to the prior quarter,
lower market rates and lower C&I balances, partially offset by benefits from our actions to lower deposit
costs and the previously executed cash flow hedges.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

As we have been highlighting all along, our interest rate risk hedging strategy has 2 pillars: The structure
and composition of our investment portfolio and the size and duration of our derivative portfolio.
As I stated earlier, our swaps and floors contributed $72 million this quarter. Our portfolio premium
amortization was only $1 million, and our portfolio yield declined only 7 basis points. We can easily see
that our investment portfolio does not erode the protection provided by the derivative portfolio like it has
for many of our peers.

As importantly, we have protection in both portfolios longer than our peers. Excluding the impact of excess
cash, relative to historical averages and the lower-yielding PPP loans, normalized NIM was approximately
3.03% for the third quarter. We expect that we will continue to be able to generate a normalized NIM
of around 3% for the foreseeable future, helped by our interest rate hedges and investment portfolio
composition. The fourth quarter NII and NIM are both expected to remain stable. Our guidance has no
accelerated benefits from PPP loan forgiveness.

Moving on to Slide 8. We once again had a strong quarter generating fee revenues that offset the
pressure on interest income. The resilience in our total fees continues to highlight the level of revenue
diversification that we have achieved.

Adjusted noninterest income, excluding the benefit of securities gains increased 5% sequentially,
exceeding our previous guidance by approximately $20 million. The strong performance reflected another
solid quarter in capital markets, strong performance in wealth and asset managements and rebounds in
deposit service charges, card and processing revenue and in the leasing business.

In our commercial business, the strong capital markets revenue was down from the record set last
quarter, but was up approximately 8% from the year-ago quarter. Mortgage banking net revenue
decreased $23 million sequentially, primarily driven by an unfavorable MSR net valuation adjustment and
an increase in MSR decay resulting from higher prepayment speeds.

Current quarter mortgage originations of $4.5 billion increased 32% compared to the prior quarter. Asset
management fees increased 10% sequentially benefiting from stronger market conditions, improved
brokerage fees and the continuation of positive AUM flows.

The strong wealth and asset management performance over the past several quarters reflects our
prioritized investments in this business, both in talent upgrades as well as acquisitions to improve the ROE
profile of our company.

Card and processing revenue increased $10 million or 12%, reflecting increases in credit and debit
transaction volumes resulting from the continued normalization in consumer spending patterns.

Deposit service charges increased $22 million or 18%, with improving commercial deposit fees, reflecting
a partial normalization of treasury management service volumes and lower earning credits, as well
as elevated consumer deposit fees compared to the prior quarter, which included hardship related fee
waivers.

We expect processing revenues and deposit fees to be stable to slightly higher in the fourth quarter.

Moving on to Slide 9. Third quarter reported pretax expenses included restructuring charges of $28
million, intangible amortization expense of $12 million and COVID-related expenses of $5 million.
Adjusting for these items and prior period items shown in our materials, noninterest expense increased
3% sequentially and decreased $1 million compared to the year-ago quarter.

As we discussed first in September during the Barclays conference, in light of revenue headwinds, we are
taking action to reduce our annual 2021 run rate expenses by approximately $200 million.

We have started taking appropriate actions in September and expect to finalize all actions by the end of
this quarter. We will share with you the full set of details in January during our fourth quarter earnings
call when we will also give you an outlook for the direction of our expenses in 2021. With respect to
personnel decisions, we expect to generate the full run rate savings beginning in the first quarter of 2021.
In addition to the staffing optimization, we remain on track to deliver the remaining savings through

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

a combination of process reengineering, rationalization of certain smaller noncore businesses, vendor
renegotiations, and corporate real estate rationalization, which are all progressing as well as the savings
associated with the reduction in our branch network.

While we will continue to open branches in our existing high-growth southeast markets to generate
household and revenue growth, we expect to further optimize our network by closing an additional 37
branches in the first quarter of 2021, predominantly in the Midwest.

As we have discussed before, the recent acceleration in customer digital adoption trends raises the returns
in our technology investments made over the past several years. This gives us increased conviction
that we can continue to optimize our branch network while also expanding our presence in high-growth
markets. Also, our investments and focus on process reengineering and other areas of our operations will
allow us to permanently optimize our expenses in our middle office and back-office functions.

We believe that approximately 20% of the 2021 savings are environment dependent. When the market
rebounds and sustains the economic recovery, we will readjust these resources accordingly.

In addition to a near-term savings target, we also announced a longer-term expense strategy, which will
help us achieve an additional $100 million to $150 million in run rate savings starting in 2022 through
investments in lean process automation.

Slide 10 provides an update on our COVID high-impact portfolios. The amounts on this page represent
approximately 10% of our total loans and are down 8% from last quarter, excluding PPP loans. As you
can see, the paydowns during the quarter reduced our balances relative to the second quarter in all
subcategories, except for leisure travel, where we have a rather small overall exposure all through larger
operators. The total balances on this slide include approximately $1 billion from our leveraged loan
portfolio, which remains below $4 billion and has decreased 7% sequentially.

The information on this slide lays out the reasons why we believe that our client selection in these
portfolios has been very disciplined, with a focus on larger companies that have access to capital in
stressed environments and where we have the appropriate credit mitigants in place to limit the ultimate
loss content in these portfolios.

On slide 11, we provide an updated view of the consumer and mortgage portfolios. The FICO scores
clearly indicate the high credit quality of the portfolio with over 57% containing FICO scores of 750 or
higher on a balance-rated basis. Approximately 90% of the consumer portfolio is secured. And as you can
see by our FICO band distributions, our portfolio is heavily weighted in the high prime, super prime space.
As we have previously discussed, we have taken proactive steps to enhance our underwriting standards,
specifically on minimum FICO scores and maximum LTD levels in addition to increasing our efforts in
collections.

Turning to credit results on Slide 12. The net charge-off ratio of 45 basis points improved 9 basis points
sequentially. The sequential improvement reflects favorable outcomes in both portfolios, with the
commercial credit favorability coming from better resolutions as well as extensions and consumer credit
continuing to exhibit results that are more commensurate with a stronger employment environment.

Borrowers have been clearly helped by the stimulus and COVID-related relief programs. And those who
request an additional 180 days of mortgage payment assistance, as provided under the Cares Act, will
benefit into next year.

NPAs remain generally well-behaved at 84 basis points. The sequential increase was entirely in
commercial, with growth coming predominantly from our COVID high-impact portfolios and some credits
in the energy portfolio, which we believe will ultimately result in low loss content.

Our ACL ratio declined only by 1 basis points sequentially to 2.49%, reflecting the stability in both the
current macroeconomic environment as well as the drivers of the forward-looking scenarios. The low level
of net charge-offs, combined with the $116 million decline in the allowance reflecting the lower period-end
loans resulted in a net $15 million benefit to the provision.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Slide 13 provides more information on the allocation of our allowance and the composition of the changes
this quarter. In commercial, higher reserve coverage was warranted due to ratings migration during the
quarter. This was partially offset by lower end-of-period balances compared to last quarter. In consumer,
the change in reserve coverage reflects improvements in the expected loss content in the portfolio.
Including the impact of approximately $150 million in remaining discounts associated with the MB loan
portfolio, our ACL ratio was 2.62%. Additionally, excluding the $5 billion in PPP loans, with virtually no
associated credit reserve, the ACL ratio would be approximately 2.75%.

Our reserves reflect the current macroeconomic expectations embedded in the scenarios that we deploy
in this exercise. If the outlook does not further deteriorate, there should not be a need to increase our
reserve coverage beyond the current levels.

Turning to Slide 14. Our capital and liquidity positions remained strong during the quarter. Our CET1 ratio
ended the quarter at over 10.1%, above our target stated of around 9.5%. Given the dynamics during
the quarter, we are providing you a CET1 reconciliation between net income, risk-weighted assets and the
impact of dividends.

As you can see, dividend payouts constitute a very small of portion the change in CET1. We expect to have
adequate capital and trailing reported net income to maintain our current dividend for the foreseeable
future. We will be resubmitting our stress test in early November with the rest of the CCAR banks. We
have been very consistent in stating our view that given our very strong capital ratios, balance sheet
strength, earnings power and relatively modest pre-COVID dividend payout ratio, we expect to fare well.
We believe that our performance in this downturn ultimately will prove the resiliency of our model.

Our tangible book value per share was $23.06 this quarter, up 9% year-over-year. At the end of the
quarter, our unrealized pretax gain in our securities and hedge portfolios was approximately $3.8 billion,
which is not included in our regulatory capital ratios.

From a liquidity perspective, we have over $100 billion in total liquidity sources.

Slide 15 provides a summary of our fourth quarter outlook. We expect a decline in total loan -- average
loan balances of approximately 2% on a quarter-over-quarter basis with a 4% to 5% decline in
commercial loans and a 1% to 2% increase in consumer balances. The decline in commercial balances is a
result of expected paydowns in commercial credit lines.

Net interest income and NIM are expected to be stable to last quarter, assuming no benefits from
accelerated amortization of PPP fees. We expect noninterest income to increase 7% to 8% sequentially,
including the recognition of our TRA income of approximately $70 million. We expect our expenses to be
flat to slightly up. Total net charge-offs are expected to be in the 40 to 50 basis point range.

In summary, our third quarter results were strong and continue to demonstrate the progress we've made
over the past few years, improving our resiliency, diversifying our revenues and proactively managing the
balance sheet. We will continue to rely on the same principles: disciplined client selection, conservative
underwriting and a focus on the long-term performance horizon, which gives us confidence as we navigate
this environment. We fully intend to preserve the optimal level of efficiency of our operations in this
weak revenue environment, while we maintain the investments that we believe are vital to preserve the
earnings power and the operational resiliency of our company. With that, let me turn it over to Chris to
open the call up for Q&A.

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations

Thanks, Tayfun. [Operator Instructions]
We will do our best to answer as many questions as possible in the time we have allotted this morning.
Marcelo, please open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Your first question comes from Ken Zerbe from Morgan Stanley.

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

In terms of your expense initiatives, just given that most of that falls to the bottom line, is it actually
possible that we see expenses down on an absolute basis in 2021?

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman, President & CEO

Ken, this is Greg. First off, we'll provide 2021 guidance after our fourth quarter earnings. On that call, we'll
talk more about that. But as we talked about our spends optimization plan, $200 million that we expect to
be out by the end of the first quarter, 75% of [indiscernible] is necessarily accomplished. That objective
has already been completed. So we're highly confident in our ability to take out the $200 million by end of
the first quarter. And then we mentioned another $100 million to $150 million that will show up in 2022,
once again, focused mainly on automation, investments we made in our technology platforms. So we're
very confident that we'll provide guidance as far as our expense numbers as we get through the fourth
quarter.

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think -- and Ken, the other point that I want to make about the program is, we stated that the
composition is 80-20 between permanent savings and environment-related savings of 20%, but that
environment-related saving number is really how we see 2021. So the other lever that we have here
is, if things actually look worse or will be worse next year compared to our assumptions, we still will
continue to adjust those numbers. So we think -- that part of it is going to be variable and it does have
more potential, depending upon the economic environment. Obviously, our preference would be that the
economy would be stronger and we don't have to necessarily go back to that well, but we still have that
availability to us.

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And then just 1 follow-up. Tayfun, you mentioned that you don't expect to invest the excess cash. Just
help us understand why -- like why not invest in [indiscernible], something very short-term securities with
little risk that would generate a lot more than -- or at least a little more than cash returns?

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Ken, we don't believe that the trade-off between the small NII incrementality versus the mark-to-market
exposure is worth taking at this point. It really does not -- from your perspective, our ability to invest
the money in the short-term doesn't really add much to the long-term performance to the company. So
because we believe that, that cash is going to ultimately leave the company over time. So therefore, we
are more interested in shielding ourselves from a mark-to-market exposure because the market volatility
continues to be a concern for us, related to all investments.

Operator

Ken Usdin from Jefferies.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

A follow-up on the loan side. So obviously, you guys have, I think, been more forthright than others about
the declines in loans that you're expecting and the quality of the commercial book. Can you just give us
some thoughts just as you look across the footprint of where, if at all, you see activity starting to change
from a pacing perspective? And at what point would you see the loan book, especially the commercial
side, C&I starting to bottom out?

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman, President & CEO

This is Greg. First off, on the loan side on commercial, we look at our pipelines, we're seeing some growth
and positive, forward progress in the area of health care. Telecom and technology will be 2 other areas
that we're seeing some good growth. And then also the industrial should be the areas that we're most
encouraged by as we look ahead here. So we feel pretty good. As we mentioned, on the consumer side,
we expect growth along 2% next quarter, and that business continues to perform well.

So that's where I think we have the biggest opportunities.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay, got it. And then, in terms of the deposit side, you've got so good growth, and you mentioned some
opportunities to still reprice. What other offsets do you have on the right side of the balance sheet, if any,
to continue to roll down the, either the fixed-term -- short-term borrowings, long-term debt footprint in
addition to deposit pricing?

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

We don't really have a lot of long-term debt opportunities other than just running the maturities schedules
at this point. We've pretty much executed what was available to us. We're looking at some small items
maybe, that we securitized in the past, but those are small opportunities. So there's not a whole lot
remaining there.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

And then last quick one, Tayfun. You mentioned that you're not really interested in building the securities
portfolio. Other banks have started to put some of their liquidity to work in contrast. Can you just walk
through your philosophy on that? And how you expect to just manage overall balance sheet size, then if
you're not net reinvesting?

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Again, as I mentioned when Ken asked the question, we at this point, we don't believe that the trade-off
between incremental NII associated with marginal investments and continuing to expose ourselves to an
unattractive mark-to-market environment related to those investments is attractive. So at this point, we
will continue to watch.

Now those decisions are made on a week-to-week, month-to-month basis. We can find opportunities, we
will be in the market. But at this point, given what we know today, we are currently choosing to be on the
sidelines.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Understood. Sorry, I missed that one.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Operator

Mike Mayo from Wells Fargo.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I guess I have a wow on the positive side and a wow on the negative side. But so the wow on the positive
side would be only 35 basis points of loan losses and the lowest consumer charge-offs in 15 years, so
that's quite noteworthy. But the wow on the negative side is a negative provision seems like an outlier,
and you really want to set a tone at this stage of the cycle of taking a negative provision. I mean, you
might be right, but you might be wrong, but we don't really know how this is going to play out.

So I guess my questions are, you said if you had your downside scenario at 100%, that would be $1.3
billion of additional reserves. How much overlay do you have for that downside scenario now? That's
number one.

Number two, when you mentioned that there were commercial extensions, what does that mean? Is that
delaying some of the inevitable? And you did say that loan losses would go up from here. And then third,
just the whole tone, perspective, like it sets a tone that, hey, things are okay.

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

So yes, Mike, this is Tayfun. Let me take the first part of that, and then I'll turn it over to Jamie for his
comments.

Look, I mean, I think, as you know, at the end of the first quarter, at the end of the second quarter, we
came out much more aggressively in terms of building reserves relative to the peers. And when you look
at our coverage ratio, whether you make it 2.49%, whether you make it 2.62% or 2.75%, we are still
above the median levels of our peers. And internally, obviously, when you look at the risk profile of our
loan book, we feel very good about it.

And two, we really did not take the coverage ratio down. It's only down from 2.50% to 2.49%. And the
balances obviously are lower at the end of the quarter, which had an impact.

In terms of weighting the scenarios, we actually increased -- we lowered the weight of the base scenario
and increased the weight of the down scenario this quarter, so we are quite cognizant of potential
downturns in the economy. But look, I mean, the underlying profile, credit profile of our -- the balance
sheet and the outstanding balances resulted in a release, and we have to abide by certain accounting
principles and do the right thing.

So that's from my side. Jamie, any comments from your side?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & Chief Risk Officer

Yes. And Mike, thanks for the question.

When we looked at the net provision, it really is an output. And when you break it down into the 2 inputs
with the CECL reserve. The release was $116 million in the quarter. And as we said, it's driven primarily by
the payoffs and paydowns in the commercial loan book.

And as Tayfun mentioned, the economic outlook did improve during the quarter, both from unemployment
and GDP perspective, which does lower our loss expectations in the portfolio. But given the uncertainty
in the environment, especially related to additional government support, we increased the weightings on
the upside and downside in the scenarios from 10% last quarter to 20% this quarter. And those scenarios
really have an asymmetrical profile, so it ultimately increases the required CECL reserve and essentially
offsets the benefit from the improvement in the economic outlook.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

And to your other question then, if we were to run a scenario where it's -- there are no upside or downside
scenarios and we just said 100% is base, then the reserve requirement would be $250 million less than
what it is today.

So to your point, the downside scenario does result in a higher CECL reserve and roughly $250 million or
so range.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

And the other part of the question, I mean, it's your job to work with the borrowers, try to bridge the gap
between the pre and post-COVID economies, but when you have commercial extensions, I think that's
where a lot of people are focused. To the extent that you extend -- you drop covenants, you lose some
covenants -- I don't really -- there's a whole listing of things that you can do to make the life of borrowers
easier. In some cases -- probably in most cases, that will make sense, but in some cases, that might not
make sense. So what are you doing when you mentioned commercial extensions earlier?

Richard Stein
Executive VP & Chief Credit Officer

Mike, it's Richard. I'll take that one. It really is as you described working with the borrowers, trying to
understand their cash flow needs, their cash flow availability, the collateral that's available that maybe
we don't have as part of the security package. So it's really just reworking the transactions, making sure
that we're being thoughtful about things like maturity dates and extending maturity dates so that -- or re-
amortizing transactions that fit with the cash flow. So it's really part of the workout process to make sure
that we can be as accommodative as we can within the risk appetite, support our customers and minimize
losses over the long term.

Operator

Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank.

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Sorry if I missed it, but did you guys say how much of the $200 million of savings is in the third quarter
run rate?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & Chief Risk Officer

In the fourth quarter run rate, you mean or third quarter?

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I guess either one, yes.

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & Chief Risk Officer

There's nothing in the third quarter that -- and the large majority of the savings will come in the first
quarter of 2021.

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. So none now and most of the $200 million will be in 1Q on average and then in the second quarter
[indiscernible].

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & Chief Risk Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

That's correct. That's correct.

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

And then looking ahead to the kind of -- so most of that has already been identified, I think you said in
your earlier comments. And then looking ahead to the $100 million and $150 million, remind us what
some of those drivers might be and -- you've identified.

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman, President & CEO

The opportunity, this is Greg, really focuses on our investments in technology, artificial intelligence. If
you look at our operations, we've done a really good job of being very efficient, but we still have more
opportunities over there to reduce our people-related costs and really automate a lot of functions and
processes and create more resiliency and higher-quality outcomes. So we are very focused on process
reengineering, automation.

We've identified those process opportunities. We've got teams working aggressively on them, and we fully
expect that we'll achieve those objectives going forward. But that will show up more in 2022 than will
2021, given the time it takes to put some of these processes really exercises employees.

Operator

Scott Siefers from Piper Sandler.

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

You guys are one of the few guys that have offered a charge-off assumption for next year, and you said it
a few times, well below 1%. So I guess, in that -- curious how you guys are thinking about how this cycle
will end up trajecting? In other words, will we be taking care of most of the losses from this cycle next
year? Or will they bleed into 2022 at a higher rate as well?

And I guess a part of the question is because you guys have either such a strong reserve that if losses
indeed stayed well below 1%, so I guess I'm curious, under CECL, at what point it becomes more
challenging even to substantiate today's reserve. In other words, you don't just look adequately reserved,
but potentially very over-reserved. So I guess I'm just curious about how you guys think about those
dynamics.

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman, President & CEO

There's a lot of moving pieces. As you think about what's occurring right now with the amount of stimulus
that was thrown at the pandemic, do we get the Cares Act, the next iteration of that. How is that going
to be distributed? With respect to PPP potential, consumer stimulus opportunities. So there's a lot of
variables involved here.

But what we have visibility of right now, as you think about the consumer side, we can see forward,
looking at our roll rates, and we think we're in pretty good shape. Things are in pretty good shape as
we get into the -- until we get into the second half of next year, it's just going to depend on some of the
variables I just mentioned and some of the actions that are being taken. So more to come there, but
that's probably more of a second half of 2021, when we start to see those losses creep up, if we don't get
second -- next iteration of the Cares Act.

On the commercial side, once again, a lot of challenge with respect to how we think about the sector
because it really gets back to when do we see a vaccine out there. How effective is it? How is it being
distributed? Certain parts of the economy are reopening quicker than other parts of the economy. South
East is opening quicker right now, we're seeing positive outcomes there from a production standpoint.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

So there's just a lot going on right now. What you can assure yourself is, we're going to be very cautious,
we're going to -- we came out with aggressive reserve levels. We're going to be very thoughtful and
mindful about how the macro environment looks going forward and what the expectations are, and what's
happening with some of these government stimulus.

Jamie, if you want to give a little more color on it.

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & Chief Risk Officer

Yes. Thanks for the question.

As we look out at 2021, and we say well below 1%, that for us, our models would indicate a loss rate in
the 70 to 80 basis point range. And that's as we sit here today, with obviously a lot of uncertainty between
the path of the virus and the path of stimulus. And when we look at and analyze a lot of data, especially in
the the consumer portfolio, as Greg said, it's a little bit easier to predict and model, but we get through all
the data, and really, the simple answer when you boil it all down is that if you were delinquent going into
the pandemic, you're going to be delinquent coming out. And if you're healthy going in, you're going to be
healthy coming out. And that's what what we're seeing.

And internally, we call it a wind chill effect. So if it's 50 degrees outside, and it could be, you get a pretty
big tailwind, and it feels like it's 30 degrees outside. Really, from an unemployment perspective, the wind
chill was -- reported numbers are 14%, and now we're sitting around 8%. But the wind chill, because of
all of the stimulus programs and hardship relief, it's actually behaving at a 3% level, and that's why you
see such good loss rates from us. And our forecast assumption for next year has some stimulus round 2
baked into it, but if we get more than what we've assumed, then those numbers could continue to improve
from there.

Operator

Gerard Cassidy from RBC.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Tayfun, Can you share with us -- I know you touched on the capital position in your prepared remarks
and your CET1 ratio now is over 10%. Can you remind us what your ideal ratio would be in terms of
the amount of capital you want to carry to run the company? And then second, obviously, the Fed has
suspended buybacks for all the large banks, including your own, what's your view that once the gate is
lifted, assuming it will be, how quickly would you go back into repurchasing your stock?

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Gerard, we are at 10.1 -- 10.4% of CET1 today. I suspect that as we look ahead, by the end of the year,
we will be approaching 10.5% likely. And we entered this year, coming out of 2019, with a capital ratio
target of 9.5%, and that was actually elevated relative to our 9% target just about a year ago before
that. And we think that even then, back in 2017 and '18, we were making comments that we can run
this company with an 8 handle capital ratio, but we are very cognizant of where the peers are and the
regulators are, so we said, okay, 9% probably. And then as we saw the probability of a recession going up,
we lifted that to 9.5%.

So from 10.5% to 9.5%, assuming that we look ahead to a normalized economy, that's 1% of capital
that we either consume by growing loans or we return to shareholders. Tough to predict the timing of the
regulatory change in that current position, but I suspect that when we see the results of this CCAR run
and when we find out what the regulators are going to do, if the gate opens, I don't know why it would
take us a long time to go back to a buyback scenario in this environment.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Very good. And to follow up, your comments about extending out on the securities portfolio or the cash
portfolio, your preference is not to do that, and that is very understandable. Would that suggest to us that
you were all thinking that interest rates are likely to rise then and we'll see a positive yield curve?

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

So our perspective on the interest rate outlook is that we will be in this environment for 2, 3 years. I think
it's hard to disagree where the market is pricing the next rate moves. Our concern about -- I mentioned
our concern around not exposing ourselves to mark-to-market, we are also very concerned that in the
current environment, the spreads do not reflect the actual risk return profiles. But they are very skewed
by the Fed's aggressive actions, and they turned the credit spreads upside down. And in this environment,
with that kind of uncertainty, despite the fact that we are expecting this low rate environment to continue
for a while, we're choosing to be on the sidelines.

We also expect that down the road here, whether it's going to happen in 2021 or 2022, once the Fed
starts either stepping back a little bit, slowing down their aggressiveness and once the market builds a
certain level of expectation, whether it's about inflation or about the other end of this rate cycle, the yield
curve will start to steepen.

We're not necessarily expecting that to happen in the near term. So a combination of the fact that a
portion of these cash flow -- cash will leave the bank, and also, we believe that waiting out until a better
investment environment is the better alternative for us. That's why we're sitting out.

Operator

Saul Martinez from UBS.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

What weighted average remaining maturity are you using in calculating your CECL calculation?

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

So.

I'm sorry, can you repeat that question again?

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Yes. What is the weighted average remaining maturity of your loan book that you're using as the basis for
your CECL calculation?

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

I don't necessarily have a number ready to give you right now, but I suspect that number is between 3
and 5 years.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So -- and yes, and I would think a portion of your C&I book is much shorter because it is -- it's based on
contract maturity. You do have a fair amount of revolver -- annual revolvers. If it is in that -- I mean, it's
one way to think about it then, sort of what's implicit in the loss content. If we do -- you say 4 years, it
would imply that the 2.5% reserve ratio implies an average annual loss ratio or charge-off rate of about 60
basis points.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

I mean is that -- and you'll be higher than that during the peak and maybe lower than that when the
credit cycle kind of revolves -- really goes back to normal. Is that a fair way to think about it? Because 3
and 5 years would imply -- depending on what number you use, it does have a pretty material difference
in terms of what the underlying assumption is for annual loss content. So I guess -- I mean, is that a good
way to think about sort of what's implicit in your estimates?

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Saul, I think directionally, your comment is logical. If you look at Page 13 and look at the different sub-
portfolios within the commercial book, you see that the commercial mortgage loans, the coverage ratio for
that one is 3.4%, whereas for the C&I book, it's 2%. It appears -- again, your question and the logic that
you're using is reasonable. It gets a little bit skewed in this environment because the -- we are -- within --
for the commercial book, the bigger impact comes from the reasonable supportable period, which is driven
solely by the economic outlook. So the reason why I'm hesitating to say you are correct is because that
relationship does not necessarily readily translate to a reasonable annual loss content. So I just want to
make that comment on that.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I got it. That was well understood. But I guess my point is the weighted average remaining maturity is
arguably the most important input into this calculation, and this isn't a comment on -- just a general
comment. And we received virtually no information on that from any bank. So it is a little bit of a
disconnect now. I think...

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, we can actually...

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

It is important...

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

We can provide you that information, and we can do that on a stock portfolio basis, which will give you a
little bit broader context.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Yes. One additional question I want to ask on expenses. I mean, $200 million is almost 5% of your current
expense base. And I think in the past, you guys have talked about the vast majority of that flowing to the
bottom line. And then you have the additional expense saves.

Is it fair to say we should, when all's said and done, expect your run rate expenses to be lower than what
they are now? And can you just give us a sense as to the timing? I know you're not going to give -- you're
going to wait to give '21 guidance, but next quarter, you see it up a little bit, flat to up, and then first
quarter has some seasonality. So we're likely pushing closer to $1.2 billion in expenses than $1.1 billion by
the first quarter, potentially. Maybe I'm wrong.

But is my logic right that we should expect expenses to be lower on a dollar basis at some point in '21
versus where they're at now? And any color on timing and magnitude of that.

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

So we will maintain our discipline and not give you color on' 21 today. But so -- what goes against that
$200 million expense save is going to be some natural built-in inflation, whether it's related to merit
increases or other compensation-related inflation, and two is going to be investments in our company. We
will continue to make investments in our company, and the technology line item, for all the right reasons,
is going up.

What we feel good about it, though, is that we made -- we have now established a disciplined company
to look at those investments that are technology-related with a very disciplined return requirements. So
whatever the built-in expense growth is, it's not going to be driven by headcount increases. It's going
to be driven by very reasonable investments in our business that have a return profile that we all feel
comfortable with and that we believe is prioritized based on our corporate objectives.

Operator

Erika Najarian from Bank of America.

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just one follow-up question. I know we're almost over time. As I think about that adjusted NIM of 2.55%,
assuming no impact from PPP and also assuming a static balance sheet, how close are we to the trough?

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

I believe we are close, Erika. As we look ahead, we believe that we have now a level of stability that we're
comfortable with. Could it be now within 2, 3, 4 basis points? Yes, it could be. And obviously, the margin
itself -- the margin itself today is probably less meaningful of a metric than as it has ever been because
it's the influence of the cash balances that we're sitting on. But I do believe that with an assumption that
we will live in this highly liquid environment for a while, we are now pretty close to achieving stability
here, even if we sort of maintain the level of cash. And the faster we get out of the cash position, the
faster we're going to start moving towards that 3% number that we believe our natural NIM stands at.

But what gives us confidence there, when you think about it, we have $35 billion in the investment
portfolio. Our sort of normal level of earning assets is about $150 billion. So -- and we have -- I believe
it's going to take us 2, 3 years to get down to where our peers are in their investment portfolio yield in
this low rate environment. We have a huge advantage there. And then we have a significantly longer
derivative portfolio compared to most of our peers. Those 2 give us a pretty reasonable confidence
that once we get out of this liquidity environment, we will actually show you a pretty decent margin
performance here.

Operator

Bill Carcache from Wolfe Research.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

If we set hedging benefits aside, could you discuss the impact of rates at the long end of the curve
remaining low? How much are you receiving each quarter on loan and securities portfolio paydowns from
your bad book? And what's the yield differential between what's coming off and what you're putting on
across products? And then that should also give us a sense for how much you would benefit from curve
steepening?

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So on the investment portfolio, you have seen our yield went down by 7 basis points, and we're not
investing anything. And the cash flows are reasonably small, so that's -- the step down in portfolio yields
should be relatively small compared to the period. So that's what I will say about that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

In terms of the other fixed portfolios, in the auto portfolio, which is really the portfolio that is growing right
now, we are probably -- the current coupons are probably about 20 basis points or so below the portfolio
yield. So when you think about that, that really is the portfolio -- loan portfolio, that's the only one that's
exposed to a fixed rate reprice.

Operator

John Pancari from Evercore.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just a couple on the credit front. Your -- do you have what your criticized or classified assets did in the
third quarter?

Richard Stein
Executive VP & Chief Credit Officer

Yes. It's Richard. We had a slight uptick in the third quarter. We'll give you the details in the Q. It was
really around the things that you would imagine, hospitality and leisure, as the cycle continues to extend.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. All right. And then the other thing on the credit front, but it's on the -- it's not on the loan side.
You -- I know commercial mortgage-backed securities make up a larger percentage of your securities
portfolio than peers. And I know you indicated that -- Tayfun, you indicated that commercial real estate is
particularly vulnerable. Do you have any concerns around how that credit dynamic within commercial real
estate could impact your bond investments?

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

We don't. I think we have -- the commercial real estate, the non-agent commercial -- I'm sorry, non-
agency commercial real estate book that we have is a smaller portion. It's about $3 billion or so in the
portfolio, and it's all super senior tranches. So the built-in credit content of that portfolio does not give us
any concern.

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & Chief Risk Officer

And John, it's Jamie. I guess, since I bought a lot of those bonds, I can tell you that I keep an eye on
them. And the delinquency rates are like high single digits in the book and the credit enhancement is
approaching 40%. So we are a long way away from having any credit issues in that portfolio.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. All right, Jamie. That's helpful. If I can ask just one more question. On -- I know you mentioned
that you're prioritizing investments in your asset and wealth management, including acquisitions, and we
actually have seen some asset manager deals, larger ones in the industry recently. Is that something you
will consider as a potential acquisition of an asset manager for your business there?

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, this is Greg. First off, we -- as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've invested heavily in our
fee businesses and diversification of our fee businesses. That's going extremely well. Wealth and asset
management is one of those areas that we're very focused on with respect to additional opportunities,
both from an acquisition of an entity of the nature you're speaking of or talent in that business. And as

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

you've seen, that business has grown really well for us over the years, up 10% sequentially. So we'll
continue to look for those opportunities, and yes, that would be included in that potential opportunity.

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Eaton Vance was slightly larger than our size so -- appetite, so we just let...

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, we let that one, right.

Operator

Christopher Marinac from Janney Montgomery.

Christopher William Marinac
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division

So I just had a similar question that John Pancari asked about classified and criticized. So when you have
the commercial extensions, do those get picked up with special mention or does something else have to
happen before those would migrate?

Richard Stein
Executive VP & Chief Credit Officer

It's Richard again. It's -- the 2 are separate. When we think about workouts, the rating is the rating and
then the workout strategy is the workout strategy. Now I think when we think about things that impact
or reduce charge-offs, clearly, that's going to be in the criticized category, whether it's special mention or
substandard. But we don't have the details around the breakup between those 2.

Remember, if you think about special mention, that is a potential weakness, and there's a ton of
judgment of what a potential weakness looks like. It just effectively means higher probability of default.
Substandard, again, another step down in terms of default probability. But again, that's a place where
mitigants like collateral start to come into play.

Christopher William Marinac
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division

Great. So some of the extensions could be there now, but others could transition later, it's just...

Richard Stein
Executive VP & Chief Credit Officer

Absolutely. And as I said before, when we start thinking about extensions, we're also looking at structural
-- other mitigants like structural enhancements, guarantees, collateral. There's other ways we can work
with the borrowers to help them and protect the bank.

Christopher William Marinac
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division

Got You. Sounds good, Richard. Thank you very much for the insight. Thank you for all the information
this morning.

Operator

Your last question comes from the line of Vivek Juneja from JPMorgan.

Vivek Juneja
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Just a couple of questions. Jamie, I think you mentioned, if you're healthy going in, you'll be healthy going
out. Were you referring to consumers, corporates? And how are you thinking about what the pandemic
does change in the economy and the way things work?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & Chief Risk Officer

Yes. I was referring to the consumer portfolio, where we have a litany of information, and then we're just
trying to make it as simple as possible. No matter how you slice and dice the data, the bottom line is --
and there was such a big focus on hardship relief and hardship programs and redefault rates, re-deferral
rates, all of those things, but no matter how you slice it, it really just comes down to something as simple
as you're healthy coming in, you're going to be healthy coming out from a consumer perspective. And
that's why that consumer performance really does reflect, frankly, credit losses and credit projections as if
unemployment, we're in the 3% range. So we feel very, very good about that.

I think to your point about how this ultimately plays out in the economy, it really is the competing forces
of the path of the virus versus the path of further stimulus. So if we get an additional round of stimulus,
we think the loss curves continue to flatten, perhaps elongate. But again, the peak charge-offs aren't
going to be all that high relative to the great financial crisis, especially for a bank like Fifth Third, where
we've put a lot of thought and effort over the last 5 years to position the company as well as we have. So
that we think our loss rates are 1/4 of what they were in the great financial crisis. So we feel good about
that.

Vivek Juneja
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So that means even with -- if you think, post pandemic, even if unemployment runs at a higher run rate,
you think you'll be fine, is what you're assuming?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & Chief Risk Officer

We do, but again, the stimulus and what that looks like will certainly be a big swing factor in those loss
projections. So for example, on the consumer side, we also ran different modeling efforts where we took
out stimulus altogether. And so we model that as a 20 basis point change in our outcomes if there were to
be no stimulus, so just to put guardrails on what these outcomes might look like.

Vivek Juneja
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

One more, if I may, completely different topic. What are you seeing in terms of deposits on a period-end
basis were flattish but more -- if you think about consumer and corporate deposits, Tayfun, Jamie, what
are you seeing in terms of the trends there? Slowing, static, still growing? Any color on that?

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Vivek, we are seeing stable consumer deposits. They're not going down, but we're not seeing any
noticeable increases in consumer deposits. Our balances are at very healthy levels there, but we're not
seeing further increases. The commercial balances have continued to tick up, and I suspect that will
continue in the fourth quarter. It's an election quarter, and there's a lot of hesitancy on the corporate side
to do anything different at this point.

I do believe that come early 2021, hopefully, we will see some more emerging signs. Hard to predict yet,
which side it will go, but that will be dependent on the economy. So for the foreseeable future, we see
maybe small upticks in corporate balances and stable consumer balances.

Operator

There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back to Chris Doll for closing remarks.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations

All right. Thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact
the IR department.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

