Fifth Third Bancorp NasdaqGS:FITB
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, January 22, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.73

0.68

(6.85 %)

0.69

2.82

2.80

(0.71 %)

2.81

1936.28

2267.00

17.08

1945.03

7807.85

8350.00

6.94

7705.00

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-22-2020 1:36 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.59

0.66

0.73

0.73

0.63

0.71

0.75

0.68

6.78 %

7.58 %

2.74 %

(6.85 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations

Frank R. Forrest
Executive VP & Chief Risk Officer

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman, President & CEO

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & Treasurer

Lars C. Anderson
Executive VP & COO

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Christopher William Marinac
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC,
Research Division

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Matthew D. O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Fifth Third Bank's Fourth Quarter
2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]

I will now hand today's conference over to Mr. Doll. Please go ahead.

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Dkitria. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. Today, we'll be discussing our
financial results for the fourth quarter of 2019. Please review the cautionary statements on our materials,
which can be found in our earnings release and presentation. These materials contain reconciliations to
non-GAAP measures, along with information pertaining to the use of non-GAAP measures, as well as
forward-looking statements about Fifth Third's performance. We undertake no obligation to and would not
expect to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call.

This morning, I'm joined by our President and CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO, Tayfun Tuzun; Chief Operating
Officer, Lars Anderson; Chief Risk Officer, Frank Forrest; Treasurer, Jamie Leonard. Following prepared
remarks by Greg and Tayfun, we will open the call for questions.

Let me turn over the call now to Greg for his comments.

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Chris, and thank all of you for joining us this morning.

Earlier today, we reported record full year 2019 net income of $2.5 billion or $3.33 per share. Full year
adjusted net income of $2.1 billion was also a record for the bank.

As I reflect on the past year, I am very pleased with the significant progress we made, positioned Fifth
Third for long-term success. In addition to the record net income, we generated our best full year core
return on Tier 1 common equity, excluding AOCI, in over a decade, up 120 basis points from last year. We
produced our lowest efficiency ratio in over a decade, which decreased 160 basis points from last year.
We've generated peer-leading household and deposit growth, while managing deposit costs during the
year.

Also during the year, we've successfully integrated MB Financial. We had a significant scale in the Chicago
market and expect to generate even stronger deposit, household and revenue growth going forward.
We've successfully navigated the evolving interest rate environment as our full year 2019 core net interest
margin expanded 5 basis points after expanding 18 basis points the year before, which is at the higher
end of our peer group.

We've generated record fee income, including corporate banking, as our capital markets business
generated double-digit revenue growth for the second consecutive year. We also generated record revenue
in wealth and asset management, while generating positive inflows every quarter during the year.

Net charge-offs and other key credit metrics remain at or near historically low levels throughout the year.
We've generated nearly $0.5 billion of excess capital through Worldpay transactions in 2019, which is yet
to be deployed. And we returned over 110% of adjusted earnings to shareholders in 2019 through a 27%
increase on our dividend and through share repurchases.

In summary, we are extremely pleased with the progress we have made and expect to build on our strong
performance in 2020 and beyond.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

For the fourth quarter, net income available to common shareholders was $701 million or $0.96 per
share. Reported results included a positive $0.28 primarily from the successful Worldpay tax receivable
agreement transaction completed during the quarter.

Since the spin-off of our processing business 10 years ago, we have generated over $7 billion in pretax
value for our shareholders with another $195 million remaining in TRA income, which will be fully realized
over the next 5 years. Tayfun will discuss the fourth quarter TRA transaction in more detail.

Our fourth quarter financial results were very strong, reflecting our prior North Star investments to further
diversify our revenue streams, improve balance sheet management, continue expense discipline and our
success achieving the targeted financial outcomes from the MB Financial acquisition.

We've generated very strong fee revenue, including a new record in capital markets. Our net interest
income results once again reflect our ability to successfully manage the balance sheet, despite the lower
rate environment, which led to strong NIM performance in the quarter.

We continue to manage our expenses diligently. This reflects our continued focus on generating efficiencies
throughout the bank, while still investing in high-priority areas to support revenue growth. We remain on
track to achieve the $255 million in annual savings from the MB acquisition by the end of the first quarter
of 2020 and are excited about the revenue synergies that are emerging.

Loan growth during the quarter was consistent with our previous guidance, reflecting the generally
subdued macroeconomic environment. Total commercial loans were stable, and consumer loans were up
1% sequentially.

Following our trend, we've successfully generated strong core deposit growth, while proactively reducing
deposit cost more than our previous guidance. Our average loan to core deposit ratio of 90% is the lowest
in over 15 years.

Credit results during the quarter were partially impacted by our conversion to a national charter. Excluding
this impact, net charge-offs were up just 1 basis point sequentially, with consumer flat and commercial
up 2 basis points. Provision was primarily impacted by growth in specific reserves related to a couple of
commercial loans.

Before I turn it over to Tayfun to discuss our results and outlook, I'd like to once again emphasize our
strategic priorities to outperform through this cycle and generate long-term shareholder value. As I
mentioned, we have been very successful in executing our priorities throughout 2019 and have delivered
on our targeted outcomes as expected. We will continue to focus on these priorities going forward,
including leveraging technology to accelerate our digital transformation; investing in talent, capabilities
and process improvements to generate relationship growth and improve profitability; continue to expand
our presence in select geographies, focusing on high-growth markets. We are investing in the Southeast
footprint with better deposit growth trends, our expected population growth and greater market vitality.
And lastly, we are focused on maintaining our disciplined approach throughout the company.

To that end, our capital allocation priorities are: organic balance sheet growth; fee-generating nonbank
acquisitions; paying a strong dividend; and share repurchases. Bank acquisitions are not a priority. Our
medium-term CET1 capital target remains at approximately 9.5%. We plan to increase our dividend
another $0.03 this quarter, subject to Board approval. We expect to execute our remaining buybacks from
CCAR 2019.

Our clearly defined strategic growth priorities, our proactive balance sheet management and our ongoing
discipline throughout the bank position us well for the future. We continue to focus on striking the
appropriate balance in order to generate positive operating leverage this year while continuing to invest
for long-term performance.

I'm pleased to report that we were again able to deliver strong financial results. Our strong performance
this quarter was a direct result of our employees' hard work and dedication in keeping the customer at the
center of everything we do.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

With that, I'll turn it over to Tayfun to discuss our fourth quarter results and our current outlook.

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Greg. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today.

Let's move to the financial highlights on Slide 4 of the earnings presentation. We are pleased with our
overall financial performance and strong finish to a strong year. Similar to the trends all year, during the
fourth quarter, our net interest income, net interest margin, noninterest income and noninterest expenses
all performed in line or better than our October guidance.

Reported results for this quarter were positively impacted by $0.28 per share from several notable items.
The most significant was a $265 million after-tax gain from the Worldpay TRA transaction, which added
approximately 20 basis points to our CET1 ratio. Similar to all of the strategic decisions related to our
legacy processing business over the past 10 years, the TRA transaction creates significant value for our
shareholders by monetizing gross cash flows that were previously expected to occur primarily from 2025
until 2035. Consequently, we are also no longer exposed to FIS' taxable income capacity in the future
related to those cash flows, and we still have multiple years of annual benefits impacting our fee income in
the future. We provide more information on the transaction in our presentation appendix.

In addition to the TRA transaction, reported results were also affected by a $34 million after-tax
negative mark related to the Visa total return swap, a $15 million after-tax contribution to the Fifth Third
Foundation and a $7 million after-tax impact from MB merger-related charges.

Additionally, our quarterly results were negatively impacted by a $7 million after-tax impact to provision
for credit losses, resulting from our conversion to a national charter. Our earnings materials provide more
information on the various credit metrics that are affected by this conversion.

Adjusting for those items, and the purchase accounting impact shown in our earnings materials, fourth
quarter preprovision net revenue increased 14% from the prior year. Our core return on tangible common
equity, excluding AOCI, also increased 30 basis points from the prior year to 14.8%, while our tangible
book value per share increased 10% from last year.

Our goal is to carry the revenue momentum forward while maintaining tight expense control. We will
continue to manage balance sheet risk by remaining cognizant of the environmental factors and maintain
a prudent approach to capital management, with the ultimate goal of rewarding our shareholders today
and in the future.

Moving to Slide 5. Total average loans were flat sequentially as consumer grew 1% and commercial was
stable from the prior quarter. Our focus continues to be on generating higher-quality loan growth to
maximize our returns through the full cycle.

In our commercial business, similar to last quarter, strong production levels in both regional middle-
market and corporate banking were offset by elevated payoffs. We have experienced higher-than-usual
payoffs this quarter in our leverage lending and structured finance portfolios as well as in our construction
portfolio. New loan production in regional middle-market banking has increased every quarter since the
first quarter of 2019. Our new loan origination, particularly in Cincinnati, Chicago and Florida, were strong
in the fourth quarter. Total commercial line utilization was stable.

In commercial leasing, our balances continue to decline due to our 2018 decision to hold new originations
in our large-ticket indirect segments and focus on driving relationship-oriented growth. We expect to see
lease balances decline by approximately $300 million by the end of 2020 as a result. Beyond 2020, this
impact should be lower.

Average commercial real estate loans were up 1% from last quarter, primarily reflecting draws on prior
period commitments. Our CRE balances as a percentage of total risk-based capital remain very low at
less than 80%. Commercial loan growth will likely remain relatively muted in the near term, reflecting the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

subdued environment for corporate capital investments. We will continue to maintain our focus on client
selection and prudent underwriting in the best long-term interest of our shareholders.

Average total consumer loans grew 1% from last quarter, predominantly driven by strong auto loan
production of $1.7 billion within the same risk return profile that we have targeted for the past number of
years. The decline in home equity balances continues to reflect high levels of payoffs and pay downs. Our
credit card growth continues to track in line with the industry.

The residential mortgage portfolio was flat sequentially. We expect this portfolio to remain flat for the
foreseeable future barring any significant changes in the interest rate environment.

In the first quarter, we expect total average loan balances to remain relatively stable sequentially. For the
full year 2020, we expect average loans to increase approximately 4% relative to last year, with growth in
both commercial and consumer portfolios.

Moving on to Slide 6. Reported net interest income declined 1% compared to the prior quarter. The
purchase accounting adjustments benefited our fourth quarter NII by $18 million and our net interest
margin by 5 basis points compared to $28 million and 7 basis points in the third quarter. Adjusting for
purchase accounting accretion, NII was relatively flat with just a $4 million decrease sequentially. Interest
income benefited a couple of million dollars from seasonal dividends.

The adjusted fourth quarter NIM of 3.22% decreased 3 basis points from the third quarter adjusted NIM,
which was better than our October guidance of down 4 to 5 basis points. Our relative NIM performance
throughout this cycle -- this rate cycle has been outstanding.

Our focus on reducing our overall interest-bearing liability costs to offset the impact of lower market rates
remains very high. Interest-bearing core deposit rates were down 19 basis points during the quarter,
better than our previous guidance range of 15 to 18 basis points. We expect interest-bearing core deposit
costs in the first quarter to decline approximately another 8 to 10 basis points from the fourth quarter,
assuming the Fed remains on hold. Combining our first quarter forecast, with the results of the past 3
quarters, we will achieve a cumulative 30 basis point decline in interest-bearing core deposit costs since
the Fed started lowering interest rates last year, resulting in a 40% pay.

On a core basis, we expect first quarter NIM to expand 1 to 2 basis points from the fourth quarter core
NIM of 3.22%, reflecting the increasing benefit from the Board starting hedge positions that became
effective over the past few months.

For the full year 2020, we continue to expect core NIM to be 3.25%, consistent with our October guidance
and down just 2 basis points from our core 2019 NIM, assuming no Fed rate cuts this year. For the full
year, we currently expect net interest income, excluding purchase accounting adjustments, to increase
approximately 2%. We expect our first quarter net interest income, excluding purchase accounting
adjustments, to decline approximately 2% sequentially, impacted by day counts and the relatively stable
loan growth outlook. Our first quarter outlook also assumes partial reinvestment of the investment
portfolio cash flows, which may change depending on the environment.

Moving on to Slide 7. We had a stronger quarter in fee income than we guided to in October. Adjusted
noninterest income decreased only 2% sequentially, as deposit fees and corporate banking fees performed
better than expected, offsetting a portion of the seasonal decline in mortgage revenues. Continuing its
recent trends, corporate banking fees exceeded our guidance. Our capital market teams generated record
revenues this quarter, up 10% from the third quarter. For the full year, our capital market fees were up
12%, following 15% year-over-year growth in 2018.

We are very pleased with the second half revenue strength in capital markets, especially the growth from
our regional banking client activities. Our focus on client selection and deepening those relationships
is working well to diversify our revenue streams. The power of our One Bank model, which engages all
business lines and meeting our clients' needs, is very visible in our financial results.

We generated very strong 30% growth in corporate banking revenue in 2019 relative to 2018, reflecting
the investments we have made in our North Star project, in talent and in advanced capabilities to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

better serve our clients. As we anticipated, the return to those investments will continue to reward our
shareholders.

Mortgage banking revenue decreased 23% to $73 million sequentially and increased 35% relative to the
fourth quarter of 2018. Origination volume of $3.8 billion was up 13% from the prior quarter. Our gain on
sale margin was 156 basis points in the quarter, impacted by seasonally lower application volumes in the
quarter and tightening primary, secondary spreads.

Wealth and asset management revenue increased 4% from the prior quarter due to higher personal asset
management fees. We finished the year very strong in new AUM flows and expect this trend to continue in
2020. Deposit service charges were up this quarter with higher fees in consumer as well as commercial.
We expect a stronger year in 2020 in our consumer and commercial deposit service charges based on the
trends that we are seeing.

Our 2019 noninterest income results demonstrate the increasing benefit of having a platform with
a wide scope of product and service capabilities. For the full year 2020, we expect core noninterest
income growth of approximately 8%, relative to the adjusted 2019 level of $2.711 billion, including the
expected Worldpay TRA benefit in the fourth quarter. We expect first quarter noninterest income to decline
approximately 3%, reflecting seasonally lower mortgage and interchange revenue. Our first quarter
forecast also does not include any investment gains. In total, as a result of NII growth and strong increase
in fees, we expect to achieve a very strong 4% total revenue growth in 2020.

Moving on to Slide 8. Fourth quarter reported pretax expenses included merger-related items totaling $9
million, intangible amortization expense of $14 million and a contribution to the Fifth Third Foundation of
$20 million. Adjusted for these items and prior period items shown in our materials, noninterest expense
was flat sequentially. We remain on track to deliver on the previously provided outlook for MB-related
expense savings. We continue to expect to achieve $255 million in savings by the end of the first quarter
of 2020.

Additionally, we expect our total after-tax merger charges, inclusive of the merger-related charges
recognized in current and past periods, as well as projected future charges, to be approximately $245
million after tax, which is $5 million lower than our deal estimate.

As is always the case for us, our first quarter expenses are impacted by seasonal items associated with the
timing of compensation awards and payroll taxes. Excluding these seasonal items, we would expect our
total expenses in the first quarter to be down approximately 1% sequentially. Total first quarter expenses,
including the seasonal items, are expected to be up approximately 5% from the adjusted fourth quarter,
which also includes the full impact of the $3 raise in our minimum wage to $18 an hour. Although in the
short term, the increase in minimum wage is dilutive, in the long run, we expect to achieve a stronger
financial outcome through lower turnover, improved workforce quality, lower recruiting expenses and more
effective training.

For the full year, there are a number of discrete onetime changes, including the impact of the minimum
wage increase and the increase in direct regulatory fees related to the OCC charter conversion. In
addition, we are planning to continue to rationalize and modernize our technology infrastructure, which
will result in additional in-year expense growth relative to our recent trends. These 3 unique items are
expected to increase our total expenses by approximately 1%. We are anticipating a minimal increase
in discretionary expenses outside of these items. Excluding these unique items affecting 2020, total
expenses should increase less than 2%. In total, including these items, we expect total adjusted expenses
to increase between 2% and 3% compared to adjusted 2019 noninterest expenses of $4.372 billion, which
reflects growth in expense items tied to strong revenue performance that I mentioned.

Regardless of our 12-month outlook, which calls for positive operating leverage resulting from strong
revenue and disciplined expense growth, in this uncertain macroeconomic environment, we intend to
maintain flexibility to achieve positive operating leverage under potentially less favorable economic
conditions. We recognize that as we navigate through the environment, investments in projects with lower
returns may be deemphasized or delayed in order to focus our capital investments in the highest areas of
importance within the 4 strategic corporate priorities.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

Turning to credit results on Slide 9. Due to our national charter conversion, fourth quarter credit results
were impacted by accounting policy changes from foreign to OCC guidance regarding certain assets,
which resulted in an increase in TDR and OREO balances. These changes increased consumer NPLs by
$83 million and NPAs by $113 million, which added 7 basis points to the NPL ratio and 10 basis points for
the NPA ratio. The same change resulted in a onetime $10 million increase in charge-offs, all within our
consumer portfolio. Excluding the onetime OCC impact, net charge-offs remain at historically low levels
during the quarter. The consumer net charge-off ratio was flat, and commercial was up 2 basis points
sequentially. The adjusted NPA and NPL ratios continue to be benign and in line with the levels that we
have seen all year.

The ALLL ratio increased slightly to 1.1% of portfolio loans and leases driven largely by 2 factors. The
larger portion of the increase was due to higher specific reserves for 2 middle-market commercial loans
in 2 different industries. We expect these loans to go through our resolution process in the first or second
quarter. We also increased the allowance in our credit card portfolio as the incurred loss methodology
captured the uptick in historical loss rates. As we discussed before, the higher credit card loss rates are
related to growth in certain promotional test portfolios, which are expected to run off and result in more
normalized charge-offs towards the end of the quarter -- end of the year. Card charge-offs were actually
down 20 basis points this quarter compared to third quarter.

With respect to the CECL adoption, which is in effect as of January 1, the day 1 adjustments will result
in an increase of approximately 48% to 50% or between $645 million and $675 million to our allowance
for credit losses, which includes reserves for unfunded commitments and is below the upper end of the
range that we provided in October. As a reminder, this increase includes the impact of the MB acquisition
accounting methodology pertaining to our non-PCI loan portfolio and the CECL treatment of reserves,
which adds more than 10% to the increase that I mentioned. As discussed previously, excluding the
impact of MB, we expect reserves for commercial loans to decrease, and consumer and mortgage loans
to increase relative to the incurred loss methodology. We plan to include a full description and transition
details in our upcoming 10-K disclosure.

Consistent with peer banks, who have recently commented on the impact of CECL, given the number and
potential volatility associated with the underlying variables supporting the CECL methodology, we expect
more volatility in our quarterly provision expense. Our calculations for the allowance for credit losses rely
on various models and estimation techniques, utilizing historical losses, borrower characteristics, economic
conditions and a reasonable and supportable forecast as well as other relevant factors. For expected losses
in our reasonable and supportable forecast period of 3 years, we will use 3 macroeconomic scenarios.
From there, we assume losses revert to historical levels over a period of 2 years on a straight-line basis.
Given the multiple variables impacting provision expense under CECL, we will be providing forecasted net
charge-offs for the foreseeable future.

Overall, we expect our full year 2020 charge-offs to remain near historically low levels and be in the 35 to
40 basis point range, which is up just a few basis points compared to the 36 to 37 basis point charge-off
rates that we have seen in the last couple of quarters.

Again, I would like to remind you that the current economic backdrop continues to support a relatively
stable credit outlook with potential fluctuations and losses on a quarter-to-quarter basis given the current
low absolute levels of charge-offs.

Turning to Slide 10. Capital levels ended the year very strong. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio was 9.7%.
And our tangible common equity ratio, excluding AOCI, was 8.4%. Our tangible book value per share was
$21.13 this quarter, up 10% year-over-year.

During the quarter, we completed $300 million in buybacks, which reduced our share count by
approximately 10 million shares or about 1.5% of our common shares outstanding compared to the
third quarter. We expect to execute the remaining approximately $600 million of repurchases over the
remaining 2 quarters in the CCAR cycle.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

Between the Worldpay sale gains in the first quarter of 2019 and the impact of the recent TRA transaction,
we have nearly $0.5 billion of additional capital above our initial expectations as we proceed into the 2020
CCAR exercise.

As we discussed last quarter, the pacing of our preferred dividends has recently changed in light of
our September issuance and the conversion of existing preferred stock to floating rates with quarterly
payments. We expect our preferred expense to alternate between $17 million and $33 million every
quarter going forward assuming no issuances or change in LIBOR. Slide 11 provides a summary of our
current outlook.

In summary, I would like to reiterate a few items. Our fourth quarter results were strong and continue
to demonstrate the progress we have made over the past few years towards achieving our goal of
outperformance through the cycle. Our execution on the MB acquisition is on track to meet our targets on
both expense and revenue synergies. As always, we remain intensely focused on successfully executing
against our strategic priorities and remain confident in our ability to outperform through various economic
cycles.

With that, let me turn it over to Chris to open the call up for Q&A.

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Tayfun. [Operator Instructions] We will do our best to answer as many questions as possible in
the time we have this morning. [Operator Instructions]
Dkitria, please open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Tayfun, just wanted to ask about the fourth quarter provision. You gave some detail on the items
impacting it, in addition to just the move to the national charter. But you had -- it sounds like the couple
of commercial credits and then the impact from the credit card portfolio as well. Just as you think about
things sort of on a go-forward basis, how much of that proves transitory? And how much is -- if any, is
sort of a new run rate? In other words, if it was higher than expected this quarter, do some of those kind
of revert back down? Or what's the best way to think about it?

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Scott, I will make a few comments, and I'll turn it over to Frank for the credit piece. We believe
that, clearly, these couple of credits that just happened in one quarter impacted the provision numbers,
which we believe to be transitionary. If you look at our guidance for next year, we are clearly expecting
continued stability and benign credit performance away from sort of the accounting-related changes in our
credit metrics. This truly was just one of these quarters where a few credit loan came up. But Frank, do
you want to comment on that?

Frank R. Forrest
Executive VP & Chief Risk Officer

Tayfun, I will. And Scott, we talked about before, the commercial business, we've done this a long time, is
lumpy. It's -- the nature of the business is lumpy. One quarter doesn't make that trend in either direction
in the commercial business. It's something that you manage over an extended period of time. These 2
credits are not related to each other. They're both kind of core middle-market companies. The company
has actually bank for a long period of time. One's a retailer. One's at the hospitality sector. They're just --
they're going through a workout and they happen to hit at the same time. But if you revert back to the
year, and if you look at our overall, again, results for the year, we're actually very pleased with the asset
quality for the year. As we've said before, our criticized assets [ keep ] within our expectations for the
year. Our outlook for 2020 has really not changed other than maybe between basis points increase just
given the economy. And overall, our nonperforming assets for the quarter were centered on these 2 items,
the $50 million net flow at the end of the day.

When we think back to the work we've done in the company intentionally over the last 4 years, we've
repositioned this company to be strong through operating cycles. And we're highly confident -- I'm highly
confident we've done that. These are middle-market credits. The increase we've actually seen for the year
in our problem credit have been tied to kind of the lower-end middle market. A lot of that is reflective of
repositioning the rating system from MB. Some of it is in our systems as well. But this credits tend to be
very well secured and historically have a low loss rate. And it's a very granular portfolio, which is what
we'd like to see.

When you think about the portfolios, at least in my experience, where we should be concerned, as you
think about the economy when an economy slips, it's commercial real estate, it would be your large
corporate book, and it would be leveraged. And when you think about our commercial real estate book,
we have the lowest concentration of commercial real estate loans from any of our peers. That portfolio has
performed exceptionally well, and we position it with companies today that are basically national and large
regional developers that are essentially investment grade or near investment grade, a lot of liquidity.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

Our large corporate books performed exceptionally well, our shared national credit book. Very low level
of criticized assets, and it's very diverse. We manage the risk exposures there, I think, very prudently.
And when you think about leverage, in our case, we've been focused on reducing that for now for 4 years.
We've reduced over $5 billion in leverage loans in the last 4 years, which is a 48% decrease, that we feel
very good about the remaining leverage that we have today. We have specialized groups that lend through
that sector, both in the line of business. And they're tied together with specialists that we have in risk, and
we manage it prudently. We monitor it prudently.

So our overall thesis, I suppose, is that when you think about the portfolio of what Fifth Third has done
over the last 4 years, we've completely repositioned this portfolio for success. And we're highly confident
that, that work will project itself as we move forward in 2020 and beyond under any economic scenario.

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. I appreciate that. And then separately, Tayfun, I was curious on the gain you got
from the change in the TRA agreement. Do you guys have the same flexibility to repurchase shares [ from
that gain ] as you do under kind of a more traditional if you were to just sell shares and get after-tax gain
that way?

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Not with the gain that we booked. I mean, we typically go to the Fed with a specific request. But clearly,
the first quarter 2019 gain on share sales, we are able to buy back shares with that. But obviously, this
gain that we booked in the fourth quarter goes into our overall capital ratios, which gives us a better
starting point for the 2020 CCAR exercise.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Can I ask a question on the right side of the balance sheet? You talked about loans growing 4% this year.
I'm wondering if you could put the deposits into context in terms of the mix of deposits and what type of
growth you're expecting on the deposit side overall.

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

I suspect that I'll turn it over to Jamie with details as well. We obviously have had a very good year, both
in consumer as well as commercial deposits in 2019. We expect that our stable growth in consumer,
accompanied by good growth in households, will continue. We do expect a stronger universal deposit
growth as well because we have a good amount of focus on the partnership between our treasury
management group and our commercial deposit. Jamie, do you have anything to add?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & Treasurer

Yes. And Ken, it's Jamie. One of our goals this year is we do match loan growth with deposit growth. And
so for us, we would expect core deposits to be growing similarly to the loan side at 4%. Tayfun mentioned
our focus is really improving the share wallet that we get on the commercial side of the aisle because,
historically, retail, as you know, has been a very strong provider of deposits and funding for the company
over the years. So our focus is getting commercial up to those levels. So we would expect commercial to
outperform those numbers.

And then on the retail side, it'll be a little bit less than that 4% number in part because we're intentionally
running down our CD portfolio and repricing a lot of those higher-cost CDs around 2% or so right now,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

repricing them down into the 1.25% range. So we are driving those deposits out the door, which results in
a little bit lower retail deposit growth number. However, you see that benefit show up in our deposit costs,
both in the fourth quarter as well as a big support for what we expect in the first and the second quarter
of the year.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And maybe as a follow-up, on the first quarter outlook, you talked about down 2%, but you
-- the NII. But you did indicate that you expect the core NIM to be up and loans stable. So can you help
us flush out what the other deltas would be in terms of -- you mentioned the seasonality of securities
and some of the deposits? Like what else -- what -- it seems like there wouldn't be so much of a drag on
fourth to first.

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & Treasurer

Yes. From a NII dollars perspective, the fourth to the first is really driven by day count of $10 million, then
higher wholesale funding costs and the impact of seasonal runoff in DDAS, that's about $5 million. And
then the investment portfolio, we expect to be down about $10 million from the elevated fourth quarter
levels. The fourth quarter levels include a lot of the year-end onetime mutual fund dividend amounts,
and that was $6 million. And so the other portion of the investment portfolio reduction is that we did not
reinvest cash flows in the fourth quarter. And as Tayfun mentioned, given where rates are right now, we
don't expect to reinvest all of our portfolio cash flows in the first quarter. So we'll be opportunistic. If
things change, we certainly have the capacity to reinvest. But right now, we're running portfolio at about
21% of total assets, and that's -- we'll probably be in the 21% to 22% range over the course of the year.

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And maybe this is a good point for us also to add that for the year, our NII guidance for the year
basically assumes a fairly flat, even maybe a slightly down average portfolio balance. So for those of you
who are modeling investment portfolio numbers for 2020, our decisions on the investment portfolio tend
to be very opportunistic. But for now, as we sit here at the beginning of the year, we're not anticipating
an increase to investment portfolio balance. If we do see opportunities, if the environment changes, that
clearly will have an impact on the actual performance when we get to the end of the year.

Operator

Your next question comes from John Pancari with Evercore ISI.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

On the CECL front, the -- if you could help us think about how provision on a day 2 basis could shape up in
terms of either on a quarterly basis as we go into 2020 or how we could think about it on a full year basis
on how it's impacted by the adoption.

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Yes, I mean, I think the progress in our reserves and the impact on the provision numbers is
probably very similar to others, except for when you look at what's driving the higher reserve rates, it
really is the longer-dated loans and some of the consumer credit outstanding. We, as you know, have
been very clear on our expectations with respect to the residential mortgage portfolio. We do not intend
to grow that portfolio, not necessarily because of CECL, but just because, in the current interest rate
environment, I don't think that we're getting paid to grow that.

And home equities have been declining. That's another portfolio that has a relatively through large
increase in -- under CECL compared to the incurred methodology.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

So those 2 portfolios should not contribute much in terms of increases in reserve coverage. The one
portfolio that we continue to grow is auto. Now auto CECL is also higher than auto incurred loss, so that
should have a slight sort of increase. But if we continue to grow our commercial book, as we have done so
in the past, that's our biggest book, and we will continue to grow that. I suspect that our coverage ratio
ultimately will not change much from sort of where we are standing. But we're all going to have to wait
and see how this plays out. It is without having -- not even a quarter under our belt, it is very difficult
to establish good, reliable trends given the impact of these various macroeconomic scenarios that will be
applied.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And then separately, on the MB side, just want to see if you can give us an update on banker
retention. I know there was some concerns about that a few months back on some of the headlines that
everything that you had indicated that you are retaining a majority of your targeted employees as part
of the deal. You mentioned that last quarter. Just want to get an update on that front where -- how that's
been progressing.

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman, President & CEO

And John, thanks for the question. This is Greg. First of all, we feel really good about the talent that
we have in the Chicago market as evidenced by the strong production numbers that we're seeing from
Chicago. As you would expect, we have a target of $255 million of expense reduction. So a lot of that
reduction shows up in the form of individuals to [ late ] expenses and so forth that did not have jobs
offered to them. So a lot of that attrition, you would expect to see that.

I would tell you, in general, 80-plus percent of individuals we offer positions to or with the company
remain. We feel really good about that. And our ability to our expense targets that we modeled in this
attrition is exactly where we would expect it to be. So we're -- there's no surprises here.

We've also taken a best-of-breed approach. So you think about leadership in that market, all right? And
as far as the CEO, we retained the best in breed we thought to run that company. There's redundancy.
There's optimization that's going to occur. You would expect certain individuals to look for other
opportunities as we modeled in. So it was very much in line with what we expected. There's no surprises
here. And we'll achieve the objectives we've mentioned.

But more importantly, the outcomes in Chicago, if you look at our retail franchise, our wealth business
and our strong, strong core middle-market production, we're really excited about what we're seeing there.
And also the revenue synergies, as they start to come together as we integrate that business into the
rest of our business, whether it be asset-based lending, leasing, capital markets into the old MB book,
we feel really good about what we're seeing there. And we're very bullish on our ability to accomplish our
objectives that we set forth in that market, but there's no surprises here.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. And just in terms of corporate banking, obviously, you've had really good success over the last
couple of years with that business. And I know your fee growth is obviously higher for 2020, in general.
But could you just talk specifically about corporate banking in terms of what you're expecting from that
line? I mean, is that -- like, how far forward can we continue to expect sort of those double-digit gains?
I'm just trying to understand what sort of transitory versus more of a sustainable growth rate.

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

Ken, I'll add to this and then I'll turn it over to Lars for a little more color on this. First off, when you go
back and think about our North Star commitments, a lot of those investments were in corporate banking,
capital markets area. And those investments, we said will start to materialize from a revenue perspective
in 2019. You're seeing that strength in 2018, continued strength in 2019. We continue to invest in that
area because, once again, it provides the products and services we need to better support our clients. And
we've had a great team assembled. And we continue to make great progress in that area. So we would
expect that performance to continue on as we look into 2020 and beyond. So Lars, let me give you that.

Lars C. Anderson
Executive VP & COO

Yes, Ken. We're really pleased with how the North Star investments foundational have really played out.
We shared with you, in particular, of the replatforming of our FRM business. We're already seeing the
benefits of that. You can actually see that in our foreign exchange performance this quarter. FRM business
is really coming back. It's strong.

But in addition to that, a real focus on our advisory model, our relationship banking model and aligning
our businesses to both our middle-market focus as a company as well as our industry verticals to be an
adviser, a consultant, which that meant that we really needed to go after the investment banking piece of
capital markets. And that is paying big, big dividends for us today.

So an example of that would be Coker Capital that we acquired, and that perfectly aligns with our advisory
approach to the health care industry. Most recently, you saw the fact that we recruited 12 investment
bankers in San Francisco. It aligns with our renewables and solar business.

So that's the theme here is to continue to build out a broad platform to serve the industries, geographies
and segments that we plan to win in. Now look, we may not be able to control the ultimate loan growth
quarter to quarter or year to year because there are macroeconomic impacts on that, but one thing we
can do is bring them advice, solutions. And those are often tied towards our fee products and services,
and you're seeing that come through at our corporate banking success. I'm really proud of the talent that
we have.

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

All right. That's great. And then just maybe one follow-up question for Tayfun. You mentioned that you're
going to have higher regulatory expenses related to the charter change in 2020 as part of that 1% extra
expense growth next year. Is there any seasonality related to that? I'm trying to figure out like what's
-- again, sort of what sort of unusual or first half kind of driven expenses versus this just permanently
increases your expense base.

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. There is not. Ken. There's about $11 million, $12 million just the direct fee that we pay to the OCC.
It's just the -- that's the marginal increase in direct cost, but there is no seasonality to that.

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And it's just an ongoing expense going forward.

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

That's correct. Right. The change is a unique change year-over-year, but it will be on our expense base
going forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I just wanted to reiterate maybe the point that you made earlier. If the NII, or the noninterest income,
revenue outlook fell short, there's room to pull the expense lever and potentially do better than the 2% to
3% range to achieve positive operating leverage for 2020.

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So we clearly -- we have always intended to, in the past number of year, to achieve it. We achieve it
every year, and we continue to keep the same target. And when you look at the contents of the remaining
expenses beyond that 1% sort of unique change, Erika, clearly, our largest expense is in compensation,
and there is an underlying inflation built into that. And that consumes over 0.5 point of that expense
increase. And in addition, there is also another 0.5 point or so on expense increase related directly to
revenue growth. So if the revenues sort of tend to come in slower than we expect, we believe that it will
be reflected on expense growth as well. And then we're going to have to make some choices as to where
to invest and where not to invest to wait out a slower revenue growth environment.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.

Matthew D. O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I was wondering if you could talk a bit about just commercial borrower sentiment. You did mention that
the payoffs were quite high in 4Q and had a somewhat muted outlook for commercial lending. I think it
was the first quarter. But it seems like maybe commercial corporate sentiment is improving. Maybe it's
just literally the last few weeks here, but that's one of the themes that we've been hearing from some
other banks and maybe some of the things in the credit market has pointed out as well. So are you seeing
some early signs of that? Or is it a little bit of a different customer base for you guys than maybe we're
seeing elsewhere?

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, Matt. So first of all, just to address the first quarter, there are seasonality issues in that. So I would
really be looking to Tayfun's guidance for the year. That's what we're focused on is executing in 2020.
There has been a heightened sense of caution as we have moved to the second half of 2019 with some
of the global tensions, tariffs, those kinds of things. But some of the resolution of that, we're beginning
to hear some positive things. We're seeing some activity levels that are reflected in the pipelines, not just
from a lending, but also from a fee solutions perspective. That is giving me a little bit more confidence as
we look at 2020 and a potential pickup in activity levels there.

So frankly, I'm not looking at 2020 with a lot of concern. I feel like that we can go out there and execute
given where we have positioned our resources in the Southeast and middle-market banking, in industry
verticals. But in summary, there's still a sense of caution, but I would describe it as positively migrating.
As you see, a number of things start to play out in the global marketplace and with some of the trade tariff
activities recently completed.

Matthew D. O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then just separately, you reiterated kind of your interest in additional fee
deals. You've talked about this in the past. Just remind us kind of which areas you'd most be looking to
complement. And are they sizable enough that you kind of hold back a little bit of your capital versus your
target or they're just not going to be meaningful enough to really impact the kind of capital and buyback
story?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. The capital decisions are independent from that, Matt, I mean, because the timing of these
availabilities are random. We've -- in the past, we're very clear. Lars mentioned the confidence that we
have. Our advisory businesses in commercial, we clearly -- if we can -- if we come across opportunities
to even grow our advisory, M&A services, et cetera, we will be looking for those. We've -- long time ago,
we started talking about potentially adding more capital markets capabilities in commercial real estate.
As they may become available, we will be focusing on those. We have invested in our asset management
business. There are opportunities that are financially feasible and are rewarding. We will be looking at
those. So it is going to be more business, commercial-oriented, fee-oriented opportunities. But at this
point, what we do with the capital that we have is somewhat independent of the opportunity. So if we see
the opportunities, we will execute them, regardless of whether we're sitting on $0.5 billion of capital or
not.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez with UBS.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

First, I wanted to clarify a couple of points on credit. First, you obviously -- on the commercial side, you
obviously mentioned the specific allowances for 2 commercial credit. You also had a big increase in NPL
formation in commercial, I think $165 million on Page 21. I think, Frank, you mentioned that was also
related to the 2 of the -- those 2 specific credits. So I just wanted to confirm that was the case. And
also on CECL, Tayfun, just, again, a clarification. And I have to sharpen my pencil on this, but I think
your allowance takes your ACL ratio to, like, 160, 170 bps. I guess, what you're saying is that, obviously,
there's volatility. There's -- there are more things driving quarterly provision, but your best guess at this
point would be that it sort of stays in that range. And we should be modeling provisions with charge-offs
and growth. Is that sort of the right way to think about it? So a couple of questions with more clarification
questions.

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

I'll take the CECL one, and then I'll turn it over to Frank. I think your numbers are right in the ballpark.
So -- and yes, I mean, sitting here, looking at sort of balance sheet progress without necessarily having a
clear-cut knowledge of macro scenarios, I can only assume that it's probably going to stay around those
levels. But obviously, after a couple of quarters under our belt, we will be able to give you a more precise
answer on this one. Frank, on the credit side.

Frank R. Forrest
Executive VP & Chief Risk Officer

Yes. So on the $165 million, your question was, is it included -- inclusive of the $50 million, and the
answer is yes, it was. And just as a reminder, in the workout business, things are lumpy. I mean, it's
-- you don't package things up in any package and you have even inflows and outflows. We look -- we
analyze inflows every quarter in detail and look to see if there's any particular trends that are bothersome.
And so we didn't see anything there, in particular, spread out.

I will say the flip side of that is we had a really strong quarter on collections. So our net at the end of the
day was $50 million, which I think about as sort of those 2 credits that were there before. So that's the
story there. And again, it doesn't -- I don't think portend anything different in our outlook for 2020. We
feel very good about 2020 based on where we sit today.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Christopher Marinac with Janney Montgomery.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

Christopher William Marinac
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division

Just want to follow up on Tayfun's comment earlier in the call about the accelerated pay downs of
leveraged loans and other commercial. Is that attrition going to continue do you think? Or would you look
to replace those loans this year?

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Our intent is not necessarily to grow the leverage portfolio to make up for the faster payoffs. We will
make loan decisions independent of the payouts. But Lars, any comments on that?

Lars C. Anderson
Executive VP & COO

Yes. No, so actually going back to a previous question just so that you understand. The build that you see
and we have seen, both in middle market and corporate banking, increasing volumes of loan production
throughout the year. And that is really encouraging, which I had mentioned about 2020, some of my
optimism.

On the flip side, and part of the muted impact in the ultimate balance sheet of softness in the industry
that we're seeing has been paid down to elevated pay downs. However, the complexion of that changed in
the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter, rather than just deleveraging some of our portfolio, what we saw
were the 2 biggest drivers was, number one, higher risk assets in the leveraged lending portfolio, where
we actually saw a decline there, and that's a positive thing. It's strengthening our balance sheet. And
it's not that we will not extend credit into the leveraged lending market, but we're being very disciplined
and selective in that market. The second piece of it goes back to what Frank said earlier. We saw pretty
significant pay downs in our construction lending line of business, which I shared previously on prior calls
that we expected that, that would begin to occur as the sign of a healthy commercial real estate portfolio
late in the cycle. So maybe a little bit more than you asked, but to kind of frame it, we do not see that
large lending will be a growth area for us for a period of time this late in the cycle.

Operator

And your final question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Just wanted to ask on your GreenSky relationship. I know you guys had renewed that relationship. Just at
a top level, any changes to how you're thinking about appetites for those type of -- types of credits? Or --
and then, I guess, more specifically, were there any changes in the terms as a result of that renewal?

Tayfun Tuzun
Executive VP & CFO

I can't necessarily -- yes, we renewed the relationship. And we renewed the relationship having had
the experience with GreenSky over the past couple of years and having seen a fairly stable credit
performance. Having said that, we believe that the renewal actually benefits us the way it was done, the
way it was structured from a credit support perspective as well as pricing perspective. That's all I'm going
to comment given the fact that they are the counter-party to the agreement. But we feel pretty good as to
where we ended during the renewal discussion.

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations

Well, there's no further questions. Thank you all for your interest in the Fifth Third Bank. If you have any
follow-up questions, please contact the IR Department, and we'll be happy to assist you.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

Thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

