Fifth Third Bancorp NasdaqGS:FITB
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 19, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.90

0.94

Revenue  (mm)

1989.74

2028.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-19-2021 12:59 PM GMT

4.44

1.92

0.81

3.64

3.26

1962.00

7827.00

7942.43

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.68

0.70

0.81

0.90

0.88

0.95

0.98

0.94

29.41 %

35.71 %

20.99 %

4.44 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Richard L. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Credit Officer

Timothy N. Spence
President

ANALYSTS

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Peter J. Winter
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research
Division

David Joseph Konrad
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Fifth Third Bancorp Third Quarter
2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being
recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker today,
Chris Doll, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, we'll be discussing our financial
results for the third quarter of 2021. Please review the cautionary statements on our materials, which can
be found in our earnings release and presentation. These materials contain reconciliations to non-GAAP
measures, along with information pertaining to the use of non-GAAP measures as well as forward-looking
statements about Fifth Third's performance. We undertake no obligation to update any such forward-
looking statements after the date of this call.

This morning, I'm joined by our CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO, Jamie Leonard; President, Tim Spence; and
Chief Credit Officer, Richard Stein. Following prepared remarks by Greg and Jamie, we will open the call up
for questions.

Let me turn the call over now to Greg for his comments.

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Chris, and thank all of you for joining us this morning. Earlier today, we reported third quarter net
income of $704 million or $0.97 per share. On a quarter basis, we earned $0.94 per share. Once again,
we delivered strong and steady financial results while fully supporting our customers, communities and
employees.

During the quarter, we generated an adjusted ROTCE of nearly 19%, which represents the fifth straight
quarter exceeding 18%. We generated period-end C&I loan growth of 4% compared to the prior quarter,
excluding the impact of PPP. Commercial loan production increased 5% from last quarter, representing the
strongest quarter since the fourth quarter of 2019. We generated strong consumer household growth of
3% compared to last year, with growth in every region in our footprint, reflecting the continued success
of our branch and digital initiatives. And as expected, we generated positive operating leverage on
a year-over-year basis. Our performance this quarter reflected strong business outcomes across our
franchise, resulting in improved and diversified revenues. This was combined with disciplined balance
sheet management, expense management, we had another quarter of benign credit results. We closed
the Provide acquisition and the sale of HSA deposits in the quarter to improve long-term growth and
profitability. Provide, a leading fintech company serving health care practices will further accelerate
profitable relationship growth. The sale of our HSA deposits is part of our multiyear strategy to simplify the
organization and prioritize investments in order to generate differentiated outcomes for our customers and
shareholders.

Despite continued pressure from low interest rates, adjusted PPNR increased 4% compared to the year
ago quarter, highlighting the strong results from our fee-based businesses in retail, mortgage, commercial
and wealth and asset management. Excluding the impact of PPP, average total loans increased 1%
compared to last quarter, reflecting strong commercial loan production as well as strength in our indirect
auto through residential mortgage portfolios. Commercial loan production increased 5% sequentially with
record quarters in Corporate Banking and Middle Market.

Despite some of the challenges we have been hearing from our customers, including supply chain
constraints and labor shortages, the strong production was led by our healthcare, renewable energy

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

and retail verticals, it was well diversified geographically. Our commercial lending production trends,
pipelines and retention of the client relationship all support continued loan growth. As it relates to
Provide, we are very pleased with the progress we have seen so far. We are even more excited about
the opportunities for continued growth. As we have previously mentioned, we expect strong origination
volumes in 2022, reflecting a robust pipeline, and of product capabilities and key talent hires. Provide
supports our relationship approach with approximately 2/3 of customers having either a deposit account or
a payments relationship with Fifth Third.

During the quarter, we recorded a net benefit to credit losses as well as historically low net charge-offs
of 8 basis points, reflecting continued improvement in both our commercial and consumer portfolios.
In addition to historical low credit losses, we experienced another quarter of improvement in criticized
assets and NPAs. Our criticized assets declined nearly 20%. Our NPA ratio declined 9 basis points
sequentially. Our NPA to NPL ratios this quarter have reverted back to pre-pandemic levels. Our strong
credit performance reflects disciplined client selection, conservative underwriting and continued support
from fiscal and monetary government stimulus programs.

Our balance sheet and earnings power remained very strong. As we've said before, we remain focused on
deploying capital into organic growth opportunities, evaluating strategic nonbank opportunities, paying a
strong dividend and share repurchases. Bank acquisitions remain a lower priority. I'd like to once again
thank our employees. I very much appreciate the way you have continually risen to the occasion for our
customers, communities and each other. I'm very proud that in addition to producing strong financial
results, we have also continued to take deliberate action to improve the lives of our customers and the
well-being of our communities.

For our customers, we are excited to roll out [Genie], our new AI-driven digital assistant in the fourth
quarter. This will drive targeted marketing capabilities, digital engagement and improved customer
retention. For our communities, we made a $15 million contribution to our foundation this quarter as part
of our $2.8 billion commitment to accelerate racial equity, equality and inclusion in our communities. In
total, we have contributed $40 million in philanthropic support since the end of last year. We continue
to make targeted investments to accelerate economic revitalization as you may have seen in last week's
announcement, a Fifth Third Neighborhood Investment Program. This innovative initiative further
demonstrates our commitment to being an ESG leader in addition to other recent proof points including
chairing over $6 billion towards our $8 billion renewable energy goal to be achieved by 2025, announcing
a new position about climate risk to focus on identifying, measuring and managing the physical and
transition risk of our clients and a robust transparent and peer-leading ESG disclosure.

In summary, we believe our balancing strength, diversified revenues and continued focus on disciplined
management throughout the company will serve us well into 2022 and beyond. We expect to generate
positive operating leverage on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter and also for the full year in
2021. We remain committed to generate sustainable long-term value and consistently producing through-
the-cycle top quartile results.

With that, I'll turn over to Jim to discuss our third quarter results and our current outlook.

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Greg, and I thank all of you for joining us today. We're very pleased with our financial results
this quarter, reflecting focused execution throughout the bank. Our quarterly results included solid revenue
growth and continued discipline on both expenses and credit. The reported earnings included a $21 million
after-tax benefit or $0.03 per share from the 3 items noted on Page 2 of the release. Our strong business
performance of the bank is reflected in our return metrics. We produced an adjusted ROA of 1.32% and an
adjusted ROTCE excluding AOCI of 18.7%.

Improvements in our loan portfolio credit quality resulted in a $63 million release to our credit reserves
and an ACL ratio of 200 basis points compared to 206 last quarter. Combined with our historically low net
charge-offs, we had a $42 million net benefit to the provision for credit losses.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Moving to the income statement. Net interest income of approximately $1.2 billion increased 2%
compared to the year ago quarter, reflecting the benefits of our balance sheet positioning, continuing
benefits from PPP income and income from our Ginnie Mae forbearance loan purchases. Our NII results
relative to the second quarter included a $6 million reduction in PPP income, a $4 million decline in
prepayment penalties in our investment portfolio and the impact of lower earning asset yields, partially
offset by a higher day count and a reduction in long-term debt. Our allocation to bullet and locked-out
structures is currently 60% of the total investment portfolio, which is expected to continue to provide
ongoing NII protection in this low rate environment.

On the liability side, we reduced our interest-bearing core deposit costs another basis point this quarter
to 4 basis points. With a highly asset-sensitive balance sheet and over $30 billion of excess liquidity, we
continue to be well positioned to benefit when interest rates rise while also remaining well hedged if rates
remain low, given our securities portfolio and derivatives.

Total reported noninterest income increased 13% sequentially, impacted by a $60 million gain associated
with the disposition of HSA deposits as previously communicated. Adjusted noninterest income
increased 3%, driven by strong mortgage banking, treasury management, leasing and wealth and asset
management revenues. Commercial Banking revenue, which achieved record results for the past 2
quarters remained solid as strength in M&A advisory fees, particularly in our health care vertical was more
than offset by lower corporate bond fees. Compared to the year-ago quarter, adjusted noninterest income
increased 13% with improvement in every single caption, reflecting both the underlying strength in our
lines of business as well as the robust economic rebound over the past year. Our total noninterest revenue
was 41% of total revenue in the third quarter. Reported noninterest expense increased 2% compared
to the second quarter, primarily due to the $15 million foundation contribution. Adjusted expenses were
flat sequentially as an increase in marketing expense associated with Momentum Banking and increased
T&E expense were offset by a decrease in compensation and benefits expense. Compared to the year-
ago quarter, adjusted noninterest expense increased 2%, primarily driven by an increase in performance-
based compensation, reflecting strong business results, servicing expenses associated with Ginnie Mae
loan purchases and the impact of the Provide acquisition. These items were partially offset by lower card
and processing expense due to contract renegotiation and lower net occupancy expense. On a year-over-
year basis, total adjusted fees have increased 13% compared to just 2% expense growth.

Moving to the balance sheet. Total average portfolio loans and leases declined half of 8% sequentially,
including the headwind from PPP loans. Excluding PPP, average loans and leases increased 1%, with
period-end loans up 1.5%, pointing to positive momentum as we head into the fourth quarter. Average
total consumer portfolio loans increased 2% as continued strength in the auto portfolio and growth in
residential mortgage balances were partially offset by declines in home equity and credit card balances.

While we did not retain incremental conforming mortgage originations in the third quarter, we have elected
to retain approximately $400 million of our retail mortgage production for the balance sheet in the fourth
quarter and we'll continue to evaluate the economic trade-offs given our balance sheet capacity in this
environment. Average commercial loans declined 2% compared to the prior quarter due entirely to PPP
forgiveness. Excluding PPP, average commercial loans increased around half of 8% with C&I loans up
2%. Production was robust across the board, up 5% compared to the prior quarter, with both corporate
and middle market banking generating record production, which was well diversified geographically. As a
result, period-end C&I loans, excluding PPP, increased 4%.

Revolver utilization of 31% was stable compared to the prior quarter. However, it is worth noting that
total commitments have increased approximately $5 billion since the end of last year, driven by new client
acquisition and an increase in demand from existing clients in anticipation of future business growth.
Average CRE loans were down 3% sequentially with lower balances in mortgage and construction driven
by elevated payoffs in areas most impacted by the pandemic, reflecting our cautious approach to those
sectors. Our securities portfolio was stable sequentially. We continue to reinvest portfolio cash flows but
will remain patient on deploying the excess liquidity. Assuming no meaningful changes to our economic
outlook, we would expect to begin our excess cash deployment when investment yields move north of the
200 basis point level.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

We remain optimistic that continued GDP growth in the Fed's eventual tapering of bond purchases will
present more attractive risk-return opportunities in the future. Average other short-term investments,
which includes interest-bearing cash remain elevated, reflecting growth in core deposits since the onset of
the pandemic, which are up 6% year-over-year.

Moving to credit. Our strong credit performance this quarter once again reflects our disciplined client
selection, conservative underwriting, prudent balance sheet management and the continued benefit of
fiscal and monetary stimulus programs and improvement in the broader economy. As Greg mentioned,
the third quarter net charge-off ratio of 8 basis points was historically low and improved 8 basis points
sequentially. Nonperforming assets declined 15% with the NPA ratio declining 9 basis points sequentially
to 52 basis points. The decline in criticized assets reflected significant improvements in retail nonessential
and leisure, consistent with the reopening of the economy and higher activity in those sectors as well as
improvements in our energy and leverage loan portfolios. We continue to focus on segments of nonowner-
occupied commercial real estate particularly central business district hotels as activity has not yet returned
to pre-pandemic levels.

Moving to the ACL. Our base case macroeconomic scenario is relatively similar to last quarter, which
assumes the labor market continues to improve, and job growth continues to strengthen, with
unemployment reaching 4% in the first quarter of 2022 and ending our 3-year reasonable and supportable
period at around 3.5%. We did not change our scenario weights of 60% to the base and 20% to the
upside and downside scenarios. However, our ACL release was lower this quarter as the improvement in
the underlying economic forecast decelerated from the second quarter. Additionally, the ACL requirement
in the downside scenario worsened compared to the second quarter due to a forecasted slower pace of
recovery and a larger increase in unemployment. If the ACL were based 100% on the downside scenario,
the ACL would be $788 million higher. If the ACL were 100% weighted to the baseline scenario, the
reserve would be $176 million lower.

While the favorable economic backdrop and our base case expectations point to further improvement
in the economy, there are several key risks factored into our downside scenario, which could play out
given the uncertain environment. In addition to COVID, we continue to monitor the economic and lending
implications of the supply chain and labor market constraints that currently exist. Our September 30
allowance incorporates our best estimate for the economic environment would lower unemployment and
continued improvement in credit quality.

Moving to capital. Our capital levels remained strong in the third quarter. Our CET1 ratio ended the quarter
at 9.8%. During the quarter, we completed $550 million in share repurchases, which reduced our share
count by 14.5 million shares compared to the second quarter. We also raised our common dividend $0.03
or 11% to $0.30 per share. Our capital plans support approximately $300 million of share repurchases in
the fourth quarter of 2021 and we continue to target a 9.5% CET1 by June 2022.

Moving to our fourth quarter outlook. We expect average total loan balances to increase 2% sequentially,
excluding the PPP headwind. Including the PPP impact, we expect average total loans to increase
approximately 1%. Our outlook reflects 0.5 point of improvement from commercial revolving line
utilization, continued strength in commercial production given our record pipeline and a continued
stabilization in paydowns based on activity that we are seeing so far in October. We expect average C&I
growth of 4% to 5%, excluding PPP in the fourth quarter, and CRE balances to decline around 1% or so,
primarily due to construction constraints. As a result, we anticipate total average commercial loan growth
of around 3% sequentially, excluding PPP. We expect average total consumer loan balances to increase
around 1% sequentially, including the impacts of Ginnie Mae forbearance pool purchases in our held-
for-sale portfolio. We purchased $300 million during the third quarter, an additional $700 million in early
October.

Given our loan outlook, we expect NII to be down 1% sequentially in the fourth quarter, assuming stable
securities balances and a $17 million reduction in PPP income. Excluding PPP, we expect fourth quarter NII
to be up slightly relative to the third quarter.

Our guidance indicates full year 2021 NII declines less than 1% compared to full year 2020 despite no
meaningful growth in investment securities balances throughout the year, and an average decline in 1-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

month LIBOR of approximately 40 basis points. We expect NIM to decline 3 to 4 basis points in the fourth
quarter, primarily due to loan yield compression. We expect fourth quarter fees to increase around 6%
compared to the third quarter and to be up around 8% on a year-over-year basis, excluding the impacts
of the TRA. This results in full year 2021 fee growth, excluding the impacts of the TRA of approximately
10% compared to 2020. Our outlook assumes a continued healthy economy, resulting in a record full
year commercial banking revenue led by 20% growth in capital markets fees, record wealth and asset
management revenue up double digits and double-digit growth in card and processing revenue. We expect
private equity income to be in the $40 million area in the fourth quarter. Our outlook assumes a sequential
decline in top line mortgage revenue of approximately 40%, with roughly half of that decline due to
seasonally lower fourth quarter volumes and declining spreads and half to our decision to retain $400
million in retail production that I mentioned earlier.

We expect fourth quarter expenses to be stable to up 1% compared to the third quarter, reflecting
continued growth in technology investments, servicing expenses associated with the Ginnie Mae loan
purchases and continued marketing support related to our rollout of Momentum, offset by disciplined
expense management throughout the company and initial savings beginning from our process automation
program. As a result, our full year 2021 total core revenue growth is expected to exceed the growth in
core expenses despite the rate environment. We will have achieved positive operating leverage in a year
in which the vast majority of the industry will likely experience an erosion in efficiency. We expect total net
charge-offs in the fourth quarter to be in the 10 to 15 basis points range, which would result in full year
2021 charge-offs of 15 basis points or so.

In summary, our third quarter results were strong and continue to demonstrate the progress we have
made over the past few years towards achieving our goal of outperformance through the cycle. We will
continue to the same principles of disciplined client selection, conservative underwriting and a focus on a
long-term performance horizon, which has served us well during this environment. With that, let me turn
it over to Chris to open the call up for Q&A.

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations
Thanks, Jamie. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I just wanted to ask a couple of questions on loan growth, which looks like it's coming back nicely. First, I
was hoping you could talk about any differences you're seeing in demand between your larger and smaller
customers. Jamie, I think you had mentioned that production sounded pretty strong in both corporate and
middle market. So any additional color there? And then second, I was just wondering if you could speak
to the dynamics you're seeing in terms of both pricing and structure, just in other words, changes to the
competitive environment.

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

This is Greg. Let me start off, and then I'll flip it over to Tim, and maybe Jamie. First off, we're very
encouraged what we're seeing from a production perspective. We've got commercial loan production in
the third quarter. '21 was strong at $5.4 billion. That was up from $5.1 billion in the second quarter and
$5.2 billion in the third quarter 2019. We expect that production to continue to be stable going into the
fourth quarter, so that's encouraging. We expect average loans up 1% with PPP and 2% up without PPP
assets. So that's some strength there. We're also seeing line utilization tick up a little bit more in our core
middle market, which is nice to see that for change. So when you think about our geographies, what we're
seeing right now from a geography perspective, North Carolina, Texas, Cincinnati, Columbus were our top
4 markets from commercial loan growth in Q3, which is encouraging. If you look at 6 regions that had all-
time highs, which we're very encouraged with Chicago, Green Rapids, Columbus, Kentucky, North Carolina
and Texas. So that felt really good, and we're starting to see once again, some good momentum out there.
Net new relationships, something we watch very carefully brought in 419 new commercial relationships
year-to-date. Most of that was in core middle market and some of that in March quarter. But net-net,
we're seeing good progress out there, good performance. Encouraged by what we're seeing to date as we
go into the fourth quarter and then into 2022.

Timothy N. Spence
President

Yes. Just to add a few points to what Greg mentioned. So I had the chance to be out in 8 of our 14 regions
this past quarter. I think you get really excellent color when you have an opportunity to sit with clients
and with bankers. I mean they're all feeling the shortages as it relates to labor and supply chain. We
have hotel operators who are now only cleaning rooms when people leave. As an example, I visited an
electronics client out West and asked to see their demo room, and there was nothing but holes in the
walls. I said "Where is the equipment?" and they had sold all the inventory because they are struggling to
get the parts in to be able to fill orders. So all those issues are still real. I think the good news is we are
seeing M&A as a catalyst. We're seeing CapEx now as a catalyst, in particular, for businesses that are able
to substitute equipment and automation for manual processes. And then bluntly, as Greg mentioned, I
think we feel pretty confident that a lot of the improvement we're seeing is just coming from taking share.
I mean the relationship count Greg mentioned be higher than where we were at prior to the pandemic. So
we'll have taken more new relationships on board this year through 9 months than we had in all of 2018
or 2019, just as an example. So the good general pickup there. It would be great to continue to see a little
bit more activity as it relates to utilization as folks try to build inventories and otherwise, it's just -- that's
going to be the wildcard for us.

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

One more thing. Scott, also, if you look at our verticals, which I should have mentioned is, our largest
production in the areas we're seeing larger strength right now is technology, media, telecom, our retailers,
financial institutions are all doing well. So we're seeing some good momentum in those spaces.

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

And then, Scott, to answer the second part of your question, in terms of the segments, I think Greg and
Tim did a nice summary there. What we're seeing from a line utilization perspective is that the middle
market line utilization is up almost 1%, whereas corporate banking continues to trend down. So quarter-
over-quarter, that utilization was stable. And if we want to go into the decimals, it was 31.3 at the end of
June, and it's 31.1 as we sat here on September 30, but we are starting to see more borrowing demand
and pickup in the middle market space as opposed to the corporate banking. And then in terms of pricing,
while NIM came in as expected in line with our July guide, we do have the headwind in the C&I yield
portfolio because it is very competitive out there. I think, for the most part, banks are competing on price
and nonbanks are competing on structure. So for us, the price headwind comes in just a little bit tighter
spread, but also some of the reduction in the LIBOR floor. So you lose some of that excess earnings in this
environment, but you can perhaps recapture the yield benefit as the Fed starts to move on the front end
of the curve, hopefully in the next year to 18 months. So as expected, but certainly a headwind when it
comes to pricing.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities.

Peter J. Winter
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

You guys have done a phenomenal job on the securities yield with the rate locks on the cash flows and
the bullets. I'm wondering is this type of securities yield sustainable into next year with the rate locks
continuing?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I would say, Peter, it's -- we're inoculated from the rate environment, but we're not immune to it. So
it's -- as you saw in the numbers this quarter and as we look out even next quarter, it is a steady grind
down as we reinvest the cash flows. So that's hurts the yield a bit at 10, 15 basis points or so. If you look
out on the bullets themselves, they're at a 2.65% yield with cash flows, I think we're projecting about $7
billion of cash flows in that portfolio over the next 5 years. So there will be a step down should rates stay
where they are today. Reinvestment yields right now, I think, are in the [170 to 180] range. So barring a
curve steepener, it will be a slow, but definitely downward trend on the portfolio yield. The good news for
us is we're very well positioned, and it is pretty insulated from the environment relative to how the peers
have positioned their portfolio.

Peter J. Winter
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

Okay. And if I could just follow up on expenses. You've had the benefit of those expense initiatives this
year, which clearly benefited when looking at the fee income growth relative to the expense growth. Can
you just talk about some of the expense saves opportunities going forward as we go into next year? Or
has a lot of the low-hanging fruit been realized? And if you could also talk about any inflation pressures
looking into next year?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Thanks for the question. The one update we have on expense savings in our program for 2022
is that we are targeting $125 million in savings for 2022, and that's a combination of the lean process
automation, intelligent operations, the branch closures. We have 42 branches closing in the first quarter

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

of 2022 and then some smaller vendor savings bundled together. So we've tightened the range on
that bundle savings from $100 million to $150 million to $125 million. And then obviously, we're not
getting into expense guide for 2022 because we'll continue to evaluate how much of those savings will be
reinvested into sales force expansion on commercial as well as the wealth and asset management. But we
feel good about the progress we're making on the LPA program. In fact, if you look in the press release,
buried, I think, at the bottom of Page 14 is an FTE count, and we're down a couple of hundred FTE even
with adding about 100 from the Provide acquisition, and that's starting to show the benefit of that LPA
savings. So we've made progress. We've had some success. There's about $6 million of savings in our
fourth quarter forecast tied into that program, but then the $125 million for next year.

Timothy N. Spence
President

The headcount there doesn't even reflect the benefit from the offshore, right? The automation savings on
offshore processes that were completed by JV partners, where we are, I think, north of 20% at this point
of the processes that we're offshore now fully automated.

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

And from the other part of your question on inflation, in terms of wage inflation and other things, we've
been able to manage through the environment from an employee and cost structure and still deliver
fairly stable expenses this quarter. We continue to see opportunity to do the same while there is the wage
inflation and other pressure. We do have those other opportunities ahead of us. And so perhaps some of
the $125 million would be absorbed by some inflationary pressure. But ultimately, a moderate amount of
inflation would ultimately be very positive for the bank in terms of PPNR and interest income capabilities.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Greg, when you look at your CET1 ratio, you're targeted to bring it down to 9.5% in June of next year. It
looks like if I recall correctly, your required number is 7% by the feds. What would it take for you guys
to bring it down from 9.5% to something lower? Or is it now the 9.5% is set in stone and you're just not
going to budge off of that?

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

Well, there's nothing set in stone, Gerard. But at the end of the day, we think that's a prudent place to
be. It's multifaceted as we think about that level. We -- obviously, we believe we could run the bank at a
much lower level but also we watch where the market is going, the environment we're operating in, I think
that's a proven target point to shoot for at this point.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Very good. And then maybe, Richard, we could talk about credit quality. Obviously, your numbers, similar
to some of your peers, are quite strong, particularly in the net charge-off area. And I suspect that this
is [Audio Gap] just due to normal seasoning in portfolios. How long do you think you guys could see net
charge-offs stay at this extremely low level? And when do you think that they start creeping up to a more
normal level? When do they start to creep up?

Richard L. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Credit Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Yes. Gerard, thanks for the question. Clearly, we're pleased with the 8 basis points this quarter. And like
you said, we don't think that's going to repeat. But given the economic outlook, we do expect charge-
offs to be better than our through-the-cycle average and probably certainly into '22 and into '23 for a
couple of reasons. One, it's going to be simply the amount of liquidity that's out there. Two, inflation,
collateral values continue to be strong. And when we run our mid-cycle stress test, we're seeing 25 to
35 basis points as a charge-off range for the bank through '22 and '23. Now that -- as I said, it's a little
bit lower than what we think the long-term average is. If you recall, we think through-the-cycle average
is somewhere between 35 and 45 basis points. But given our approach, given the way we manage the
balance sheet, the way we think about client selection and underwriting, we think it's a grind through '22
and '23 back to something that feels a little bit more normal.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies..

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Jamie, I was just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on the portfolio structure. So when you
talk about the $7 billion that's kind of going to run off over the next several years, how high [Audio Gap]
book? And when you're reinvesting the cash flows to keep the book flat, are you also buying back some
new type of bullet structures? Or are you just more investing in kind of plain vanilla today?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

So we've been buying a little bit of everything when we're reinvesting. The portfolio of cash flows have
been running about $1.5 billion a quarter, second quarter, third quarter. So depending on the day, we've
added some Level 1s, we've added some Level 2s. But in total, the mix hasn't really changed a whole lot.
And then in terms of the bullets, over the next couple of years, it's a very small number in terms of total
cash flow, maybe a couple of hundred million. And then over years 3, 4, 5, then you start to have cash
flow portfolio-ing. But right now, the total book -- bullets as well as the cash flowing securities, we're in
a 2.75% yield, give or take. And then for the fourth quarter, yield should be a little bit better than that
with a little bit of seasonal mutual fund dividends in the plus a little bit of prepayment penalties that have
occurred thus far in October.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. Got it. And just a follow-up. You guys have been really taking down the long-term debt footprint,
which is still, even at its size, the majority of your interest-bearing liability costs. Just wondering, where is
the level of bucking that you need to keep it at? And what's the trade-off versus the deposit base, the mix
of deposits and how much more could you potentially return -- reduce that footprint?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. We're probably at the the low point in terms of the long-term Fed outstanding. We had a maturity in
September, $850 million that we'll perhaps look to replenish in the next quarter or 2. But I think we're at
a good spot and we're well positioned. We've been able to utilize the excess liquidity and take advantage
of the environment to deliver some savings from a cost standpoint, both from long-term debt as well as
running off some of the CD book that certainly behaves more like wholesale funding than the core deposit
book. So I think we're in a good spot, and we've probably reached the the end of the line on the long-term
debt, but probably have a little bit more room on the CD book to run it down a little bit more.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore.

John G. Pancari

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Greg, you mentioned some key talent hires that should help drive

loan production into 2022. Can you provide a little bit of color on the areas where you're hiring,
particularly within the lending areas? And if that hiring is continuing?

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

Absolutely. Thanks for the question. Obviously, the Southeast markets, we've been adding a bunch of
management bankers in that market with a lot of success there. So the production we're seeing in that
market. So we'll continue to add in that market. There are great opportunities. We run a good franchise
down there, and that's obviously a focal point for our expansion. In addition to that, I would say Texas,
the West Coast, California, the talent we've been able to acquire in those markets, the bankers that
we brought on, significant increases in bankers in those markets over the last 2 or 3 years, and we're
seeing great progress from a production perspective, perspective. So like those are the strategies. We
watch them very carefully. We invest where we see opportunities and those areas continue to be great
opportunities for us. More to come. So let me just start over to Tim to see if he has any color he wants to
add to that.

Timothy N. Spence
President

Yes. I think a couple other Greg hit the geographic points. We also are in the process of building out a
mortgage warehouse vertical. That's a good business for us. It's a business we've been in historically, but
it hasn't been a point of focus, and we saw an opportunity there with some talent to go out and take some
market share. So I think that's an area we continue to add to the renewables theme and are focused on
how we expand what is already, I think, a pretty strong capability there and a good track record. And then
we were pleased to be able to land some really important talent in to Provide, post the Provide acquisition
and now have now formally launched the Vet vertical there for veterinarians, which I think it's going to
be a really good source of growth to complement the strength we already had in medical dental in that
business line.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. All right. And then secondly, if you could just update us on where you stand on your core system
upgrade? Can you maybe remind us of the timing of the project and the cost that you see tied to it? And
then separately, do you see any risk to the cost that you had budgeted for the upgrade given the wage
inflation dynamics?

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

First off, our tech budgets, let me just me take that first, is about $700 million. That's been growing
about 10% per year for the last 5 years. When you think about our core platforms, we talked about
the modernization effort, that's been going on for a couple of years. You saw that with our mortgage
loan origination system, the resiliency platforms we put in place, the data architecture strategy that we
rolled out. Next coming up is obviously FIS core deposits. We're in a midst right now turning on Encino.
That's going extremely well and something we're very pleased with. So this is an ongoing effort. If you
ask me if it was a baseball analogy, we're probably in mid-innings here. But it's a long game, and we'll
continue to invest prudently. In addition to that, when you think about our tech spend, a lot of that tech
spend is focused on being able to take cost out. So Lean process, automation has been a great focus
of our business in an area where we've made a lot of progress in. So we'll continue to invest for those
opportunities. We'll continue to stay focused on core platform replacement. Our partnership with FIS, the
fact that we're the largest processing customer. If you think about how we think about that business and
the integration what we've done with our core platforms, we'll be able to manage costs very efficiently
and effectively through that exercise. So we're very comfortable with what we think the new operating

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

environment will look like from a cost perspective. But if you think about our tech spend, how we think
about our business, it's really 50% of keeping the business running so to speak, 35% of advancing the
business and then 15% protecting the business.

Timothy N. Spence
President

John, it's Tim. One just small point to add to that, and it came up earlier. There was a question about
inflation and wages. Jamie said earlier, we were immune but not inoculated on a different point -- I'm
sorry, inoculated but not immune on a different point. And here again, we raised our minimum wage to
$18 an hour in 2019. I think we were the first to the regional banks, certainly of our peer group to have
made that move. And the byproduct of that is we are watching as I'm sure you are, the announcements
coming out of many of our peers that they're raising their minimum wage, but they're getting to $18 an
hour in nearly all cases, which is where Fifth Third is already at. The byproduct to that is a lot of that near-
term impact is kind of in our run rate.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

I wanted to follow up on your net charge-off rate commentary. As you think about the normalization of
your NCO rates off these low levels to the 25, 35 basis points in '22, '23 that you mentioned, is the level
of your reserve rate currently high enough such that the trajectory is also likely to be flat to down even as
NCO rates normalize higher? Any color that you can give on that dynamic would be helpful.

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I think it's a little tough to take a life of loan expected loss rate of the ACL and compare it to short-
term forecast because the loan maturities certainly are a swing factor in that. So obviously, we're
comfortable with our ACL at 200 basis points. It's 204 basis points excluding PPP. So yes, I'm comfortable
that the ACL is adequate to cover the expected losses over the life of the loans. And then when Richard is
talking about those periodic charge-off levels for a point in time and with a fairly shorter duration portfolio
throwing off some of those losses in the consumer side, card and auto, I think we're in a good spot.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Very helpful. And then following up on the utilization commentary, to the extent that supply chain
problems were to extend further into next year, how much do you think that weighs on -- just given the
makeup of your client base, how much would that sort of weigh on the normalization of utilization rates
versus the potential for those utilization rates to continue to improve even if those supply chain problems
were to extend a bit longer?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think we're seeing stable line utilization because of those supply chain constraints. So hopefully, the
worst case scenario would be stable. As we talked about in our guide, we expect a little bit of an uptick,
both from a seasonal and year-end positioning with our customers of about 0.5%. So we've reduced our
outlook on utilization because of the supply chain and labor constraints. From a next year perspective,
hopefully, they get resolved and we'll start to see inventory builds and that should provide a little bit of a
tailwind to our loan growth expectations.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I was wondering if you could dig a little bit more into some of the loan yield pressure that you were talking
about earlier? And if you kind of just hold rates constant, when does that eventually flatten out?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Matt, it's -- for our quarter, if you look in the tables and you look at the gross yield decline 2Q to 3Q,
it's really driven by 3 factors. One, 2Q had elevated prepayment loan fees that get recorded in the NII. So
2Q was high. So that was a portion, you have regular repricing front book, back book phenomenon, and
that's -- I would characterize it as 3 basis points or so of NIM from that. And I expect that should continue
into the fourth quarter. And then the other phenomenon on the LIBOR floor is more a consequence of
getting through renewal season and some of the other things happening out of the second quarter. So
that should dissipate, but that was call it, third half of that yield compression you see in the tables in the
earnings release. So as we look ahead, I would expect a couple of -- 2 to 3 bps headwind from C&I loan
yield compression for all of those factors into the fourth quarter, and that's why we're guiding the reported
NIM down as well for the fourth quarter, similar to what we saw in the third quarter.

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

And then I guess beyond 4Q, I mean, is there still a fair amount of good pricing between the back book
and the front book and all that or are you getting close to -- sorry, go ahead.

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

No, thanks for the question. I think from a front book, back book perspective, it's -- the tailwind of the
curve steepening we've seen in the third quarter, and should that continue, we'll hit that intersection.
But until we -- a little more left, you do have the repricing effect continuing where new loans are coming
on at lower yields than the runoff and paydowns in the back book. I think on top of that, we have done
a nice job managing NII and the balance sheet through this environment. And we certainly have dry
powder, whether it's through the asset sensitivity or the $33 billion of excess cash that we could choose to
deploy to mitigate those effects if need be. But for now, we still think patience is still the way to go. And
therefore, if there's a little bit of NIM compression along the way, that's fine. Our focus is more on the long
term and delivering the best performance we can over the next 5 years.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Well, you mentioned positive operating leverage in 2021 even while we spent 10% more on tech and that
you're in kind of the fourth or fifth inning of your tech transformation. So I guess the question is, do you
intend to continue to spend around 10% more on tech each year? And how is that changing, especially as
you move off-premise as much as you are, is there going to be a period where you have to run somewhat
parallel systems and then you'll get the benefit in a few years out? And more generally, how do you think
about the number of tech partners that you have? And if you can quantify the number, I'll take that, too.

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

Yes. And Mike, this is Greg. Listen, I think 10% is probably the right number for us, it is not cast in stone.
As you mentioned, operating leverage -- positive operating leverage, that's something we're very focused
on. We delivered -- we'll deliver in 2021 as we go into our planning process for 2022, our focus is on
positive operating leverage. So as I mentioned earlier, a lot of that -- some of that tech spend is going

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

right to process efficiencies. We were able to take out the 200-plus additional people and so forth, branch
closes some of the things that we're working on right now. And on the other expense side of the house
supports that positive operating leverage. And we continue to grow fees at a really robust rate, close to
10% CAGR over the last couple of years. So net-net, positive operating leverage is something we're very
focused on. We believe we can continue to deliver on. In addition to that, the tech spend will roughly
run around 10-plus percent. When you think about the core platform modernization, we talked about the
fourth or fifth inning. I think of it more as a cricket test match. It's been going on. It's going to continue to
go on for quite some time. We're going to have to deal with that. But at the end of the day, I think as we
put these new platforms in, we're able to do in a very systematic way with respect to how we turn these
platforms on. So it's not the big bang approach. We're able to turn it on by geography, by product line.
So we're very insulated for having to do a big bang impact. With that said, you have some dual system
platforms that are going to run simultaneously until we get all markets, all products converted over in the
case of some of our major implementations coming up like our core deposit platform. So that's going to
take a little bit of time. But at the end of the day, we should be a lot more efficient. We should be able
to bring further -- more enhancements at a different case forward to our business. We should be able to
continue to take out costs through our Lean process automation and our investments in AI technology.
So net-net, tech is going to be a source of spend for us in that range that I mentioned before as we go
forward. But net-net, we're getting paid very well for it. Our objective is to go head-to-head with the
fintech players, the large bank competitors that we have to deal with and be very successful. And we've
been able to do that and demonstrate that. When you think about the fintech players that are out there,
we've got the same capabilities. We've got our products like Momentum, but we also got 53,000 free
ATMs, 1,100 banking centers and 10,000 service personnel that they don't have, and we got the core
relationships. So net-net, we'll continue to stay focused, but that's kind of the range of what we're going
to operate in.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

That's helpful. Just one more follow-up. Just one simple thought. I mean there's a debate of how much
banks should keep on-premise versus off-premise. Clearly, you're going more in the off-premise direction,
and it seems like you're accelerating that. What was the tipping point? What was the biggest factor to say,
"You know what, we want to have more of the open architecture of the off-premise even though some
other banks are saying we want to keep a lot of it on-premise."

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

I think we intend to transition, basically we just had 90% on-premise. And you think about that for the
next 5 years as we look at this, but it's going to shift. As you mentioned before, so 90% on-premise is
going to shift to roughly 90% off-premise. And 70% of that will be hosted in a private cloud. When you
think about platforms like FIS and CNF are going to be private clouds, and the public cloud, AWS, about
20%. So you think about the shift, 90% will be an off-premise model, and roughly 70% private, 20%
public.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Konrad with KBW.

David Joseph Konrad
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I was hoping you could help us out with if there's any constraint limitations on the balance sheet? Meaning
as we look at our earnings models over the next couple of years and redeploy a lot of the excess liquidity.
Just wondering, some of your peers has mentioned, maybe 30% of our assets would be the limit of
securities regardless of rate. So just wondering if you thought about a constraint on the securities book?
And then also embedded in the securities book, the CMBS portfolio has kind of crept up. Now it's just
under 60% of the available for sale. Didn't know if there -- it's all agency or predominantly agency, but
didn't know if there's a concentration limit that you have on that portfolio as well.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks for the question, David. The short answer is that when we look at the excess liquidity, call
it, $30 billion, we expect 1/3 of it to go into the securities portfolio, a 1/3 of it into loans, a 1/3 of it, we
think, while deposits in the banking system may not decline, we do expect those deposits to find a more
productive home, perhaps money market funds or other investment vehicles. So for us, we're running at
18% or so in the securities book as a percent of total assets. So if we take, call it, $10 billion of the excess
liquidity and put it into the book, we're at 23%, 24%. That's where I'd like to operate at somewhere 23%
to 25% of total assets, but it's not a capacity constraint, it's more, I think, given the environment, that's
a more productive place to be. In terms of the CMBS, I think the heart of your question is what is the
non-agency CMBS portion of the portfolio, and that's $3.8 billion or so. And again, for us, it's super senior
tranches. We feel very good about the credit enhancement, 30-plus percent there. So not a large credit
risk position to have, whereas the rest of the CMBS book would be agency guaranteed.

Operator

At this time, there are no further questions. I would like to turn the floor back to management for any
additional or closing remarks.

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Angie, and thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third. Please contact the Investor Relations
department if you have any further questions.

Operator
Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 19, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

