FMC Corporation NYSE:FMC
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, November 03, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.11

1.22

Revenue  (mm)

1067.00

1084.60

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2020 10:47 AM GMT

9.91

1.65

1.71

6.50

7.36

1265.94

4742.67

5040.21

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.54

1.81

1.66

1.11

1.76

1.84

1.72

1.22

SURPRISE

14.29 %

1.66 %

3.61 %

9.91 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FMC CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew D. Sandifer
Executive VP & CFO

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Michael J. Wherley
Director of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Aleksey V. Yefremov
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Christopher John Kapsch
Loop Capital Markets LLC,
Research Division

Christopher S. Parkinson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Frank Joseph Mitsch
Fermium Research, LLC

Joel Jackson
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Laurent Guy Favre
Exane BNP Paribas, Research
Division

Mark William Connelly
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Steve Byrne
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FMC CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning and welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call for FMC Corporation. This event is
being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Michael Wherley, Director of Investor Relations for FMC
Corporation. Please go ahead, sir.

Michael J. Wherley
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to FMC Corporation's Third Quarter Earnings Call.
Joining me today are Mark Douglas, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andrew Sandifer, Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

Mark will review our third quarter performance followed by a review of our business in Asia and the
outlook for the rest of the year. Andrew will provide an overview of select financial results. Following the
prepared remarks, we will take questions.

Our earnings release and today's slide presentation are available on our website, and the prepared
remarks from today's discussion will be made available after the call. Let me remind you that today's
presentation and discussion will include forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks
and uncertainties concerning specific factors, including, but not limited to, those factors identified in our
earnings release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Information presented
represents our best judgment based on today's understanding. Actual results may vary based upon these
risks and uncertainties.

Today's discussion and the supporting and materials will include references to adjusted EPS, adjusted
EBITDA, adjusted cash from operations, free cash flow and organic revenue growth, all of which are
non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that as used in today's discussion, earnings means adjusted
earnings and EBITDA means adjusted EBITDA. A reconciliation and definition of these terms as well as
other non-GAAP financial terms to which we may refer during today's conference call are provided on our
website.

With that, I will now turn the call over to Mark.

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. The third quarter was an exceptional quarter for our
company. Even in the face of persistent challenges posed by COVID-19 and severe headwinds from foreign
currencies, we grew our revenue by 15% organically, EBITDA by 20%, and EPS by 30%. This performance
highlights our portfolio strength, balanced geographic and crop exposure as well as a sharp focus on
execution and costs.

On the latter point, as we progressed through the quarter, we saw the Brazilian season was getting off to a
very slow start due to hot dry weather which, in turn, made it difficult to get the pricing we had planned to
offset the FX headwinds. To counter this situation, we have aggressively managed costs in the quarter and
were able to achieve the strong overall performance.

Let me now turn to the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on our business. As we said last quarter, all our
manufacturing facilities and distribution warehouses remain operational and fully staffed. The majority
of FMC's other employees continue working from home, but some have returned to certain offices and
laboratories where permitted by local authorities. We have had 0 COVID-19 transmissions in our facilities
and continue using a variety of best practices to address risks.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FMC CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

While we saw very strong demand for our products in all 4 regions of the world in the quarter, there
were pockets of demand reduction related to the pandemic. This impacted certain cotton and fruit and
vegetable markets. We expect this level of localized disruption to continue in the fourth quarter and
potentially into 2021.

Following the outperformance in Q3 and with our outlook for Q4, we are raising the midpoints of our
EBITDA, EPS and free cash flow guidance and tightening these ranges. Underlying demand for our
products remains healthy, supplemented by market access expansion, new registrations and an increasing
impact from our pricing actions as we entered Q4.

Turning to our Q3 results on Slide 3. We reported nearly $1.1 billion in third quarter revenue, which
reflects a 7% increase on a reported basis and 15% organic growth. After removing the FX impact, our
business saw double-digit growth in India, Australia, Pakistan, Brazil, Germany, Italy and Canada.

Adjusted EBITDA was $263 million, an increase of 20% compared to the prior year period. EBITDA
margins were 24.2%, an increase of 260 basis points compared to the prior year, driven primarily by cost
control measures.

Adjusted EPS was $1.22 in the quarter, an increase of 30% versus Q3 2019. This year-over-year
performance was driven mostly by the increase in EBITDA, while much smaller impacts from D&A, interest
expense, tax rate, non-controlling interest and share count largely offset each other. Similarly, relative to
our Q3 guidance, the $0.12 beat was driven almost entirely by our $18 million EBITDA outperformance
versus the midpoint.

Moving now to Slide 4. Q3 revenue increased by 7% versus prior year despite an 8% FX headwind as
higher volumes contributed 12% to growth and pricing, another 3%. In Asia, revenue increased 16%
year-over-year and 19% excluding FX, partially due to favorable weather conditions in both India and
Australia. Sales in India grew over 20% organically as the good monsoon drove demand from growers of
rice, soybeans, pulses, sugarcane and fruit and vegetables in the south and central markets. Herbicide
sales in Australia were up over 50%, led by cereals and canola. Pakistan also grew in double digits, driven
primarily by insecticides in rice and corn.

In North America, sales increased 8% year-over-year, driven by increased planted areas in soybean,
corn and rice as well as continued market expansion of our fungicides Lucento and Ryn. Sales in Canada
were robust, driven by cereal herbicide blends from our patented precision pack technology as well as
insecticides. We broke a record in Canada this year for acres using precision pack products. Elevest, the
formulation based on Rynaxypyr insect control and bifenthrin, is doing very well in its first launch year.
Heading into the winter, our U.S. channel inventories are in better position compared to a year ago, which
should lead to good restocking later in the fourth quarter.

Sales in EMEA increased 10% year-over-year and there was no FX impact. We saw strong demand for
Rynaxypyr insect control applications for specialty crops as well as Battle Delta herbicide for cereals,
particularly in France and Germany.

Latin America sales grew 1% year-over-year and 18% excluding FX. Grower sentiment is strong but the
season started very slowly due to hot and dry weather in Brazil, Argentina and Paraguay. Pricing actions
across the region offset some of the currency headwind, although we expect pricing to have a larger
positive impact in Q4 than it did in Q3.

In Brazil, sales grew double digits organically led by our growth in the soybean market. Due to the late
start in Brazil, channel inventories are higher than normal for this point of the year for us and the industry.
We fully expect this will be worked down as planting catches up now that the rains have returned.
Mexico sales grew organically but were still impacted somewhat by COVID-19-related pressures on the
growers that export fruit and vegetables. Sales in the Andean zone grew significantly as conditions in that
submarket improved.

Turning now to the third quarter EBITDA bridge on Slide 7. We had very strong operational performance
as a $70 million contribution from volume, a $34 million contribution from lower costs and a $26 million
benefit from higher pricing more than offset an $86 million FX headwind. The volume contribution was

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FMC CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

double what we had forecast, partially due to the robust market growth in India and Australia. In addition,
stronger-than-anticipated volume growth in Brazil was also a key driver. However, this did drive an
increase in the FX headwind in the quarter.

We had significant cost savings in the quarter, well above guidance given on our last call. Approximately
$8 million of the $34 million cost savings you see on this bridge are costs that were delayed into Q4. We
had excellent cost discipline, including additional accelerated SAP synergies.

Taking a step back now, we'll turn to Slide 6. As we did for Latin America last year, I'm going to highlight
a region where we are seeing significant growth. Asia may be the most diverse of our 4 regions and
therefore it is the most complicated to understand. We are currently the fourth largest crop protection
chemical provider in the region with sales of around $1.1 billion in a $16 billion market for about a 7%
market share. This region is the most seasonally balanced as before, mainly because it has significant
markets in both the northern and southern hemispheres.

We manage the Asia business in 5 subregions, with India and North Asia significantly larger than the other
3, but we do have aggressive goals to grow in all of them. Not surprisingly, rice makes up about 35% of
our sales in the region. In addition, fruits and vegetables are large and diverse set of crops spread across
all countries. Our crop diversity in Asia provides numerous opportunities to grow, and it also mitigates the
risk of our results being overly impacted by a poor season in any single crop. Similarly, our geographic mix
in the region is also very diverse.

Moving on Slide 7 for a look at how our Asia business has expanded since 2014. We have made 2 large
acquisitions since then, Cheminova in 2015 and the DuPont Crop Protection business in 2017. Through
these acquisitions, we added a large active ingredient manufacturing plant in India and 2 active ingredient
manufacturing plants in China, along with several formulation plants, R&D labs and field trial sites across
the region. Total sales were about $350 million in 2014, while this year, we expect it to be about $1.1
billion. This is in part due to a fundamental restructuring of our India business, which we implemented in
2018, that enabled increased market penetration and efficiencies that improved profitability significantly.

I'll walk through some of the subregion highlights to provide color on the crop diversity, country exposure
and recent commercial activities we have in the region. The 5 subregions include Australia and New
Zealand, Southwest Asia, North Asia, ASEAN and India. In the Australia and New Zealand subregion,
our annual revenue was about $100 million to $130 million in a $2 billion market. Our market access
model is via large distribution and retail companies supported by our own sales groups. Australia is
predominantly a cereals market, we are therefore very excited to be preparing for our launch of Isoflex
Overwatch Herbicide in 2021 crop season. Earlier this year, we began engaging retailers with a large-scale
demonstration plot program. Isoflex is a new mode of action in cereals, and it delivers high performance
on weeds that are developing resistance to the other herbicides in the marketplace.

The Southwest Asia subregion, encompassing Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Myanmar, is the
smallest market of the 5, but our annual revenue of approximately $110 million to $140 million equates to
a market share of approximately 30%. In Pakistan, we have a unique market access model comprised of
FMC-owned retail outlets selling our full range of products. This model has facilitated our growth to be the
market leader. We see rapid Rynaxypyr insect control expansions for sugarcane and corn applications.

Moving to the North Asia subregion, which includes China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan, we have annual
revenue of approximately $290 million to $320 million in a $9 billion market. In Korea, we successfully
launched ACCUDO biostimulants in 2019 for use in fruits and vegetables, and we are preparing to launch 2
new microbial biopesticides later this year. In Japan, we've seen strong demand for diamides, particularly
in the rice nursery box segment. In China, the market is highly fragmented. Our business is focused on
rice and fruits and vegetables. Due to the customer fragmentation, we go to market via local distribution
and retail companies.

The ASEAN subregion includes Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia, Malaysia
and Singapore. In all these countries, we work through local distribution and retail companies. This is
especially important in the large Indonesian market given its fragmented geographical nature. In 2020,
we also expanded our market access to additional parts of Indonesia, similar to what we have done in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FMC CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

India. In this subregion, we have an annual revenue of about $110 million to $140 million in a $2 billion
market. We see stronger Rynaxypyr insect control sales for rice as well as growth of Cyazypyr on food and
vegetables, driven by label extensions.

Moving finally to the India subregion, which generates approximately $370 million to $400 million in
annual revenue for us. On Slide 8, we take a deeper dive into this $3 billion market, which has significant
structural opportunities for agricultural growth. To start, it has more arable land than any other country
in the world. In fact, India has 30% more arable land than China and nearly twice as much as Brazil. This
presents incredible growth opportunities for FMC with our very strong footprint and market penetration.

You can see in the center of this slide that yields are very low in India, driven by low usage of crop inputs.
On the rice, for example, India's yield per acre is half of that of Brazil and less than 1/3 of the yield in
China. On corn, India's yield is half of that of Brazil and less than 20% of the yield seen in the U.S. The
market is dominated by small growers who do not have the scale to mechanize their operations. That
being said, there are meaningful growth opportunities as these small growers recognize the benefits of
investing more in crop inputs.

Moving to Slide 9. India today is about a $3 billion market for crop protection, and we see market growth
of 6% through 2025, taking the market to nearly $4 billion by that time. Insecticides make up about
45% of the market today, with herbicides and fungicides about 20% each and plant health and biologicals
making up the remaining 15%. As you can see on the right side of this slide, the crop mix is similar to
that of the Asia region, with rice and fruit vegetables making up nearly 60% of the market. In a market
that is highly fragmented by both geography and a multitude of crops, there are, as we said, significant
opportunities to grow.

In India, we have a unique market access model. We have exclusive distribution with 5 major companies
that are supported by sales and marketing resources to drive geographical and portfolio growth. This
model is currently under expansion as we look to service all of the India market. FMC has developed
commercial initiatives in India to expand our market share. This includes crop and geographic expansion
of our diamide brands such as Coragen and Ferterra as well as 8 new herbicide and fungicide launches
since 2018 that are expected to drive sales of $70 million by 2023.

And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Andrew.

Andrew D. Sandifer
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Thanks, Mark. Let me start this morning with a few highlights from the income statement. FX
was a larger-than-anticipated headwind to revenue growth in Q3 at 8% versus our expectation of a
6% headwind. The Brazilian real was the vast majority of this headwind followed by the Indian rupee,
Argentinian peso, Pakistan rupee and Turkish lira. We took substantial pricing actions and were able to
recover about 1/3 of the FX headwind in the quarter. We continue to expect FX headwinds to remain at
an elevated level throughout 2020, with pricing covering about half of the FX headwind at revenue in the
year.

Interest expense for the third quarter was $35.5 million, down $6.1 million from the prior year period
benefiting from lower term loan balance outstanding, lower LIBOR rates and lower foreign debt balances.
These were partially offset by higher bonds outstanding following the debt offering we completed in the
prior year quarter. We now anticipate interest expense between $150 million and $155 million for the full
year. Our effective tax rate on adjusted earnings for the third quarter was 13.5%. We now expect our full
year tax rate to be in the range of 13% to 14%, with the midpoint consistent with the tax rate through the
first 3 quarters of the year.

Moving next to the balance sheet and liquidity. Gross debt at quarter end was $3.2 billion, down $300
million from the prior quarter, with strong free cash flow leading to lower short-term financing needs.
We continued to carry some excess cash due to heightened uncertainty caused by the COVID pandemic.
Gross debt to trailing 12 months EBITDA was 2.5x at the end of the third quarter, or 2.4x if you consider

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FMC CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

the nearly $175 million of surplus cash on the balance sheet. This is consistent with our targeted annual
average leverage of 2.5x or less.

Moving on to Slide 10 to cover cash flow and cash deployment. Free cash flow for the third quarter was
$315 million, up more than 50% from the prior year period. Adjusted cash from operations was up $75
million, with growth in trade working capital more than offset by higher EBITDA, lower change in other
assets and liabilities and lower cash interest. Collections continued to be strong in the quarter, surpassing
our expectations. Capital additions were down $27 million, consistent with our updated expectations for
full year investment. Legacy and transformation spending was down $15 million due to the timing of
expenses and ramp down of our transformation efforts.

For the 9 months ended September 30, free cash flow of $148 million is nearly $230 million higher than
the prior year period. Change in other assets and liabilities, lower cash interest and taxes, lower capital
investments as well as growth in EBITDA, above-growth in trade working capital all contributed to the
year-on-year improvement. As we look to year-end, we are raising our full year free cash flow guidance to
a range of $475 million to $525 million, an increase of nearly $200 million at the midpoint versus the prior
year period. We anticipate deploying more than $170 million of free cash flow in the fourth quarter.

We paid $57 million in dividends on October 15, closed on the $65 million acquisition of the remaining
rights to the fungicide Fluindapyr in early October and expect to repurchase $50 million of FMC shares. We
resumed share repurchases at the beginning of October and have completed $20 million of repurchases to
date. By year-end, we will have deployed nearly $350 million of free cash flow while maintaining excess
liquidity throughout the pandemic. This includes the $115 million being deployed in Q4 on the acquisition
and share repurchases as well as the nearly $230 million that will be returned to shareholders this year via
dividend.

Moving next to Slide 11. FMC is making good progress in both improving our free cash flow conversion
from earnings as well as growing the absolute amount of free cash flow we generate. As you can see
on the left-hand side of the slide, at the midpoint of our increased guidance range, we now expect to
improve cash conversion by 21 percentage points compared to last year, while growing cash flow by
nearly $200 million. We continue to believe that we have substantial headroom to improve further on both
free cash conversion and the absolute free cash flow we generate, particularly as we complete our SAP
implementation and end the period of high cash spending on transformation efforts this year.

On the right-hand side of this page, you can also see the breakdown of free cash flow generation by
semester for last year and this year. Note that the seasonality is similar on both years with negative
free cash flow in the first half of the year and strongly positive free cash flow in the second half, so an
improvement in both semesters in 2020 versus 2019.

Finally, a quick update on progress in implementing our new SAP system. Our final go-live is underway as
we speak, with the remaining 40% of FMC moving on to the new system this month. Following this go-
live, we'll have a single modern system across the entire company for the first time in our history, which
will enable significant efficiencies in our back-office processes. As we prepare for this final go-live, we've
accelerated more synergies than were planned for 2021 into 2020. We continue to expect total synergies
of $60 million to $80 million from implementing the new system. And we now expect to capture $50
million in energies in 2020, with the remaining $10 million to $30 million to be achieved largely in 2021.

And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Mark.

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Andrew. Turning now to overall market conditions. With only a couple of months left to go in
2020, we continue to expect the global crop protection market will be flat to down slightly on a U.S. dollar
basis, although our view on the regions has changed slightly. The outlook for Europe continues to worsen
following a hot dry summer, and we now believe that market will be down low single digits year-over-
year versus flat in our prior forecast. Offsetting this, we expect the Asian market to be up low single digits
versus our prior forecast of being down slightly due to much better weather conditions in India, Australia

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FMC CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

and ASEAN. Our forecast for Latin America and North American markets are unchanged at down to low
mid-single digits and up low single digits, respectively. All these forecasts are for end market, not FMC,
and are in U.S. dollars.

Moving to Slide 12 and the review of FMC's full year 2020 and Q4 earnings outlook. As I said earlier, we
are raising our guidance for the full year. We are still facing significant FX headwinds and impacts on both
cost and demand from the global pandemic, but the underlying demand for our products and our ability to
control costs led to our improved outlook.

FMC full year 2020 earnings are now expected to be in the range of $6.45 to $6.57 per diluted share, a
year-over-year increase of 7% at the midpoint and $0.06 above prior guidance.

The $50 million in share repurchases planned for the fourth quarter will not impact our full year share
count as the buybacks are too late in the year to alter the math for the EPS calculation.

2020 revenue is forecasted to be in the range of $4.72 billion to $4.78 billion, an increase of 3% at the
midpoint versus 2019 and 9% organic growth. We believe the strength of our portfolio will allow us to
deliver high single-digit organic growth, continuing a multiyear trend of above-market performance.

EBITDA is now expected to be in the range of $1.295 billion to $1.315 billion, which represents a 7% year-
over-year growth at the midpoint.

The guidance for Q4 implies a year-over-year sales growth of 5% at the midpoint on a reported basis
and 10% organically, led by continued strength in Asia in addition to the global strength of our diamides
business. We are forecasting EBITDA growth of 8% year-over-year at the midpoint. EPS growth is
forecasted to be flat year-over-year, limited by the large positive tax adjustment in Q4 2019.

Turning to Slide 13 and full year EBITDA and revenue drivers. Revenue is expected to benefit from 6%
volume growth, with the largest growth in Asia and Latin America, and a 3% contribution from higher
prices. FX is forecasted to be a 6% top line headwind.

We have raised our EBITDA guidance by $10 million at the midpoint, reflecting the outperformance in
Q3 while recognizing the delay of 8 million of costs into Q4. We now expect a higher contribution from
volume growth, and we are also generating higher cost savings as well as earlier realization of some SAP
synergies.

We now forecast an FX headwind of $247 million for the full year versus $230 million in our prior forecast.
On an EBITDA basis, we now expect pricing to cover over 55% of the FX impact in the year and pricing will
come from all regions led by Latin America.

Moving on Slide 14 where you see the Q4 drivers. On the revenue line, pricing and volume are expected
to drive the top line strength. And regarding EBITDA drivers, pricing will have a larger impact in Q4 than it
did in Q3.

To wrap up, we executed very well in the quarter, both from an external perspective in driving demand
across all regions but also, importantly, internally by focusing on cost control and delivering critical
activities that will drive our future performance. This includes preparing our go-live of SAP, continuing to
drive our R&D pipeline forward and keeping priority capital projects on track. Q4 is an important quarter
for cash and we are focused on cash generation as well as demand generation. We remain confident in our
ability to drive above-market performance once again.
And with that, I'll now turn the call back to the operator for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FMC CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

And the first question today will be from Christopher Parkinson with Crédit Suisse.

Christopher S. Parkinson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So on the free cash flow conversion front, there's still a few moving parts, but your -- it appears you're
definitely moving in the right direction. Just given your more stringent definition, can you just give us
an update on some of the key initiatives you are mentioning as well as some low-hanging fruit which
still exist for '21 and even '22? Just anything that could further assist us in the pathway to over 80%
conversion eventually.

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Yes, let me just give a couple of high-level comments before Andrew jumps in on the details.

One of the reasons you're seeing us move our free cash flow conversion and ultimately the dollars is -- the
reason -- I think one of the primary reasons is the focus we've placed on cash as an organization. I think
it's important to note that all the executives and senior managers now have a free cash flow component in
the long-term incentive rewards for the company. And I do believe that, that has helped change our view
of free cash flow and how we go about delivering that for the company. So that's an important backdrop
for everybody on the call as to how you think about us driving not only earnings but also free cash flow.
Andrew, do you want to talk about a couple of the drivers there?

Andrew D. Sandifer
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. And thanks, Mark. I think certainly a strong quarter and year-to-date on cash flow for us this year.
That very strong focus, as Mark is talking to, you see that in the way we've been able to manage the
growth of working capital in particular. Also been benefited by some deferral cash tax items under the
CARES Act and lower cash interest based on the refinancing and lower rates that we've seen.

As I think about free cash flow and from a big picture perspective, I think, Chris, as to your opening
comment and certainly just to level-set, when FMC is talking about free cash flow, we're literally talking
about the cash that's left over to either pay dividends, buy back shares or make small acquisitions like the
Fluindapyr fungicide acquisition that we closed in October. Everything else is built into that number, all of
the legacy liabilities, all of the investments that's required to continue growing the business. So we really
are driving towards what we have in terms of free cash flow that can be deployed.

As we look to 2021, certainly we fully intend to take advantage of the new SAP system which will give
us some new tools and a much better visibility into working capital to continue to drive working capital
improvement. But structurally speaking, and certainly, we're spending over $100 million this year in
cash to finish out the SAP implementation and finalize all of our transformation efforts resulting from the
acquisition of the DuPont business. That $100 million is a tailwind to the cash flow going into 2021.

Now there's always other moving parts. CapEx is a bit lower this year, so there might be -- I certainly
should expect a bit of a tick-up in CapEx next year. The legacy portion should be relatively stable. And
then the remainder will be driven by our effectiveness and organic growth and driving that increase in
growth and sales to cash flow.

So I think people should continue to expect that we show progress on that trajectory. And we think this
business should be in the 70% to 80% in the midterm and above that in the long term for a free cash flow
conversion.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FMC CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Certainly, I just thought but not to steal too much thunder, I'm going to grab a few minutes at our
upcoming Investor Day in 2 weeks. While it's largely focused on R&D, we'll spend a few minutes to talk
about cash flow, cash conversion and capital deployment policies in that event as well.

Operator

The next question will be from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

You had a big impact of FX in Latin America. There was a negative 17%. Can you go back to your hedging
strategy? I know that you have an elaborate and well-thought-out hedging strategy. You hedge as orders
come in. Can you just kind of describe that? Are you trying to hedge revenues, net income? And just talk
us through that and what happened in the quarter.

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Sure, Peter. I'll let Andrew talk about the details of the hedging policy, which we've talked about on a
couple of calls previously.

I do think though overall, when you have these types of movements, whether it's short-term volatility
or a long-term movement in the currency, price is the most effective weapon for closing that FX gap. I
mean hedging obviously helps. It is important for us to understand what we believe the performance of
the company will be and hedging allows us to do that. It is complicated, make no mistake, but I think we
do a pretty good job of managing that exposure. But it really comes down to the commercial groups to
manage the price list and how they move price in any one jurisdiction. Andrew, do you want to talk about
the hedging policy?

Andrew D. Sandifer
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Thanks, Mark. I think, look, our hedging policy, our hedging program is all designed around
increasing the probability of being able to deliver against our guidance, from the expectations that we set.
There is no hedging program that can protect you fully from year-on-year changes in currency at any kind
of economic basis. So we're not trying to go to 0 FX impact. We're trying to maintain an FX impact within
a range that we can manage through the rest of the P&L through the pricing actions and business that we
have.

Our hedging approach has been pretty well in place for several years now. We start from anticipation of
sales to the time we give guidance through entering in commercial terms with customers, through the
time we actually issue an invoice and create receivable. And while the specific tools and levels that we
hedge out vary each part of that life cycle, we have a very high coverage all the way up to 100% once we
have a receivable on the book.

Looking at Q3 specifically, when you look at what we guided coming into the quarter, we had expected
it at EBITDA about a $60 million headwind from FX. It ended up being about an $86 million headwind
from FX. Part of that is, again, no hedging program covers 100% of the movements and there were
some movements beyond from what we anticipated. But the real driver was we ended up seeing some
opportunities to grab more business, and the mix of business in Latin America being more heavily
denominated in BRL than what we had forecasted. So with that higher volume of BRL-denominated sales,
each one of those sales brings with an increased amount of FX headwind.

So the real delta in the quarter was the impact of higher volumes. And again I think we're happy with the
way the hedge program is performing. It again doesn't take all the risk off the table, never can, but it does
help us increase our ability to manage the performance of the company to meet the expectations that
we're setting.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FMC CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

And the next question will come from Laurent Favre with Exane BNP.

Laurent Guy Favre
Exane BNP Paribas, Research Division

My question is on pricing. I guess 2 parts. The first one, maybe could you talk about the, I guess, staying
to the points earlier around the bridge, what do you think you came out a bit lightly versus the guidance
on Q3 pricing, plus 3% versus plus 6%? But more importantly, how do you feel about pricing going into
Q4 and 2021 in terms of inventories, especially in the Northern Asia?

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Laurent. Let's take the first one first, the Q3 pricing. I said it in the script, and we certainly
saw this as we rolled through Q3 into Q4, the Brazilian market was extremely stressed. We probably think
that market was delayed by about 30 days in terms of planting. It was just so hot and dry, unprecedented
weather. That causes all sorts of frictions in the channel as you can imagine. And our ability to move price
to the degree that we thought, it was just not as we had planned when we gave guidance in early August.
So we responded to that. We had opportunities in the marketplace, especially in the soy complex to go
and move volumes, which we did very successfully, but we didn't get as much price.

Now what does that mean going forward? Well, certainly, the price lists going forward for Q4, we are at a
higher level because that's already been negotiated. So we do have confidence in the prices going forward.
But we covered about 55% of the total impact of FX in the year. It's going to take us through part of next
year and all the way into the next -- beginning of the next season in Brazil to recover the rest of that,
assuming that FX stays where it is today. You just don't recover those sort of increases in one season. It is
just too much and you can't expect the grower to absorb that.

We will continue in Latin America to push price as we go through this season. And also we're looking at
price, and we'll be looking at price in the other regions as they come into their new season in 2021. So
expect us to be on this all the way through next year, and then we'll wait and see where we get to in Q3
next year for the 2021, '22 season in Latin America.

On the other part of your question, Laurent, was channel inventories. I'll get a quick run around the
well because I'm sure there are other people that have that same question in mind. In North America,
particularly in the U.S., we feel we're in much better shape than we were a year ago. We were very
explicit as we went through this year the fact that we felt, following the very poor year in 2019 in terms
of weather, that we had more preemergent herbicide channel inventory than we would like. And that was
the case. We've been very diligent in drawing that down this year, and we feel very confident that the
levels we're at now, our average levels where we can compete from a channel inventory perspective. And
it should bode very well for a good restocking at the end of this year, getting ready for the U.S. season in
Q1.

In Europe, I believe channel inventories are high. Not everywhere, but just given the weather conditions,
especially in Northern Europe, I expect that herbicides -- some herbicides, some insecticides and certain
fungicides will be high in Europe. It's something we're going to have to watch out for as we go into the
next season starting in Q1.

In Asia, I think India is in good shape. Monsoon was very, very good, so a lot of drawdown of inventories
there, not that they were particularly high. ASEAN has improved a lot. Indonesia is looking much better
now, more average for us. Australia has really got back on track, excellent season given the drought we've
seen for the last 2 or 3 years. So Australia is good.

I would say more inventory than we would like in China. For those of you that watched the situation, there
was significant flooding during this season which did reduce demand. So we think China is a little heavy on
inventory.

And then moving down to Latin America, obviously, Brazil is the major focus there. Right now, inventories
are high but that's got nothing to do with how we feel about the market. Grower sentiment is very strong.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FMC CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

We expect acreage to increase once again. Local prices are strong. So the market is very buoyant. It is
just purely a delay in the usage of products at this point.

Put it in perspective for you, I can tell you, we always look at how much we're selling and what the market
can take. And we have not sold more than the market can take in Brazil. So we feel very confident that
once the planting really gets going, which it is now, the rains have arrived, that Brazil will be in much
better shape as we end the season.

Operator

And the next question is from Stephen Byrne with Bank of America Securities.

Steve Byrne
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Yes. Your deep dive in India was very interesting. It would seem that the Indian government is pretty
supportive of ag, the subsidized crop prices and fertilizers. I was curious to your view as to whether
there's any kind of a structural reason why crop chemical use is as low as you highlight. The distributors
that you use there, do they provide any agronomic advice similar to what Syngenta is rolling out in China?
Or might you consider expanding your retail network that you have in neighboring Bangladesh roll over
into India, is that a possibility?

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think -- Steve, thanks for the question. Listen, I think it is such a fragmented market that, that
whole complex of offering advice and developing the market itself has been slow to uptake. I think the
value of the goods now are getting to a point where the growers see the impetus for improving both the
fertilizer usage, crop protection, the seed quality. They're exporting more from that market, so therefore
there is more of an incentive to invest.

We certainly, from an agronomic advice, given the fact that our 4 distributor partners plus the sales and
marketing force that we have there do give agronomic advice to the growers to help them improve their
yield and educate the growers on what is happening. I don't see us going to a model where we have FMC
stores in India. There's a difference between the Pakistan market and the India market. The India market
is just so much bigger and more fragmented. We did a lot of business prior to the DuPont acquisition
through small retailers, and I can tell you, a lot of people focus on the P&L for the business. But when
you're going direct to retailers in places like India, you have to have a large balance sheet to support that.
And we felt that was not the right way to go, so we took the 5 distributor model and expanded it. But I
don't see us going to FMC stores in India. I don't think that's the right model for us in that country.

Operator

And the next question is from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So I was hoping, Mark, Andrew, just to get a reflection a little bit, year-to-date, the -- and what's
implied in the guidance just isn't clear -- pretty clear, kind of the outgrowth that FMC is continuing
versus the global crop protection market. Just I'd love to get your kind of view on kind of the key drivers
and the sustainability, whether it's just product, it's geographic exposure, just kind of your channel
inventory position. Just how you think about your outgrowth versus the market this year and kind of the
sustainability of that?

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, so a couple of things. First of all, just the way you think about our business, and I know we talk
about this a lot, but that geographic balance and the crop balance is very important. Plus the fact that if

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FMC CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

you think about the size of our business, we're roughly almost $5 billion in a $58 billion market. We have
9% market share, 8% to 9%. There is plenty of room for FMC to grow. We don't need the market to be
growing mid-single digits for us to grow up mid-single digits.

I think the whole area of how we're expanding our franchise -- and I'm not just talking about the
diamides, I'm talking about the pipeline of products that's coming, the crops that we have. I've talked
before about the number of registrations that we continue to add to our portfolio, which drives that future
growth.

If you think about products this year, we have about $70 million of new revenue from products that were
launched this year. So that's what, 1.5%, almost 2% of revenue growth just from products that we're
launching without the rest of the portfolio moving into new crops.

So that geographic expansion is very important. Not only are we're seeing that in India as we've been very
deliberate in moving out to certain parts of the country where we've not had presence, we're doing it in
Indonesia, we're looking at our China business in terms of which provinces we need to expand into and
then, surprisingly enough, we're still doing it in Brazil. We are looking at market access in different parts of
Brazil, how do we take more share with the quality of the portfolio.

So it's not one silver bullet. There are a number of components that we have to keep working on to
continue to drive this outperformance of the market. And we strongly believe we can continue to do that.

Operator

The next question is from Mark Connelly with Stephens.

Mark William Connelly
Stephens Inc., Research Division

I was hoping we could come back to the pricing question for a moment. You've obviously got a pretty
amazing record of offsetting FX costs in Brazil over time. And that doesn't look difficult this time with how
strong farmers are. But with your discussion of Asia, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about
how pricing is evolving in that market given that so much of that market has a historical bias towards
generics and pricing has been difficult there in the past.

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Mark. You can see when we talked about the FX impact, Andrew highlighted that the BRL was
one of the major impacts. But there were a number of other currencies there, most of them in Asia. We do
move price and have moved price in Asia this year. Not as robustly as Brazil given the size of that market,
but we do get price.

I think what you've got to think about in terms of the generic side of this business, we -- if you look at
our business today, if you think about third-party products, which for us are essentially how you think
about the generic -- how we think about generics, that's probably only about 5% of our total portfolio. So
competing with generics is one thing when you compete with the same technology, competing with what
we call value in use, so the value that the grower gets from using your products through either removing a
pest to improve yield or productivity, that's where the real core of the business is. It is that value that the
growers wish to protect.

And think about it. Generally, prices are looking better. I know people always focus on soy and corn
in the U.S. markets or in the Brazilian market. But where we are around the world, rice prices are not
particularly bad. Sugar prices are not particularly bad. Fruit and vegetable prices are moving all over the
place, given the demand has changed due to COVID. But generally speaking, growers in Asia now are
looking at being more profitable, and therefore are willing to spend on the higher quality inputs that drive
that yield and profitability. So we think of it that way rather than the generic market itself.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FMC CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

And the next question will be from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Maybe just to get back to the Asia or India discussion a little bit. Just wondering sort of as you look at
the growth plan there, how much of it is just going to come down to continuing to penetrate your existing
molecules versus is there going to be -- and I don't want to front-run your R&D day either, but is there
going to be a story about some of the new products that are going to have good applicability there? Or is
there also maybe an M&A roll-up opportunity in the region that might make sense? Or is it a bit of all 3?

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's a bit of the first 2, not necessarily the last one, I think, Vincent. Yes, we do have geographic
expansion and also crop expansion in India. Those fruit and vegetable markets themselves are highly
fragmented. So we've talked before, as I said about the registration profile and how we're increasing that,
India plays a significant role in getting our products onto more crops in different parts of the country.
Certainly, I'm not going to go into all the details of the pipeline. We're going to do that in 2 weeks. But
yes, the pipeline has applicability in India.

I also think there are some agronomic changes going on that we see that are benefiting us. I'll give you
an example. In Brazil, the sugarcane business is highly mechanized. In India, it is not, yet there are labor
shortages. So in Brazil, where we are a leading provider of herbicides for the sugarcane market, we're
now building a preemergent herbicide business in sugarcane in -- and in India, which is a brand market.
It used to be manually controlled, and now they're using -- starting to use preemergent herbicide. That's
a great example of a market that didn't exist a few years ago that is now growing rapidly, and we can
transfer technology and know-how from Brazil to India.

And in fact in the past, in the past few years, we have had India sugarcane growers go to Brazil to see the
difference between the agronomic practices. That's all investment that allows us to continue to expand our
market share and market growth.

Operator

And the next question will be from John Roberts with UBS.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Maybe just to give us a little bit of preview of your Technology Day, it sounds like you're having good
success in the combinations of the diamides. Maybe you could comment what percent of the diamide sales
are currently in combinations. And what would you think that will be a few years from now?

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes, John. We don't actually break out what are straight products versus what are formulated products,
but certainly we are having success. We talked about the Elevest we just launched. We've got a couple of
others coming this year. I don't think it will ever make up the vast majority of our sales into this space.
But certainly as we fragment the market, and some of the partners that we're working with, as they look
at the sales, they are also likely to have mixture products that they will use. So it may not be that FMC
has those mixture partners or those formulated products, but our partner companies will have. So you
will see a growth in that part of the market but we might not necessarily have that ourselves. We will
have some, obviously, because we're working on that, but I think the general market itself will continue to
fragment with more formulated-type products.

Operator

Your next question is from Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FMC CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Frank Joseph Mitsch
Fermium Research, LLC

An impressive result here in the third quarter. So as I look at your results for this year and the guidance
for the fourth quarter, it really looks like things are accelerating in the back half of the year. So that
naturally gets my mind thinking about the first half of next year and some of this accelerated growth in
your results in the back half of this year on a run rate basis probably implies a pretty good first half of
2021. Am I thinking about that correctly? How would you handicap kind of the run rate hanging into next
year?

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes. You can't -- Frank, you can't necessarily say that the first half of next year is the same as the second
half of this year purely because you look at our growth rates in Q3 and especially in Q4, Latin America and
Asia, in particular, play a significant role. Well, that Asia business is not necessarily as big in Q1 or Q2, not
far off, but certainly Latin America is much lower in Q1 and Q2 than Q3 and Q4. So I think you've got to
be careful in that we never look at the business sequentially. It's not something we do because we look at
it from a seasonality perspective.

Now do we have traction? Yes, obviously we do given the market growth rates. But we're right in the
middle of our budgeting process at this point. Just to give you sort of a broad view of the market itself
because I don't have FMC's internal numbers yet, but broadly speaking, the market this year is down low
single digits. I would expect the market next year to be sort of flattish. I think Europe should improve if
the season is anywhere near normal and everywhere else is kind of looking a little stronger. Latin America
looking a little stronger. I expect Asia will, too. The U.S. market, with prices for soft commodities where
they are today, China continues to buy, the U.S. market should look a little better next year. We'll see.

And then you've got our long-range plan. We pegged top line growth of 5% to 7%. Here we are through
our second year, we're right in the middle of that range from a 2-year growth rate perspective. People
should be thinking of FMC delivering in that 5% to 7% range and 7% to 9% for EBITDA going into next
year. I don't have the exact number, but certainly our long-range plan through 2023 is on track. That's
how you should be thinking about it.

Operator

And the next question is from Alex Yefremov with KeyBanc.

Aleksey V. Yefremov
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Just wanted to size the pricing versus FX opportunity into next year. From your 2020 bridge, it looks like
you're under-recovering about $100 million of EBITDA. Is that roughly equivalent to what you expect to
catch up next year?

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Difficult to say at this point, Aleksey. We are certainly working with Latin America or Asia to look at where
we're going to be on pricing. We haven't built that model out yet. But you're right. We are -- we have
recovered about 55%. We got about $100 million of pricing to go.

It all depends on what happens to FX. Does FX stay where it is? Given where the election is, does the
dollar strengthen or weaken after the election? All those things come into play. So I think it's a little early
to say there's a $100 million tailwind in pricing going into next year.

Operator

The next question is from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets.

Joel Jackson

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FMC CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Mark, you and your team have been engaging with investors more on ESG the last few months. Maybe
you can share some of the feedback you've heard, maybe some of the changes you might make and
things you might do or your outlook or your strategy on these conversations and externally and internally.

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Joel. Yes, listen, it's a subject that is very close to my heart. I passionately believe in
sustainability. And a company like ours with the marketplace that we operate in, I think there are
tremendous opportunities for us to position FMC as a sustainable company and a leader in this space.

You will have seen, we made an announcement in October, we've now put in place a Chief Sustainability
Officer. We're restructuring parts of the company to put that under our sustainability office. For me, it
ties so closely into the technology platform that we had, and we'll talk about that in 2 weeks' time at the
Technology Investor Day.

I think the feedback we're getting is there is an appetite and a discussion around the types of chemistries
that get used, the latest technologies, the more targeted technologies that are softer in chemistry, the
biological approach to crop protection is also gaining a lot of traction, and the combination of the 2 types
of chemistries together. And then there is the whole -- the carbon footprint of companies that come into
play, how we think about our waste in our utilities. They're all part of managing the company with the
expectations of the various stakeholders that we have.

So I do see it as an important aspect. You will see more from us. And we're putting out some pretty
ambitious goals for sustainability for the company that we will be reporting on, on a regular basis. So
more to come from this area.

Operator

And our final question will come from Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets.

Christopher John Kapsch
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Yes. Fairly straightforward one, and sorry if you touched on this already, but there's been some
incremental costs associated with the disruptions from COVID, supply chain expediting, getting, I guess,
your product closer to your customers ahead of time, so maybe even some working capital drag. I'm just
wondering if you see that normalizing into the 2021 season. If so, what kind of opportunity from either a
cost savings standpoint year-over-year or squeeze a little cash out of working capital?

Mark A. Douglas
President, CEO & Director

Yes. You're right. We have had that drag on costs. I think we said earlier on in the year, it was about $20
million of drag.

Frankly, I don't see that going away in the near term. When you look at what is happening in Europe
today in terms of sort of the second wave, we have already been extremely proactive ahead of the next
season of moving material to local warehouses distributed throughout Europe rather than the lower-cost
model where you use centralized warehousing. We're very cognizant of the fact that things are changing in
Europe. So we've been very proactive in putting those products out into the marketplace where we know
they're going to be needed and we have more of an opportunity to move them around. That entails cost.

Now that cost was built into this year, so I do -- I just expect it to kind of roll forward. I don't think you'll
see a tailwind from that. Given where we are, certainly Q1 is going to look very similar to Q4, I think. And
if we see that wave growing elsewhere, we'll do the same thing in terms of logistics, fast-moving products
around, et cetera.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FMC CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

So we're very much at the forefront of this. We're very proactive. We learned a lot over the last couple of
years. And we're applying those learnings, but they do come with an added cost.

Michael J. Wherley
Director of Investor Relations

Thanks for all the questions. I'd like to remind you about our Investor technology update call on November
17 to provide an update on our R&D pipeline. That's all the time we have for the call today. Thank you and
have a good day.

Operator
This concludes the FMC Corporation conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FMC CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

