Ford Motor Company NYSE:F
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 30, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(1.16)

(0.35)

Revenue  (mm)

15346.40

16622.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-29-2020 8:42 AM GMT

NM

8.31

0.00

(0.95)

0.60

32938.52

115913.11

138911.22

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.26

0.17

(0.06)

(1.16)

0.34

0.12

(0.23)

(0.35)

SURPRISE

30.77 %

(29.41 %)

NM

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James D. Farley
Chief Operating Officer

James Patrick Hackett
President, CEO & Director

Lynn Antipas Tyson
Executive Director of Investor
Relations

Timothy R. Stone
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Adam Michael Jonas
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Rod Avraham Lache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Dan Meir Levy
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Ryan J. Brinkman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Emmanuel Rosner
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Itay Michaeli
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

John Joseph Murphy
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Philippe Jean Houchois
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Sedarius, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this
time, I would like to welcome you to the Ford Motor Company Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions]

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Lynn Antipas Tyson, Executive Director of Investor
Relations.

Lynn Antipas Tyson
Executive Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Sedarius. Welcome, everyone, to Ford Motor Company's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call.
Presenting today are Jim Hackett, our President and CEO; and Tim Stone, our Chief Financial Officer. Also
joining us today for Q&A are Jim Farley, Chief Operating Officer; and Marion Harris, CEO of Ford Credit.
Jim Hackett will begin with some color on the quarter, and then Tim will talk about our results in more
depth, and then we'll turn to Q&A.

Our results discussed today include some non-GAAP references. These are reconciled to the most
comparable U.S. GAAP measure in the appendix of our earnings deck, which can be found along with the
rest of our earnings materials at shareholder.ford.com.

Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements about our expectations. Actual results may differ
from those stated, and the most significant factors that could cause actual results to differ are included on
Slide 23. In addition, unless otherwise noted, all comparisons are year-over-year. Company EBIT, EPS and
free cash flow are on an adjusted basis, and product mix is on a volume-weighted basis.

A quick update on 2 upcoming IR events. First, on Monday, August 3, RBC will host a fireside chat with us:
Tim Stone; Hau Thai-Tang, our Chief Product Development and Procurement Officer; and Gary Johnson,
our Chief Manufacturing and Labor Affairs Officer, will participate. And then on Wednesday, August 15,
Kumar Galhotra, President, Americas and International Markets Group, will participate in the Jefferies
Industrial Conference.

Now let me turn the call over to Jim Hackett.

James Patrick Hackett
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Lynn, and hello to everyone. In a moment, I will share with you how absolutely proud I am of
the way our team has performed during the COVID pandemic, which, of course, has challenged every
aspect of our business. But before I do, I don't want this moment to pass without giving some important
perspective on where Ford Motor Company stands relative to racial justice.

I've been heartened, frankly, to see our industry, like other industries, step up in the aftermath of the
killing of George Floyd. And of course, hand-in-hand with others, there's a deep outpouring of collective
grief and frustration that moved us all very deeply. It was much more than a moment in time that will
fade, but, rather, we must make it a turning point for our society. Ford is committed to leading from the
front with action to enable social mobility and economic success in the African-American community,
including programs in which the company has invested for more than a century.

The Ford Motor Company Fund, in particular, invests in a broad range of initiatives addressing social
justice, racism, inequality and economic opportunity, and we're looking forward to more opportunities to
effect positive change. In the past week since Mr. Floyd's death, I have met nightly with a small team of
people to think as deeply as possible about what has not worked in the past that we need to address in
the future. We've begun to map the experience of black lives at Ford and see areas where improvements
and enhancement would go a long way to address many of the concerns that have been voiced. Ford is

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

committed to leading from the front and taking action, and the results will prove themselves over time.
This is deeply a part of our culture and history. And the Ford Motor Company Fund, in particular, has
invested over many decades at the ground level to address issues of social justice, racism, inequality and
economic opportunity, and we look forward to sharing much more of this in the future.

Okay. So let me turn to the quarter, which I would summarize in 2 ways: first, strong execution in this
challenging environment; and second, meaningful progress on our plan to create a vibrant Ford Motor
Company with exciting products that people want and well positioned to capitalize on the new technology
and trends that are transforming our industry.

I couldn't be prouder, as I said, of the optimism and the effectiveness our team demonstrated managing
through and beyond the COVID crisis. From the start, I think Ford has distinguished itself on 3 principles:
protecting our team and doing our part to limit the spread of the virus, safeguarding the health of
our business and stepping up to build and supply much needed personal protective and health care
equipment. On all 3 counts, the team performed exceptionally well under difficult circumstances. The
strong execution enabled us to deliver much better financial results than we expected just 3 months ago.
For example, our team did a fantastic job safely restarting production, and wholesale exceeded targets.
Frankly, our focus on safety enabled our efficient restart as we followed our return-to-work playbook very,
very closely.

Our focus on safety also extended to our supply chain as we work directly with our suppliers and logistics
providers to minimize disruption. In addition, our team also worked hard on costs, including CapEx, which
helped reduce losses and cash burn in the quarter, and these factors are what led to our outperformance.

Another highlight of the quarter is our profitable commercial vehicle business. It continues to gain
share globally. And Ford Credit, it remains a pillar of strength for our customers and it's a competitive
advantage. Overall, I'm proud to tell you that the balance sheet remains extremely solid and positions us
to weather further disruptions and headwinds. Tim will provide further details in a moment on the balance
sheet.

Importantly, this intense focus on managing through the crisis has not knocked us off our mission to
author our own destiny and shape the future of Ford. Since our last earnings call, we have revealed the
all-new 2021 F-150 and our new Bronco family of vehicles. These vehicles, along with upcoming Mustang
Mach-E, represent Ford's modern product vision: highly desirable, iconic vehicles packed with innovation
and human-centered design features. And they're fully connected in ways that will enhance quality and
constantly improving ownership experience through fast, over-the-air updates.

Let me give you some color on the F-150. The all-new version we showed in June was born from decades
of deep focus on what customers want and new human-centered design capabilities that helped us invent
the unobvious features and capability customers will love and value. The new F-150 is packed with dozens
of new innovative features and upgrades that we believe will make this the market-leading truck for 43
years, and that's an even stronger proposition for our customers.

We're in great shape to launch the new one -- the new F-150 on time and with high quality, which, of
course, requires now changeover in our plants in Dearborn and Kansas City. Now the important sell-down
of the current model is also going well, as demonstrated by great news in our market share. For example,
in the U.S., while sales declined, we performed better than the industry due in part to the strength from
our trucks, that being the F-150 Ranger and our SUVs, Explorer and Lincoln Aviator and Corsair. Our total
share was up 20 basis points in the quarter to 14.5%. And within that number, our retail share was up 120
basis points to 13.3% as F-Series gained 250 basis points of segment share to 33.3%.

Turning to the all-new Bronco. The outpouring of enthusiasm from the public and media after the reveal
earlier this month, candidly, speaks for itself. Reservations for Bronco, well, they've surpassed even our
most optimistic initial projections. Our entire team, like the over 150,000 customers, who reserved one,
are super excited about the Bronco. This family of vehicles has big upside potential in the growing off-
road category, and this is a category where the leading OEM has not been seriously challenged until now.
And we have proven credibility in this off-road space with Raptor, in particular. And we are the #1 cross-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

shop brand for Jeep today. Initial customer demand for Bronco is so high that we are actively working to
increase our annual production right now.

I also want to give you a quick personal story on the status of the Mach-E, which will go on sale later
this year. I had an opportunity to drive an advanced prototype recently in Ann Arbor. The experience
was just stunning from start to finish. When you sit in the driver's seat, everything's personalized. My
profile automatically loaded into the Mach-E before I pressed the start button. Seat position, screen colors,
preferences, Apple CarPlay and Waze were seamlessly integrated into the SYNC 4 system. I then set off
on the drive in Whisper mode. Now the drive was astonishingly smooth and powerful. And I used the one-
pedal driving system. Braking and battery regeneration were perfectly integrated. Then I did switch to
Unbridled mode. You can see me smiling, and I can tell you the performance was pure Mustang, sure-
footed and incredibly quick as I took curves. The experience was incredibly intuitive, and the cluster
tells you exactly what you need to know with nothing extraneous. Yes, I left with a big smile on my face
because I know our customers will soon enjoy the same experience.

When I see these products come to life, I feel better and better about our decision to reallocate capital
spending from sedans to trucks and commercial vehicles and SUVs. It was controversial at the time. It's
paying off. And we have even more new products in the pipeline in areas where Ford is strong today and
in white spaces where we can earn stronger returns and grow share.

Now these new products are critical to our target to reduce the age of our showroom in the U.S. by over
40% or more competitive 3.1 years by 2023. OEMs really with the highest replacement rate and younger
showroom age have generally gained market share profitably. It's a good place to be in.

By several third-party measurements, Ford brand reputation is improving as well, and we believe we have
much more potential for improvement as we launch these new exciting products.

I just want to take a moment and touch on our plan for electric vehicles. We're about midway through our
plan to invest more than $11.5 billion through 2022, and there'll be more after that with an increasing
mix of spend on all-electric vehicles. We're bringing the power of choice to our customers with hybrids,
plug-in hybrids and pure electric. By the fourth quarter, we'll have 15 electrified nameplates available to
customers around the world, and nearly 10% of our wholesales will have come from some Ford -- form,
excuse me, of electrification.

We're deploying this technology across our lineup and price points to bring improved capability, fuel
economy and emissions to as many people as possible just as we did with our EcoBoost technology a
decade ago.

Nameplates that will follow our all-electric are the Territory in China, our Escape and Kuga plug-in hybrids,
which offer an estimated 100 MPGe, and the F-150 PowerBoost hybrid, I just ordered one of these, as well
as our Mustang Mach-E BEV. These will be followed by an all-electric versions of our market-leading F-150
and Transit vans.

Electric vehicles are also a big part of Lincoln's future, and you'll see this unfold in the months and years
ahead. As you know, in June, we finalized our strategic alliance with VW, which will accelerate execution
of our commercial vehicle and electric vehicle strategy. This alliance also significantly strengthens Argo AI,
which now combines unmatched expertise with the global reach of Ford and VW together. This positions
Ford well as self-driving vehicles become a significant new source of revenue and profit in the years to
come. The AV journey will be a long one, but Ford is now well positioned to run this race and compete like
few others can.

Finally, in a moment, Tim will provide an update on the progress of our global redesign. We're aggressively
reshaping our business and restructuring underperforming operations around the world, rationalizing our
product portfolio to play to our strengths and attacking costs. Obviously, Ford isn't immune to the effect of
the pandemic, including a new vehicle market that has been waylaid by the pandemic. But we continue to
manage through this crisis even as we continue to create a vibrant, profitably growing company, one that
we're confident will win in an era of smart vehicles for a smart world.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

With that, I'll turn it over to Tim for more color on the quarter and our expectations for the remainder of
the year. Tim?

Timothy R. Stone
Chief Financial Officer

Great. Thanks, Jim.

In addition to our operational execution this quarter, in the face of unprecedented industry headwinds, our
results demonstrated progress as we fix areas of the business that have held us back in the past, including
cost and launch execution, an acceleration in areas of strength like commercial vehicles and SUVs as well
as newer capabilities like connectivity, tangible progress in electrification and autonomous vehicles, both
essential to our long-term growth. And lastly, the favorable impact of our global redesign and a more
focused portfolio of fresh products for customers.

We also demonstrated discipline in the management of our balance sheet and continue to maintain strong
liquidity to ensure financial flexibility in these uncertain times. We ended the quarter with over $39 billion
in cash and liquidity, reflecting almost $10 billion of new debt in the quarter, including the $8 billion
unsecured issuance we completed in April.

During the second quarter, our working capital dynamics played out, as we highlighted on our first quarter
earnings call. As production resumed in mid-May, our payables and cash balance recovered sharply. The
restoration of production payables will continue into the third quarter as we reach near full production in
late June.

On July 27, we repaid $7.7 billion of our outstanding $15.4 billion corporate revolvers. We also extended
$4.8 billion of our lines of credit from April '22 to July '23. Our current liquidity of almost $40 billion is
sufficient to maintain or exceed our target cash balance of $20 billion through the second half of this year
even if global demand declines or if there's another wave of COVID-related plant closures.

Looking at our results in automotive, both wholesales and revenue were down due to the suspension in
manufacturing. To give you some color on wholesales, earlier this year, pre-COVID, we expected wholesale
units to be about 800,000 higher than the 645,000 we reported in the quarter.

Our decline in Automotive EBIT was driven by the decline in volume, but this was partially offset by
over a $1 billion improvement in both net pricing and cost. The cost improvement was the net of 4
primary areas: lower structural costs due to suspended production and one-time cost actions like reduced
marketing, both of which were partially offset by higher material costs for new products and regulatory
compliance and higher warranty. We do expect warranty to be up for the year.

Looking at our business units in more detail. North America was shut down for 6 weeks in the quarter,
but like the other regions, manufacturing came up smoothly. In fact, North America was operating at
about 95% of pre-COVID production levels by the end of the quarter. In addition to the improvements in
share that Jim mentioned, the North America team is laser-focused on minimizing the impacts of lower
volume through the aggressive management of costs, including reducing facility costs, media spend and
the elimination of all discretionary spending. The team also focused on yield management actions, which
benefit both revenue and EBIT.

In South America, our plants were mostly idled in the quarter. But as with North America, we brought
production up efficiently. Market share declined, largely driven by lower sales to rental companies and our
global redesign actions last year to exit heavy trucks and unprofitable products, such as Fiesta and Focus.
However, both Ranger and EcoSport did well as Ranger, the #2 midsized pickup globally, gained share.
Relative to profitability, this was the third consecutive quarter of improving year-over-year results as we
continue to hone our cost position, including lower headcount and improved mix.

In Europe, all of our plants came up successfully by May 4. Profitability was favorably impacted by
the benefits of our global redesign as well as our more focused approach on 3 customer segments:
commercial vehicles, select passenger vehicles and imports. Relative to global redesign, we are on track
to deliver by the end of this year roughly a $1 billion improvement in structural cost since the actions

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

began during the third quarter of 2018. This includes 10,000 positions in Western Europe, of which 7,500
reductions have been completed and a reduction of over 2,000 positions in Europe. The balance of the
positions in Western Europe will be eliminated by the end of this year.

We've also reduced costs by reducing our manufacturing footprint by 6 facilities down to a total of 17. Our
sharper focus on product strength allow us to extend our leadership in commercial vehicles as we reached
15.1% share in June, an increase of 220 basis points. We are on track this year to meet the new CO2
regulatory requirements for both passenger and commercial vehicles, supported by our growing portfolio
of electrified vehicles. For example, in the first half of this year, our new Puma MHEV reached 80% mix,
and Kuga PHEV and MHEV collectively reached 57% mix. And on the horizon, a BEV Transit will join our
Transit family of ICE and hybrid powertrains.

In China, the only region to post a gain in wholesales, wholesales were up double digits as we benefited
from the newly launched Escape and Lincoln Corsair and strong commercial vehicle sales. Corsair, our first
locally produced Lincoln product, contributed to a 12% increase in sales for Lincoln. And the all-new locally
produced Aviator is launching now.

China also posted its second consecutive quarter of share gain, up 20 basis points to 2.5%, its highest
market share since the third quarter of 2018.

Our strength in commercial vehicles was supported by a 34% increase in sales at JMC, our JV partner,
which gained 40 basis points of share. As with other regions, through cost discipline, China has done a
great job mitigating the profit impact of COVID. China's focus on cash flow also delivered a step function
change in working capital, driven by the benefits of localization as well as CapEx efficiencies.

In Mobility, we continue to make investments to commercialize our autonomous vehicle business, including
product development, engineering and testing. Our 6 test markets for Argo AI constitute what we believe
is the largest, active, urban test footprint of any self-driving vehicle developer. As Jim mentioned, in the
quarter, we closed our new partnership with VW and Argo AI. This generated a gain of $3.5 billion, which
was recorded as a special item. Argo AI, which is the self-driving system portion of our AV business, is
now deconsolidated. Despite the deconsolidation, we do expect our investment in AV, reflected in our
consolidated Mobility results, to continue at similar levels for the reasons I noted earlier.

In Mobility, we also continue to invest to build out capabilities in connected services, including our
FordPass and Ford Commercial Solutions platforms. In fact, we have centralized our enterprise
connectivity team to accelerate the delivery of human-centered, connected experiences for our customers.
We expect this sharpened focus to also provide benefits to the enterprise through improved customer
experience and quality.

Ford Credit delivered a strong, profitable quarter, demonstrating its uniquely compelling value for
customers and competitive advantage. Our prudent actions in the first quarter ensured we were
adequately reserved in light of the macro uncertainty created by COVID. Portfolio performance was strong,
and delinquencies and charge-offs were record low levels.

Ford Credit provided extensions to about 11% of U.S. customers through May, an unprecedented move.
Over 90% of these customers have resumed payments without delinquency, and we're very pleased with
the performance of this portfolio. Lease share remained below industry average, and off-lease auction
performance was better than expected, up 3% sequentially and down 2% year-over-year. We began the
quarter with closed auctions, growing inventory and falling prices. However, in May, we saw a healthy
recovery in auction volume and prices. At present, we forecast lower auction values for the full year of
about 5%, consistent with third-party estimates.

Now let me turn to guidance. Guidance assumes no meaningful change to the current economic
environment, continued steady improvement and the stability of the global automotive supply base and no
further significant COVID-related disruptions to production or distribution.

In the third quarter, we expect to be profitable with adjusted EBIT of $0.5 billion to $1.5 billion, reflecting
the economic impact of COVID, weaker global demand for new vehicles, parts and services and lower
profit from Ford Credit.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Our recent practice has been to comment on the upcoming quarter only, but because of the significant
launch activity in the fourth quarter, we thought some early color would be helpful. We expect adjusted
EBIT to be a loss in the fourth quarter, driven by the volume impact of the new F-150 launch, and lower
ongoing industry volumes. Note that our major launches in North America have shifted to the fourth
quarter, in line with our COVID-related production disruption. We anticipate that downtime, changeover
and ramp-up will reduce F-150 wholesale significantly in the quarter. This launch impact will more than
offset the nonrecurrence of the 2019 UAW contract bonuses in the fourth quarter, which is worth roughly
$600 million.

While the new Bronco Sport and Mustang Mach-E are also launching in the quarter, the limited level of
wholesales will not have a material impact on our fourth quarter results. We also expect lower Ford Credit
profits in the fourth quarter versus last year.

All that said, we expect adjusted EBIT to be a loss for the full year. I'm optimistic that we're well
positioned for what lies ahead and to deliver excellent products and services for our customers.

With that, let me turn the call back to Jim for a few comments before we move to Q&A.

James Patrick Hackett
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Tim. Yes, just a few comments.

I want to reinforce the following about the quarter and the second half of this year. In the face of
unprecedented sector headwinds operationally, we maintained robust safety protocols and aggressively
mitigated production losses while effectively navigating a tenuous supply base. I mean, everything was in
motion.

We are keenly focused on cost and cash discipline. Jim Farley led an effort here that's just extraordinary.
We're optimistic and ready for the production ramp-up of the F-150, the Mach-E, as you've heard, the
Bronco Sport and Bronco, all with the spirit of high-quality and extreme focus on doing a great job there.
We continue important investments. We didn't stop spending on the future, in commercial vehicles, AV,
connectivity and electrification. We did continue to implement our global redesign and portfolio refresh,
and we have measurable results to show that this is going very well.

And as you just heard from Tim, we did a great job of this. We had a disciplined management of our
balance sheet and an extremely strong liquidity position from all the actions we took earlier this year. This
ensures our financial flexibility, particularly, as we know, in uncertain times.
So operator, with that, let's move to Q&A, please.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America.

John Joseph Murphy
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just a first question, Tim. As we look at sort of the guidance you had given us on the second quarter, you
kind of blew it out of the water here. I mean, you're talking about a $5 billion-plus EBIT loss, and you
came in well better than that. I'm just curious. What changed? And what do you think the major factors
are?

And then also, I mean, if you think about price and cost, which seem to be 2 big levers, how sticky could
those benefits be going forward? So really just what changed? And how durable is the change?

Timothy R. Stone
Chief Financial Officer

Great. Ultimately, the performance of the second quarter comes down to operational execution by the
teams. And if you look at our return to work, we did so not only safely, but production and our wholesales
vehicle sales came with that and inventory management. Really strong performance by the teams. We
were near full production by the end of the quarter and with greater cost reductions and cash reductions
than we had anticipated initially as well, again, based on that keen focus on cost and cash. It was also a
favorable pricing environment for products and mix. And then Ford Credit, the auction values and credit
losses, the overall portfolio performance was strong. So I guess, at the end of the day, a strong execution.
And the second part of your question, again, was -- as it relates to how much of that is going to prevail
beyond the year?

John Joseph Murphy
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Yes. How sticky is that sort of that outperformance? Because it does sound like a lot of it was micro, and,
as you said, just execution. I mean, do you think some of that was sort of transitory in response to sort of
austerity measures? Or how sticky is this?

Timothy R. Stone
Chief Financial Officer

I think the operational execution is something we pride ourselves on and expect to work really hard to
make sure it's very sticky. We've got a lot of work ahead of us, for sure, in the back half of the year with
some really important launches in the fourth quarter and continue to drive improvements and to fix,
accelerate and grow areas that we've talked about. But reflected in our guidance for profitability in the
third quarter is that we're going to continue to operate in an operationally excellent manner.

John Joseph Murphy
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. And then just a second question. I think Jim Farley is on. When we look at the Bronco launch, a lot
of hype around the truck, which is -- at least, from my opinion, is well deserved. A lot of excitement there
around the Sport as well this year, but it seems like this is sort of the start of something much more than
even just those 2 vehicles when you talk about the Bronco family. So just trying to understand, will we be
looking at something 4, 5, 6 years down the line where there could be a portfolio of Bronco vehicles that
mimics or mirrors sort of more what Jeep has? I'm just trying to understand what the potential is above
and beyond what we know at the moment, and it seems like there's a lot more on the horizon.

James D. Farley
Chief Operating Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Thanks, John. As Jim and Tim mentioned, the Bronco reception has been very positive. The reservation
numbers are far beyond what we expected. And these are 2 broad appeal nameplates in 3 body styles that
we don't have in our portfolio today. So we're not getting ahead of ourselves on Bronco. We have a lot of
work to do to launch these products, to do it with world-class quality. And don't forget, our ambition is to
launch over 200 accessories and really create a brand, a sub-brand within Ford like we have like F-Series.
So we have a lot to do, and that's what we're focused on.

John, there is no shortage of great ideas for Broncos at Ford Motor Company, but we have a great
foundation to start with, with these 3 body styles. I would expect Ford, like we've always done, like we've
learned from F-Series over the years, decades, that we'll roll out a family of Broncos like we're doing in
our own way, targeted to our own customers, where we see openings in the market for customers to
be thrilled. And we do see that opportunity in the market. So I wouldn't hold ourselves or benchmark
ourselves against another OEM. Our idea is to play to win by going after specific customers that are
underserved.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Emmanuel Rosner with Deutsche Bank.

Emmanuel Rosner
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

My first question is, I'm trying to understand a little bit better, how do you think about the rest of the
year? When I look at your cost performance in the quarter, maybe on Slide 11, so $1.1 billion overall
on net basis, but $1.8 billion qualified as structural. Any way to dimension for us how much of those
structural costs are more temporary actions in the quarter when you had shutdowns for an extended
period of time versus something that we could assume could continue on a year-over-year basis going
forward?

And then still about the rest of the year's outlook, any way for you to dimension for us the magnitude of
the impact from the F-150 changeover either in terms of weeks of shutdown or units, anything that could
be helpful to dimension it?

James Patrick Hackett
President, CEO & Director

So Emmanuel, it's Jim Hackett. I think I'm going to send that to Tim.

Timothy R. Stone
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Great. Thanks, Jim. So as it relates to the cost actions we've been taking, we've been talking about,
for some time now, is the focus on fitness and design of the business. And so we're going to continue to
be passionately focused on making sure the right design for the business and with fitness as a priority.
And so, certainly, there are things that we appropriately undertook to preserve cash and reduce cost in
response to the environment. But we're also looking at opportunities to learn from this and identify areas
to further accelerate our fitness and redesign opportunities that are ahead. So that's really what I had to
say in that. Otherwise, this is actually reflected in the guidance we have for the third and fourth quarters
as we look out.

And on the third -- go ahead.

Emmanuel Rosner
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

The second part was around the F-150 changeover.

Timothy R. Stone
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Yes. On the F-150 side, what we tried to do is characterize it as more impactful than the UAW launch
essentially -- sorry, UAW contract bonuses of $600 million. So beyond that, there's not much more we can
say. Certainly, when you have America's best-selling vehicle for 38 years and gaining share with F-Series
in the quarter, you can see the popularity of that vehicle is quite meaningful to our overall business. So
ramp down and ramp back up with a successful launch will have a big impact on the quarter, which is why
we're expecting to have a loss.

Emmanuel Rosner
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And then I was hoping to get, actually, a little bit more from your latest thoughts on the global
redesign plan and the opportunity to use this industry downturn potentially to accelerate this. I guess, in
terms of the -- I think you mentioned during the prepared remarks that you expect $1 billion of benefit by
the end of the year. I wanted to just first understand on what basis that is. Is it for 2020 versus 2019? Or
is it since the beginning of the program? And how to think about the opportunity to accelerate it? What are
your latest thoughts there?

Timothy R. Stone
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So as it relates to the Europe comment, by the end of this year, we expect to have roughly $1 billion
improvement in structural cost actions since the beginning of when it was announced in Q3 '18. It's
cumulative. And that includes the reduction of the positions I mentioned, 10,000 positions in Western
Europe, 7,500 of which have been completed already, as well as 2,000 positions in Russia as well as the
reduction in manufacturing footprint by 6 facilities to a total of 17. So again, we're going to, just repeat
what I said earlier, we're going to continue to look at opportunities to make sure we have the right design
for the business as we look out at the opportunities ahead of us. And nothing incremental to announce
at this moment. But to date, we've incurred $3.9 billion of EBIT charges and $1.4 billion of cash. So we
got up to $7.1 billion to go in charges and up to $5.6 billion in cash. And the other thing is, we continue
to execute on the redesign of South America as well. So nothing new to announce at this time, but we're
keenly focused on it.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Philippe Houchois with Jefferies.

Philippe Jean Houchois
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I've got a couple of questions. One is, when I listen to you, Tim, about the Q4 guidance going back into
loss because of launch costs, it seems like a lot of assumption's also a weaker Q4. It seems like it's not set
that you're definitely going back into loss. A lot would depend potentially on the SAAR. I wonder if you can
comment and give us some kind of guidance on the range of outcomes potentially.

And my other question was also to you in terms of, you've done quite an impressive work in terms of
protecting cash and also starting to deleverage the capital structure. I couldn't help noticing your interest
expense almost doubled in Q2. That was a point of discussion with a lot investors, the interest expense
we put into earnings momentum. What are you doing? And how quickly can you actually get the interest
expense under control, so we can make sure we don't lose the operating leverage into the financial
leverage?

Timothy R. Stone
Chief Financial Officer

Great. So let me start with the interest expense. It has ticked up as we bolstered our balance sheet and
ensure we have not only a strong cash position, a strong liquidity position, and it suits us very well. And
then as we looked out, we feel comfortable with our cash position and confident, such that we repaid
roughly half of the outstanding revolvers that we drew down earlier this week. And we'll continue to look
at opportunities to repay additional debt, including revolvers, over time as the business performs. And we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

don't have anything to announce at this time, but, certainly, we'll be looking at opportunities to reduce
interest expense and delever the balance sheet in that way.

Bear in mind, as the debt levels come down, of course, we have the $40 billion of liquidity as we repaid
a lot of the credit. So I feel, as I said, comfortable with our cash and liquidity position. The interest
expense for the back half of the year, you can assume roughly $0.5 billion per quarter, will be a reasonable
expectation.

And then your question on SAAR. Year-to-date, SAAR is about 13.4 million units in the first half, and
we see this improving throughout the year. And beyond that, I think we'll add more color as the year
progresses, but we do see, again, an opportunity for it to improve as the year progresses.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Rod Lache with Wolfe Research.

Rod Avraham Lache
Wolfe Research, LLC

I was hoping just to revisit that question about costs. That $1 billion of Europe savings is obviously a
big number. But when I look at Slide 11, on the bridge in Europe and I look at costs, I see 0. And I'm
assuming that, that's because your variable costs, mostly regulatory, is offsetting your structural cost
savings. So just taking a higher-level look, the question about the $1.8 billion of structural costs, and
people are wondering whether that there's some significant proportion of that, that could be permanent or
some of it may be shifting from the first half to second half or coming back, is there a risk here that the
structural costs kind of go away, but the variable cost inflation that we see, like material, freight, warranty,
that kind of stays?

Timothy R. Stone
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I guess what I'd say is, the team has been very focused on opportunities, not just during this time
of COVID crisis, but before that, to get more fit and improve our cost structure. You're seeing that in our
underlying results entering into the crisis. With the crisis, we've had an opportunity to further reassess
how we work, what opportunities we have in our cost structure, to demonstrate it to ourselves, we can
take swift action.

And the team -- again, the teams around the world have done a great job in all areas. We're certainly
mindful of what you're suggesting that these costs come back in the cost structure in ways that are
unwelcome. But we're going to do everything we can to make sure that -- well, it's certain if they're
volume-related costs, but that we're going to get more and more fit over time.

Rod Avraham Lache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And just a question on the launches that you're talking about. You talked about the disruption,
but, obviously, there's some pretty big benefits potentially next year. I was hoping you might just talk
specifically about F-150 and what it would take to put that into the positive bucket. Do you need a
significant amount of pricing to offset higher variable costs there? And on the Bronco, is it conceivable that
you could produce 150,000 units a year there? Or is that just beyond the capability or the scope of what's
possible?

James Patrick Hackett
President, CEO & Director

So Rod, it's Jim Hackett. I'm going to ask Jim. Can you imagine the calls we've gotten, Rod, about how
many can you make? So he's been working on that day and night. So I'll give him that in just a second.
But I want to make sure I'm tracking with you on Europe in the sense that you understand that structural
cost effort ahead of the pandemic looks to be really prescient, doesn't it? And the absorption there without
the volume is because of the effort that these guys have put forth. So I'm not worried that, as you just

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

portrayed, that there's a variable cost kind of avalanche that smothers us. I don't think that's going to
happen right now. We're not anticipating a big inflation, for example. In fact, suppliers, you know, are all
trying to get back up to levels of efficiency where we start to enjoy some savings. So I just want to add
that color to the way I think about variable costs. I understand why you were looking at the forecast, but
just step back and think about that. But Jim, do you want to talk about the Bronco great news and the
challenge?

James D. Farley
Chief Operating Officer

Yes. Thanks, Jim. Rob, so MAP, right down the street from our Dearborn headquarters, is where we will
make Bronco, as you know, in North America, and then the Bronco Sport down in Mexico. As far as the
Bronco that we've received, over 100,000 reservations, that operation's on a 2-shift pattern. So we have
some upside. We have a lot of work to do because these are reservations, not orders yet. So we have a
lot of work to do to verify that. The mix is great and the enthusiasm, and we still continue to get lots of
reservations. So the team has multiple capacity studies. We do have some opportunity. It would commit
to another shift, which is a big deal for us, as you can imagine. But obviously, the reception's been really
positive and looks sustained now.

On F-150, we're in the prototype build, both in Kentucky and in Dearborn. Looks great. We're on plan with
the supplier readiness, manufacturer readiness and all the software. Obviously, this is a big milestone for
OTA and a lot of software for us. So it's an important deliverable for the team. And we have a long way to
go on the F-150 launch, but the team's made great progress. We're finding issues and addressing them
immediately. So we're feeling like I would portray it as on plan. And yes, there's upside for Bronco.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Spak with RBC.

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Tim, maybe I'll ask about the second half guidance this way. If there wasn't a program delay, would you
have basically issued the same guidance, just the cadence have been a little bit different?

Timothy R. Stone
Chief Financial Officer

It's hard for me to undo what's happened over the past few months. The delays that we're having are
commensurate with what happened as a result of the production shutdown, and the teams throughout
that time frame did a great job getting us ready for launch. So I think the back -- if you look at the back
half of the year in aggregate, we're essentially guiding to less than $0.5 billion to $1.5 billion of profit. And
certainly, there's been a shift to the fourth quarter as a result of those launch delays and the big impact of
F-150 being in the fourth quarter.

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. And then maybe just on cash flow and the balance sheet. So you paid back part of the revolver. If
we pro forma that for the June cash and debt levels you indicated, you're sort of back to the December
net cash levels, but then you do have at least some losses, right, in the fourth quarter or there's more
CapEx. There's a little bit more redesign cash this year, and I still think more beyond this year. So I don't
-- I know you sort of usually talk about liquidity, not necessarily sort of net automotive cash or debt, but
how do you see that sort of playing out? How do you see the balance sheet sort of playing out over the
next couple of years? Because there still are some calls on the cash, it would seem.

Timothy R. Stone
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Yes. I mean, first, I want to emphasize, for the third quarter, we expect cash flow to be higher than
EBIT, and the fourth quarter would be lower due to the timing of the working capital associated with the
launches and the seasonal effects. As you look further out, from a liquidity standpoint, we have, of course,
confidence in our ability to repay the debt that we have. We have net debt of roughly equal to cash.
And what we said was that, even in scenarios where we have COVID-related plant closures again and/or
demand declines that we have $20 billion or more in cash. So certainly, our base expectation is for more
than that. And as we look out to the future, we're focused on optimizing our free cash flow, driving toward
our long-term margin opportunities. And with that will come even greater cash and liquidity opportunities
for us to consider not only paying down lines of credit, of course, but repaying debt, reinstating the
dividend and anti-dilutive share repurchases as well.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Adam Jonas with Morgan Stanley.

Adam Michael Jonas
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

My first question is on EV batteries. It's kind of a question about make versus buy. So GM is making their
own batteries with a joint venture in Ohio with LG. You're not going that route in terms of owning the
physical plant capacity. What drives that thinking? And specifically, there's a lot of options. And this isn't
the only one, but Elon Musk has offered to sell batteries or like EV powertrain skateboards to other OEMS.
Would you consider doing that?

James Patrick Hackett
President, CEO & Director

Adam, it's Jim. Thank you. It's a question that when maybe a year ago, we started to see lines starting to
arrange around make versus buy, own versus source. So we had a deep discussion about this. I've met
with a number of the people that you know that are in the supply side of this. And it was our estimation,
in fact, our whole team went through a really deep dive on this 6 months ago, that the supply chain
has ramped up since Elon built his Gigafactory. And so there's plenty there that does not warrant us to
migrate our capital into owning our own factory. There's no advantage in the ownership in terms of cost or
sourcing as what Ford can draw on. So I just can confirm to you that it actually works. It works for us to
go the path we are.

Now with that said, there's some challenges that are in that supply chain between themselves. There's
some litigation that's going on. We're hopeful that, that gets settled quickly. It really doesn't matter to
us how it gets settled, but it may -- it confuses some of the suppliers about their investments in some of
their plants here in the United States, which is another way of saying, the way the USMCA would benefit
as intended is to have these factories be built in the United States for supply of batteries. And so we're
well positioned believing that will happen.

Adam Michael Jonas
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And then I got a follow-up for Jim Farley. Jim, if -- and I'm asking you specifically just because you're kind
of -- I'll still consider you new in your role, your new role. If you think 3 years out, how different -- how
radically different is Ford Motor Company 3 years from now versus today? Kind you kind of -- what are
some of the big, big changes, not the subtle stuff, the major stuff, that you want to highlight to folks on
this call tonight?

James D. Farley
Chief Operating Officer

Thanks, Adam. Yes. I would say -- I would characterize Ford's transformation as, we know what we're
really good at, and we have tremendous opportunity to grow in those areas. And commercial's a great
example. It took us decades to build the commercial ecosystem we have today, the exclusive distribution,
bailment, upfitters, deep relationship with customers, real deep know-how in the company.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

As we look forward in the next 3 to 5 years, you can expect Ford's commercial business to change a
lot. And part of that is cooperation with Volkswagen in places like Europe, but other parts will be the e-
mobility transformation of commercial. So I would say, Adam, you can expect Ford's transformation to
be in the areas that we're already really good at. We have capability, and that we're humbly approaching
the business model and the ecosystem build-out for those new growth opportunities with a fresh set of
eyes. And just like we did decades ago when we built these businesses like commercial and a tremendous
opportunity for value creation and for our customers, especially, I think that gives you a good taste for
how we see things as well as a much tighter geographic profile.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Dan Levy with Crédit Suisse.

Dan Meir Levy
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I wanted to start with a question on Bronco here. And I know you don't disclose your exact variable
profit per unit, but maybe if you could just give us a sense from the perspective of variable profit per
unit, how we should think of where Bronco potentially could stack up versus other vehicles in the Ford
lineup. Obviously, it's not going to be at the level of F-Series or I would think that to be the case. But I
would venture to guess, though, that it could be right up there, maybe above an Explorer or just below an
Expedition or Navigator. Just give us some sense of, from a profit per unit standpoint, how we should be
thinking about Bronco and the opportunities. We know that your competitor in this area is doing quite well
in that product.

James Patrick Hackett
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So my first reaction, I think, thank god we made the decision, right? Because you know what? It
replaced in the facility where we're making it some of the sedans weren't making money. So you got to
think of that with Adam's last question about the makeup of Ford and what's going on and what's coming
in, in product. But Jim, I'll let you talk about some of our targets there.

James D. Farley
Chief Operating Officer

Sure. Thanks, Jim. Appreciate the question. The real breakthrough for us on Bronco was the localization
of the Ranger, the very successful global Ranger here in North America. And we already have very strong
scale and performance with the Ranger in the U.S. Large Bronco and the C2-based Bronco Sport are both
based on existing platforms that we have executed many times. And so we're not going to go into specific
profitability, but you can imagine, compared to a Ranger, the kind of pricing that a Bronco top hat would
get. And obviously, we already have a great scale for the actual industrial part of the product. So -- and,
again, the platform has been very well executed. It has global scale, as does C2 for the Bronco Sport. And
so we see these -- and the pricing premium we carry in the utility market, the off-road market, is pretty
well known and, I would say, very robust in terms of, we've delivered it. It's not a maybe.

So from our standpoint, as Jim said, we not only replaced the Focus in the case of Bronco and Ranger, but
we're coming off of very high scale platforms, C2 and Ranger, and we know that these segments executed
right, the product are premium segments. So we're feeling really good about the margin.

James Patrick Hackett
President, CEO & Director

And Jim, I just -- I want to sneak in because you've all seen our campaign about we build more vehicles
in America for -- by Americans in our -- in the whole industry. And this Bronco is, look, we're hiring people
here in Southeast Michigan to build this product, 2,000 to 3,000 additional people. So it's a -- I know I get
teased about it because it came up in the discussion with the president, but I was just so proud to be able
to explain that here we are in the middle of a pandemic with the kind of challenges in the job market, and
Ford's going to be hiring people to build this product. So it's really a great news story.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Dan Meir Levy
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

That's really helpful color. If I could just squeeze one more in on EV and just a question on EV budgeting.
Your release said you spent half of the $11.5 billion electrification commitment through '22. And I believe
that the starting point was '16. So it tells us clearly your spend is more back-end loaded. But obviously,
2022 is not an end goal, and you're going to be spending in EV. You're just starting on the journey then.
So is it fair to assume that if I assume, okay, so you still have $3 billion to $4 billion -- $3-plus billion
a year that the spend will only accelerate after 2022? So how -- just how to think of the electrification
spend.

James Patrick Hackett
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Jim, do you want to take that one?

James D. Farley
Chief Operating Officer

Sure. Again, appreciate your question. Yes. Obviously, of the $11 billion, we're at the very tail end of
Mach-E and our 2 commercial vehicles. And they're really key for us, the commercial vehicles, the Transit
electric and the F-150 electric. We've announced the MEB and a number of nameplates. And so you can
expect in '22 and beyond as we refresh our product lineup once again globally that electrification will be
a key component. And so the spend will continue to play out. That figure was given a few years ago. So
as you said, '22 seems like right around the corner, but we're not done. And with the $11 billion, we have
some really exciting products coming up like the F-150 and the Transit. And with the growth of package
delivery and our large commercial customer network for F-150, we're are seeing a ton of interest from
customers on both of those. But we have lots of passenger cars to come as well. We're not going to be
specific more than what we've shared, but I think you've characterized it fairly and accurately.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Brinkman with JPMorgan.

Ryan J. Brinkman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

First, on South America, I would have expected your losses there to grow considerably in 2Q given the
75% decline in revenue, but instead profitability improved slightly. Now it looks like more of the help was
coming from price than cost, but how would you rate the progress of the restructuring in that region? Are
there more cost savings to come from actions already announced, but not fully implemented? And do you
think you're at the point now that if the volume returned that you would already be profitable? Or are
there more restructuring actions needed to get there?

James Patrick Hackett
President, CEO & Director

Well, I think Jim mentioned this, and Tim did, is that South America, the journey there, as compared
to some of the other markets, started, we phased out of unprofitable vehicles. We ended Focus
production, and Pacheco exited heavy trucks business, discontinued Fiesta, ceased operations at Sao
Paulo manufacturing, phased out the Sigma engine production. But Jim's been really working hard on the
restructuring to serve our dealer network better in terms of their customers and improving the viability for
the remaining dealers. So I think this is a story that's still yet to be completed. But Jim, I want to let you
answer why you think in the short term we had this better-than-expected performance.

James D. Farley
Chief Operating Officer

Thanks, Jim. The second quarter marks, I think, the third consecutive quarter of year-over-year
improvements, although still losses. And it really reflects, as Jim said, the progress that we've put in place

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

many years ago to restructure South America. We had a lot of cost containment. We've taken a lot of
headcount out of the business, as you would expect. And we've also, in the second quarter, took a lot
of pricing, which is consistent with the currency situation down there. But I think Lyle and the team got
ahead of the downturn we saw in the market with COVID. That's been a big beneficiary for us for a while.

As Jim said, we're going to keep restructuring our businesses until they're sustainable. So still more work
to do. South America looks pretty challenging. But the team's doing a great job. We had a flurry of new
products a few years ago, and there was cost associated with that. So I think we had a really good, still
fresh lineup. We gained a lot of share in the second quarter. It was down about 1 point from last year,
but that was a lot to do with the vehicles that we discontinued. So the vehicles we do have are very well
accepted. I just would portray it as we are not -- we have more work to do, as Jim said. But a really big
credit to the team and way down revenues to have a third consecutive improvement in our profit or losses.

Ryan J. Brinkman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That's helpful. And then just lastly, it seems like your market share in China is beginning to rebound.
What would you primarily attribute the recovery to? Is it the products, the relationship with Changan,
distribution strategy, localization of Lincoln, et cetera? And then are the pieces or future product programs
in place to continue to grow that share, which I think had been like 4% at one point? Is there a market
share target that you have in mind that is materially higher than where you are now, such that you could
continue to grow your sales in that country even if the market sort of languishes for a while?

James Patrick Hackett
President, CEO & Director

Well, I'm excited to tell you that the plan's working there. COVID was -- it kind of helped focus us. But the
commercial vehicles' strength was supported by a 34% increase in sales at JMC, which gained 40 basis
points of share. And the second -- it's the second consecutive quarter of share gain, up 20 basis points,
which is what you're hinting about. We were talking about it in a way that this was the breakthrough
that we were looking for. And then Corsair comes in the middle of this. It's the first locally produced
Lincoln product, and it breaks all records that we've had in 1 month for the sale of a product like that.
It contributed to the 12% increase in sales for Lincoln. And now the new Aviator is following on. My only
regret is that the whole Board was going to be there in October just to kind of review the progress that
you're noting. And we can't travel now because of COVID, but Jim Farley and Anning Chen, our President
there, have done a really good job of getting our arms around that market.

Operator

Your last question comes from the line of Itay Michaeli with Citi.

Itay Michaeli
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Just a couple of cash flow questions maybe for Tim. I think year-to-date, the working capital and timing
differences has been a use of about almost $5 billion. Curious if you can share roughly how much of that
you think you might be able to recover in the second half of the year? And then secondly to that, with the
CapEx coming down from the original guidance, should we expect that to be recovered next year, meaning
CapEx would be higher than normal as you kind of recoup some of the deferrals from this year?

Timothy R. Stone
Chief Financial Officer

Let me start with the last part first, thanks for the question. We haven't completed our planning process
for next year yet. We have said for some time now that we're focused on fitness activities, which not only
includes cost but also CapEx, to make sure that we're efficiently and effectively allocating capital. So we'll
continue to focus on that. And you're seeing some of that reflected in the results on CapEx this year. So
fitness, you're also seeing the ebb and flow of product programs, but we're pleased with the progress that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

we're making, $1 billion to $1.5 billion down year-over-year. But again, nothing further to share at this
stage on 2021.

As far as working capital goes, bear in mind, in the second quarter, the working capital dynamics played
out that we talked about, production resumed. Of course, during the shutdown period, we had payables
we repaid. And as production resumes, those payables start getting built back up. But the restoration of
payables will continue into the third quarter. And that's one of the reasons we said that the third quarter
cash flow will be better than EBIT and the fourth quarter cash flow with the shutdown seasonally and
the launches that are happening, particularly the F-150, this cash flow would be lower than EBIT. So I
guess what you're seeing is not only the benefits from our fitness and our redesign and our underlying
results improving in light of the COVID environment, but even underlying that, that will continue to play
out for the back half of this year and then into '21 as we're keenly focused on all -- on cost and cash
opportunities. But as we've talked about earlier, we're in a position now where we have a very strong cash
position and liquidity position, and we're comfortable with the outlook as we look ahead.

Itay Michaeli
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Great. That's very helpful. And if I could sneak one more in. Just curious, what are you seeing initially on
the Ford Promise campaign that you launched about a month ago? Just curious if you're seeing a fair bit of
traction there.

James Patrick Hackett
President, CEO & Director

Jim?

James D. Farley
Chief Operating Officer

Yes. Thanks. One of the really encouraging things for us and the leadership team, as Jim said, is we went
out and promoted the reality that we're the highest employment in the U.S. of all the OEMs and also
our volume in the U.S. And that plus new products really, we've seen the strengthening of our brand.
The Promise campaign seems to be doing really well. We had a great second quarter in terms of share
performance in the U.S. Retail, as Jim said, was way up a full point. And part of that was mix, but it's
great to see the momentum behind the brand. Third quarter looks not to be dramatically different. We
continue to have good momentum. Sales, still a lot to do. We have good supply situation at Ford in the
70-day range. And so the campaign seems to be doing really well. Brand's getting stronger, and we have
product to sell.

Operator
This concludes the Ford Motor Company Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for
participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

FORD MOTOR COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

