Fortinet, Inc. NasdaqGS:FTNT
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 29, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.74

0.81

Revenue  (mm)

680.80

710.30

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-29-2021 12:27 AM GMT

9.46

4.33

0.89

3.69

4.24

731.40

3056.29

3526.65

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.65

0.78

0.97

0.74

0.82

0.88

1.06

0.81

26.15 %

12.82 %

9.28 %

9.46 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Keith F. Jensen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Peter M. Salkowski
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

ANALYSTS

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Andrew James Nowinski
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research
Division

Benjamin James Bollin
Cleveland Research Company

Brian Lee Essex
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Fatima Aslam Boolani
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Gray Wilson Powell
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Michael Turits
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Patrick Edwin Ronald Colville
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Robbie David Owens
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Saket Kalia
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Shaul Eyal
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Sterling Auty
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Hamza Fodderwala
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Tal Liani
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jonathan Frank Ho
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Jyhhaw Liu
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Fortinet Q1 2021 Earnings
Announcement Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
[Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker for today, Peter
Salkowski, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin, sir..

Peter M. Salkowski
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Tuwanda. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Peter Salkowski, Vice President of Investor
Relations at Fortinet. I am pleased to welcome everyone to our call to discuss Fortinet's financial results
for the first quarter of 2021.

Speakers on today's call are Ken Xie, Fortinet's Founder, Chairman and CEO; and Keith Jensen, our Chief
Financial Officer. This is a live call that will be available for replay via webcast on our Investor Relations
website.

Ken will begin our call today by providing a high-level perspective on our business. Keith will then review
our financial and operating results for the first quarter before providing guidance for the second quarter
and updating the full year. We will then open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions]

Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that on today's call, we will be making forward-looking
statements, and these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could
cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Please refer to our SEC filings, in particular,
the risk factors in our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for more information.

All forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation, and we
undertake no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements.

Also, all references to financial metrics that we make on today's call are non-GAAP, unless stated
otherwise. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations are located in the earnings press
release and in the presentation that accompanies today's remarks, both of which are posted on the
Investor Relations website. Lastly, all references to growth are on a year-over-year basis unless noted
otherwise.

I'll now turn the call over to Ken.

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Peter, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call to review our first quarter 2021
results. We are very pleased with our strong first quarter performance. Billing increased 27% to $851
million, driven by solid execution across our broad and integrated product and services. Secure SD-WAN
contributed 14% to first quarter billing.

Total revenue grew 23% to $710 million, with product revenue growth of 25%, the highest quarterly
product revenue growth in the last 5 years. With strong business momentum and good visibility, we
remain focused on growth. In the first quarter, we released FortiOS 7.0, which offer the industry's first OS
level with tight integration of a broad security and network functions, including SASE, SD-WAN, Zero Trust
Network Access, CASB and 5G capability.

Today, we announced the FortiGate 7121F, the world's fastest next-generation firewall and the only firewall
with hyperscale 400-gig interface. The 7121F for 5G mobile network operators to secure multiple hedges
within their infrastructure and enable MSPs to build up scalable security offerings.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Powered by a new MP7 security process unit, the 7121F delivers Security Compute Rating of 2x to 19x
greater than competitive solutions. We continue to see momentum and adoption of our SD-WAN SASE and
Zero Trust Network Access Solution among the world's largest service providers. Today, we announced
British Telecom, a new managed secure SD-WAN service powered by Fortinet. In March, Fortinet and AT&T
announced the viability of a new managed SASE solution for enterprise customers.

Increasingly, organizations are consolidating towards a holistic platform approach, delivering integrated
and automated security to cover on-premise network, endpoint and cloud secure edge. The Fortinet
Security Fabric is a cybersecurity platform organically built on a broad and a deep set of networking and
security technology designed to seamlessly operate together.

The high profile of security incident that occurred over the past few months, along with the pandemic,
has elevated the need for a broad platform that can secure an enterprise and high infrastructure across
multiple edge in a zero trust environment. We expect companies to increase the percentage of IT spending
used for security in an effort to address their server security needs.

Our security-driven networking approach is a key growth driver. Additionally, we expect that our significant
organic product growth will lead to increased service revenue.

Before turning the call over to Keith, I would like to thank our employees, customers, partners worldwide
for their continued support and hard work.

Keith F. Jensen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Thank you, Ken. And to add to your comment, we should note that billings growth, product revenue
growth and total revenue growth were each at 5-year highs.

Okay. Let's start the more detailed Q1 discussion with revenue. Total revenue of $710 million was up
23%, driven by industry-leading product revenue growth of 25%. Product revenue growth was broad-
based across geographies, security fabric products and use cases, illustrating the market acceptance
of our integrated single platform security strategy, customer demand for security across their entire
infrastructure and the diversity of our customer base.

Product revenue growth was over 30% for both infrastructure and cloud fabric products. And all 3
geographic regions increased 20% or more. Demand for security fabric products was strong across all
form factors: hardware, software and virtual machines. The growth we experienced for product revenue
was not the result of a few large deals, lower backlog or higher channel partner inventory levels.

The product revenue growth also enables increases in services billings and future services revenue. In the
first quarter, service revenue of $470 million was up 22%. Support and related services revenue increased
23% to $214 million. Security subscription services revenue increased 21% to $255 million, benefiting
from outsized growth from our cloud provider and SaaS security offerings.

Moving to the mix of FortiGate and non-FortiGate platform revenue. The FortiGate segment of the fabric
platform saw revenue increase 17%, driven by demand for entry-level and high-end FortiGate products.
High end includes 10 new NP7 powered FortiGates that were introduced in the past year, which includes
today's announcement of the 7120F. These new products now represent approximately 20% of high-end
FortiGate shipments.

Our ASIC-driven FortiGate gives customers 5 to 10x more computing power than firewalls that run on
common CPUs. The advanced computing power creates not only speed but also the capacity to continue to
add functionality to our operating system, driving our price for performance advantage. The non-FortiGate
segment saw revenue grow over 40%, and now accounts for 31% of total revenue, up 4 percentage
points. The integrated securities fabric solutions consists of the complete range of form factors and
delivery methods, including physical and virtual appliances, cloud, SaaS and perpetual software as well
as hosted and nonhosted solutions. Together, they provide a range of security solutions and form factors,
enabling integrated protection for hybrid environments and the expanding digital attack surface from the
data center to the endpoint to the cloud.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Given the strong first quarter performance -- excuse me, revenue performance, we believe our non-
FortiGate platform is now on a pace to be a $1 billion business this year, representing an acceleration of
this milestone.

Let's turn to revenue by geographies. A summary is on Slide 5. Revenue in the Asia Pacific area increased
26%, and media revenue increased 25%, and the Americas posted revenue growth of 20%. As I
mentioned earlier, all 3 regions experienced product revenue growth of 20% or more.

Moving to billings. The first quarter billings were $851 million, up 27%. We saw strong growth in both the
FortiGate and non-FortiGate segments of our security fabric platform. The FortiGate segment delivered
billings growth of 20%, accounting for 70% of total billings. As shown on Slide 6, entry-level FortiGates
posted very strong billings growth in the quarter. The non-FortiGate segment accounted for 30% of total
billings and delivered billings growth of 50%, driving a 4-point year-over-year mix shift to non-FortiGate.

Taken together, these data points highlight the market acceptance of our single integrated security
platform strategy. In terms of billing growth by geos, the APAC outperformed all geos, followed by Europe
and the Americas. In the Americas, Canada had a very strong quarter, and Latin America rebounded from
the pandemic-induced slowdown posted billings growth in the mid-20% range.

Moving to billings by customer segments. The small enterprise segment posted solid growth across all
geos. This segment is driven by new customer acquisitions, customer security fabric expansions, solid
execution by our channel partners and the large diverse makeup of this international customer segment.

At the same time, we saw strong growth in our larger deals. The number of deals over $1 million grew
74% to 66 deals in the first quarter. The pipeline for deals over $1 million looks good for the remainder of
the year. As Ken noted, secure SD-WAN billings were 14% of total billings. SD-WAN is a key functionality
in an integrated SASE solution.

Moving to worldwide billings by industry verticals. With another strong international performance, the
worldwide government sector topped all verticals at 19% of total billings and was up 60%. Service
providers and MSSPs accounted for 16% of total billings. The rebound for education accelerated with
billings growth of 50%. Retail turned in a solid quarter with billings growth of 21%. Our strong and
consistent billings and revenue performance over the past several years is testament to our geographic
and customer diversity, the growing success with a single integrated security platform strategy, and our
ASIC advantage, which enables a shared operating system across the security fabric platform, drives our
price for performance advantage, increase the capacity to add features and functions while maintaining
price points.

Moving back to the income statement. As shown on Slide 4, total gross margin improved 10 basis points
to 78.9%. Product gross margin improved 120 basis points to 62.6%, benefiting from lower direct product
costs. The increase in product gross margin offsets the drag on total gross margins from the revenue
mix shift driven by the strong product revenue growth and a gross margin FX headwind of about 25
basis points. Operating margin for the first quarter increased 210 basis points to 24.5%, benefiting from
the strong revenue performance in the quarter. The benefit from lower travel and marketing program
expenses of approximately 100 basis points was more than offset by an operating margin headwind from
foreign exchange of about 150 basis points.

To end the quarter -- we ended the quarter with total headcount of 8,615, an increase of 16%.

Moving to the statement of cash flow summarized on Slide 7 and 8. Free cash flow for the first quarter
came in at $264 million, up $22 million from the first quarter of 2020 despite a $24.5 million year-over-
year increase in CapEx spending. We ended the year with total cash and investments of $3.1 billion, an
increase of $1.5 billion. The increase includes the proceeds from our $1 billion investment-grade debt
issuance during the first quarter. The issuance followed our inaugural strong BBB credit ratings.

Throughout the pandemic, we have leveraged the strength of our balance sheet as a competitive
advantage to support our partners and customers as they experience geo-specific economic challenges. As
a result, days sales outstanding increased 7 days to 81 days, in line with our expectations and reflecting
our earlier decision to provide geographically targeted extended payment terms.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Compared to the fourth quarter of 2020, DSOs in the first quarter of 2021 decreased 6 days as we saw
early progress towards returning to pre-pandemic payment terms. Inventory turns declined to 2.1x from
2.5x, reflecting the efforts we took to mitigate supply chain risk, including increasing our inventory levels
starting earlier in 2020. We expect extended payment terms and higher inventory balances to be in effect
as we move through 2021.

Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $52 million, including $38 million related to construction
and other real estate activity. We expect to begin moving employees over the new Sunnyvale Campus
building in the middle of the year, although the timing will depend on local pandemic protocols and
employee safety considerations. We estimate capital expenditures for the second quarter to between
$30 million and $40 million. And for all of 2021 to between $150 million and $170 million. The average
contract term in the first quarter was approximately 27 months, up less than 2 months from the first
quarter of 2020 and down approximately 1 month from the fourth quarter of 2020.

Secure SD-WAN accounted for 15 deals over $1 million versus 4 in the first quarter of 2020 and
contributed to the increase in average contract term. As we look forward, our goal remains to balance
growth and profitability. And given the growth opportunities we highlighted during the March Analyst Day
and as confirmed in our first quarter results, we have tilted our bias towards growth for at least the next
several quarters. The opportunities we see are supported by a strong pipeline, increased sales capacity
and our development efforts, which include the NP7 chip and our new FortiOS 7.0 operating system that
was recently released.

Now I'd like to review our outlook for the second quarter guidance, summarized on Slide 9, which is
subject to the disclaimers regarding forward-looking information that Peter provided at the beginning of
the call. For the second quarter, we expect billings in the range of $860 million to $880 million; revenue
in the range of $733 million to $747 million; non-GAAP gross margin of 78.5% to 79.5%; non-GAAP
operating margin of 24.5% to 25.5%, which includes an expected 100 to 150 basis point headwind from
foreign exchange; non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.83 to $0.88, which assumes a share count of
between 168 million and 170 million.

We expect a non-GAAP tax rate of 21%. Before raising our 2021 guidance, I'd like to congratulate every
member of the Fortinet team for the truly outstanding start to 2021. With that, for 2021, we expect
billings in the range of $3.685 billion to $3.745 billion, which at the midpoint represents growth of
approximately 20%. The revenue in the range of $3.080 billion to $3.130 billion which at the midpoint
represents growth of approximately 20%. Total service revenue in the range of $2.020 billion to
$2.050 billion, which represents growth of approximately 21% and implies product revenue growth of
approximately 17%. Non-GAAP gross margin of 78% to 80%; non-GAAP operating margin of 25% to
27%. When backing out the 2020 T&E benefit, the midpoint of the guidance represents a 50 to 100 basis
point increase in 2021 operating margin despite an expected headwind from foreign exchange.

Non-GAAP earnings per share of $3.65 to $3.80, which assumes a share count of between 170 million and
172 million and about $0.07 per share impact from the debt issuance. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to
be 21%. We expect cash taxes to be approximately $80 million.

And along with Ken, I'd like to thank our partners, our customers and the Fortinet team for all their
support and hard work in these difficult and unique times. And I now hand the call back over to Peter, to
begin the Q&A.

Peter M. Salkowski
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thank you, Keith. [Operator Instructions] Tuwanda, please open the floor for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Rob Owens with Piper Sandler.

Robbie David Owens
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

With a lot of other verticals in the media seeing issues with chip shortages and some supply chain issues,
is that starting to sneak into the security market relative to firewall appliance shipments? And can you talk
a little bit about your potential exposure?

Keith F. Jensen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Well, I think the chip shortage is -- this is Keith, Rob. I think the chip shortage that you point out is --
can touch a lot of different industries. I think one thing about Fortinet, in addition to having different form
factors, is these inventory balances that we carry. At 2x inventory turns, you're looking at basically 6
months of inventory that we're carrying on our balance sheet.

I do expect that the supply chain issues will be something, particularly related to chips that will be a
constant conversation point throughout 2021 and into 2022. But I think in terms of when we sit down and
talk about our expectations for the year, I think we have a pretty good understanding of how to work that
in.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Brian Essex with Goldman Sachs.

Brian Lee Essex
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Ken, I was just wondering, billings commentary, worldwide government up 60%. Some really nice
acceleration there. And then MSSP and service provider is still 16% of total. Maybe if you can talk about --
obviously, we know what the secular drivers in MSSP are, how durable is that, maybe the factors that are
driving that acceleration in government spend?

And then maybe talk a little bit about, particularly on the service provider side, it doesn't seem as though
we're seeing an acceleration from 5G and IoT yet. Who are the buyers there? How do you anticipate
that, that segment will play out through the rest of the year as you look to work your way through the
remainder of the year?

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Yes. Carriers and a lot of service provider are starting kind of reshaping their provider security network
offer, whether it be 5G, SD-WAN and all the SASE and also supporting work from home kind of still in the
early stage, putting it this way. So that's where we're working very closely with all the service provider like
the BT we announced today, the AT&T we launched last month and pretty much all the service provider to
support them on this shifting of the business model.

And let's say it's still early stage, but we do involve a lot of testing trials. And at the same time, I do
believe eventually, the service provider business will go back up to the #1. It tends to be like a high 20,
like if you go back 4, 5 years ago but because it's a new kind of shifting. So they are -- they do have some
work to do. And also some big investments obviously going forward. So we're working together with them
to keeping growing this business right now.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Ho with William Blair.

Jonathan Frank Ho
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Congratulations on the strong quarter. I just wanted to get a better sense of what you're seeing in terms
of demand for the SASE and DTNA-oriented products. And are you seeing that pipeline sort of continue
to rise, especially as we look at sort of replacements for the traditional VPN connections and other sort of
more legacy technologies?

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

It's a new fast-growing market, but also they probably replaced some of the traditional approach by some
other traditional approach also expand inside campus, inside enterprise, inside the data center so it could
go through the internal segmentation.

On the other side, we do believe whether the SASE network, like we said a few years ago, it's the best
position probably for the service provider carrier. So we tend to be working with and partner with them,
and also offer kind of more tightly integrated solution, like we said in the FortiOS 7.0 is really integrated to
OS level instead of some different vendors using different box, or even kind of a different infrastructure to
do that.

So that's actually working much better with a wider service provider, with the customer directly. So that's
why we do see there is some plus growing going forward. But it's just part of the whole infrastructure
solution will now replace the traditional approach. But also the [indiscernible] security is part of that
dynamic space. There's a new thing come up and also the that [indiscernible] also now goes away. So
that's where we try to address this new chain. At the same time, keeping enhance the traditional solution
and to supporting the customer in a different vertical, different region.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.

Benjamin James Bollin
Cleveland Research Company

I was hoping you could talk a little bit about how you see customer discussions changing or evolving as
they contemplate and start to return to their offices and to work? And then also hoping you could touch
on how you view the growth opportunity over time from completely new customers versus wallet share
expansion with your existing customers.

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

The customer definitely see security is starting to become more and more important, but also the need
to cover much broad infrastructure and all edges instead of the traditional security, whatever the border
or the data in and out of the company. So that's more device, more user more infrastructure need to be
covered.

So that's -- it's not a simple refresh. It's really changing to the whole infrastructure approach and also
working together with traditionally like different vendor cover, whether network endpoint or some other
part of security. Now they're looking for some consolidation. And they prefer when to have a multiple
cover of different part of infrastructure working together so that you can see the fabric approach we did
few years ago starting doing quite well.

And almost pretty much every quarter, doubled the growth compared to the traditional network security.
But on the network security, we also see very healthy growth. And it's very -- not just expanding beyond
the traditional border security product, but also because the ASIC advantage, which increased the secure
computing power 5 to 10x compared to the other vendor software load on the traditional CPU. So that's

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

able to add more function and also kind of increase performance, lower the cost and also lower power
consumption, more green.

So that's actually making this -- like the product growth, like we said, keeping us -- keep doing better and
better. And we do see this whole infrastructure approach will keeping going for the next, probably, a few
quarters, even to a few years, and the consolidation will keep it going within the industry.

Keith F. Jensen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes. Ben, just to continue on with Ken's comments here. I think the headline that he's talked about
previously is that back to work really -- the combination of back to work and as many companies being
in a hybrid model, that the attack surface now seems to be permanently expanded for many, many
companies.

In terms of growth and how we see it with new logos, expansion opportunities, we easily add several
thousand new customers every quarter. But if you look at the mix of billings, the mix of billings is going to
come from our installed base of customers, if you will.

And I think the simple model to look at is from that initial sale of perhaps a firewall or something else,
there's 2 different ways to expand. One is finding more and more use cases inside organizations for
firewalls and increasing the displacement opportunities; and then the second is, and this is where Ken
was going, is the expansion opportunity with those non-FortiGate fabric partner products. And what we're
seeing there with that mix shift from FortiGates to non-FortiGates and now being 30% of our business or
31% of our business, I think it's taking as, one, affirmation of the strategy and; two you're seeing it in the
numbers.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Tal Liani with Bank of America.

Tal Liani
BofA Securities, Research Division

I'm going to take you to the basics with my question. Last year was strong and there was some concern
that the firewall market is being driven by COVID-related demand just because of work from home. And
the question is whether you expect any slowdown of demand related to the anniversary of the trends last
year.

And the second question is your non-FortiGate grew extremely strong again. If you can take us through
the basics, what are the products that are growing there? Just what are the trends? And what do you
bring to the market?

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

I can take the first half, maybe Keith can take the second half. I don't see any slowdown even for the
FortiGate side. It's -- we're keeping -- gaining market share, like I said, because there's fundamental like
a technology architecture difference, which we've factored 10x the computing power compared to our
competitor, we can easily add a function performance. And even for work from home, it's more like a one
single [ Forti bot ] can replace like 3, 4 different bots from an open SaaS security side like all this part and
also like a managed home WiFi and the traffic there.

So that's also -- a lot of company also starting to do, this kind of expand the branch to the home called
the home branch or whatever, to meet working standard like a better networking reliability, security to the
home environment. So that also needs business solution. That's also one of the reasons we see some of
the low end side keeping growth pretty fast.

It's work for home actually helping driving some of these FortiGate sales. But also going forward, whether
the service provider, some other -- I have to say most enterprise, not even kind of changing much of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

infrastructure to adopt more work from home yet, and they are still in the early stage. So we do see
there's a big potential going forward.

Keith F. Jensen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes. It's Keith. Boy, it's a little tough for me to look back at the second quarter of last year and where the
billings growth was and the product revenue growth and things that I was getting -- I didn't feel like I was
getting a tailwind from VPN or something like that in the second quarter of last year.

That said, I think we're very pleased with how the year continued to play out and the growth numbers
that we've provided. I don't know that early on in the stages of work from home, that was something that
necessarily that Fortinet participated in. They're the same level that maybe some of the other firewalls
understand.

And then the second part of your question, you'll be glad to know that Ken and Peter and I sit down every
quarter and look at the non-FortiGate products and try and find the one that's really distinguishing itself.
And we keep coming to the same conclusion each quarter. It's a rising tide that's lifting all boats. It's not
that any one product is really standing out and more so than the other over an extended period of time.

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Yes, there -- yes, it's really -- because most of the product we develop internally from day 1 is making
integrate operate together. So that's probably the key number 1 reason. Customer want to buy it. They try
to consolidate, make it easy to manage. It's different than some other company when they acquire some
product company from outside is it takes a long time, more difficult to integrate.

So we have -- if internal developed from day 1, we've been making it working together.

Tal Liani
BofA Securities, Research Division

Great. So my question was much more basic. What are the key products that are driving up the growth of
non-FortiGate? So we know it's SD-WAN, what else?

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

SD-WAN is actually a part of FortiGate this way, so we don't comment the one not on FortiGate, but we
have like 20, 30 different product, touching all part of the infrastructure. And that Keith said, it's difficult
to point out which one is ready, yes. It's a pretty -- to say that ties the whole thing.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.

Sterling Auty
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I wonder if you could help me better understand the disproportionate improvement that you saw
internationally, especially in EMEA relative to the improvement you saw in the U.S.

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

I think similar, like we commented in the last couple of quarters, is follow the -- like the pandemic, once
it's starting -- get improving, they also try to think about how to go back work or some other investing
infrastructure since we'll be starting to grow. So that's where like APAC and EMEA grow a little bit faster,
but U.S. catch up more and more quickly.

Keith F. Jensen

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

I'll just add on to that, Sterling. I think the -- certainly for us that the markets are somewhat different,
and maybe that comes in play a little bit. The European and the international part of the market, we are
oftentimes have the #1 market share with the incumbent. And particularly during the pandemic, I think
incumbents had an advantage.

I think in the U.S., perhaps we're a bit more of a challenger, if you will. And I don't know that a lot of CIOs
and CISOs were focused on firewall refreshes in the second quarter and third quarter of last year and
going through competitive dynamics.

And I think there's also a bit of the partner ecosystem. When you're the incumbent, you probably have
more mind share with the partners than when you do with the challengers. Now having said all that, as we
look forward and we look at our pipeline, particularly in relation to the United States as we go through into
the second quarter here and through the rest of the year, yes, I think we're feeling very good about the
direction that, that organization is headed.

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Yes, we also were keeping invest more into the U.S. for supporting further growth, like we did for the PGA
sponsorship and some other things, I think will be helping drive the growth in U.S.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Gray Powell with BTIG.

Gray Wilson Powell
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Congratulations on the good numbers. So yes, maybe to follow-up on the SASE side of the business. How
quickly should we think of billings growth ramping on the 40 SASE products?

And then I don't want to get too aggressive, but could it potentially have a similar ramp to what you saw
in 2018 and 2019 with SD-WAN, back when that product was just getting started? Yes, just how should we
think about just the overall upsell there?

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

I also have -- I have to say, a little bit similar question. We're also kind of looking at different market
study, and also what's the best model to do this with the partner together. It may be similar like SD-WAN,
but it's -- but also SD-WAN is a part of the part of SASE solution. And also SASE, including some other
function there, which we also want to have a -- like a better integration and better performance and easy
to manage. So that's where we take some time to really launch our SASE and also more closely working
with our partner to do that.

But it's -- the market definitely growing, but we're also closely watching what's the best way to position
ourselves to catch this trend.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Shaul Eyal with Cowen.

Shaul Eyal
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Congrats on the strong performance. Keith or Ken, historically the refresh cycle concept used to provide
some disruption at times, I would even say, some noise around specifically Fortinet's business.

It would appear that over the past probably 18 months or so, there's less discussion and focus around it.
Do you think that Fortinet is gradually shifting away from it? Or is that there's so many concurrent internal

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

refresh cycles, given the broadening of your platform, that it is becoming less of a relevant issue? What's
the thinking about it?

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

I probably happy to use the term refresh compared to last time. You can see the 2012, 2013, and that's
where is the major firewall replacing the traditional VPN with major firewall had some intrusion prevention,
antivirus or the other function there, a proxy. But this time, it's expanding into a much broader, bigger
infrastructure, both internal inside the company and also go to the outside company, the one side, even
expand work from home. So it's more kind of expanding. And at the same time, different part of security
also need to be more working together. So that's from a company IT side.

They look if they can consolidate and help them to manage and integrate, automate will be more
important. So that's where -- like I said, there's more device, more people connected and like
[ wholesale ] data volume in a zero trust environment.

So this time is a little bit different, and that's where we're making like a very broad integrated approach,
I feel is more important. And at the same time supporting whether the new technology, the wider 5G
SD-WAN and also kind of maybe service model also will be important. But we also feel once the product
get in the customer hand, because of the huge computing power capability, we can also -- will be -- add
additional service and keeping -- helping customers adopt the new things they need and also the service
provider. So that's also kind of we're keeping that -- the business keeping growing. I think Keith will
probably add something.

Keith F. Jensen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes, Shaul, I think you and Ken are kind of touching on the same thing, which you made reference to.
I would say it this way, it's going to get harder and harder, I think, to discern industry refresh cycles
compared to where it was maybe 5 or 6, 7 years ago for a number of reasons. One, the firewall vendors
are simply larger. Their footprint is much, much bigger than it was before. Secondly, you have -- some
of us that are showing success in the platform strategy. When 30% of your billings are coming from the
platform, again, to your point, it's going to get a little harder to discern it.

And the sheer size, if you will, of the footprint in terms of customers, but also the number of different use
cases that are starting to evolve and continue to evolve inside those organizations. I think all that comes
together, it's going to get murkier and murkier as you go forward to find a refresh cycle. You may have
some individual competitors that maybe have very, very large price points or machines or something like
that, where they have their own internal refresh cycle that you may see some noise around. But that's
certainly not the Fortinet approach to firewall refreshes.

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Yes. Put in other way, the traditional firewall, all the way where they're being deployed is not going away.
They also kind of every 5 years probably need to be upgraded to new model to match networking speed or
some other one. But they're also expanding beyond R1 and also need to be working in that part of security
infrastructure, put in this way.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Adam Tindle with Raymond James.

Adam Tyler Tindle
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Maybe one for Keith. You've talked about this being a year to invest for growth. Your Q1 results
clearly say that's working, billings growth in the high 20s at a scale approaching $1 billion. And doing that
with healthy profit is pretty unique.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

So for my question, I was just wondering, at this point, if you evaluated whether to lean even more on
growth, given the early results that you're seeing. And if you could maybe touch on the logic of why not?
Are there diminishing returns above this level? Is this something you'd consider reevaluating as the year
progresses?

Keith F. Jensen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes. Adam, it sounds like you're listening into some of the conversations that Ken and I have with our
respective point of view, I think. I think, look, we're really pleased with how the business executed in the
first quarter, putting up 20% -- 27% billings growth and being 11 or 12 points above. And then raising the
22%, 3.5 points on the billings line for the year, probably for the quarter. And then taking the year up at
the same time by about 4 points.

I think the level of execution has shown to be very, very high and the level of success with the firewalls
and the non-FortiGate products have been -- we're very, very pleased with what's happening there.

I think we'll see how this year plays out. We felt that there were tailwinds coming into the year for us in
a number of different ways, whether it was GDP, whether it was seamless, whether it was the product
suite that we had or our sales team's ability to execute. And let's see how we do as we continue on this
trajectory, hopefully, through the rest of the year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Nowinski with D.A. Davidson.

Andrew James Nowinski
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Congrats on another great quarter. I wanted to ask about the partnerships with some of the MSPs that you
mentioned, AT&T and BT. Those have been historically strong partnerships for Zscaler. So I'm wondering,
do you think you're eating into Zscaler's mind share at those partners? Or are they just trying to offer
their customers maybe another SASE offering?

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Let me just say in the last few years, from some point, we move -- we will consider as one of the service
provider could be partner. And -- but also some of the telecom company, they do have their infrastructure
and also some of their customer base, which we have been working with them for a long, long time.

So once -- especially during the pandemic, IT is pretty high pressured to supporting whether internal or
some other need. I think that's where SASE offers certain more service-based approach, which also kind
of adopt by some customer or subscriber quickly. So that's where we also leverage our kind of relations
with the partner and also our product technology advantage and offer much tighter integrated across
SASE network solution is -- so the -- some bigger tariff partner they like it a lot, I put it this way.

So that's what we continue to work with. And so I do believe that the business and the carrier service
provider will go back to the #1, like we are a few years ago, the high 20. That is also -- have to working
closely with a partner. And also some other infrastructure, new infrastructure, like I mentioned, whether
the SD-WAN and the 5G or some other item, blah, blah, blah, TOT or even maybe safety or somethings.
I think there's a lot of potential working all kind of service provider to keeping expanding the security
business together.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Irvin Liu with Evercore.

Jyhhaw Liu
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Congrats on the great quarter. You previously identified continued expansion into large enterprise as
a key contributor to growth in share gains. Can you talk about whether this was a factor in your Q1
outperformance?

And also, can you also talk about any key differences when selling to large enterprises versus SME, SMB
customers? For example, the go-to-market motion and/or timetable required to close a deal. So any color
here would be helpful.

Keith F. Jensen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes. I think we tried to give a little bit of color on that in the script and I view the term before the growth
being bookend, if you will, through the pandemic quarters where SMB did well. And I think we provided
some metrics there about large deals, deals over $1 million, which we think is a pretty good proxy for the
success that we're seeing in the enterprise.

I do think also the mid-segment is coming online for us, a little bit stronger than maybe we saw in
2020 and continue to believe that 2020 was an unusual year, both geographically and across customer
segments.

In terms of the cadence, in terms of how to sell the enterprise versus SMB, I would say absolutely. You
make a large investment, and it plays very well with the channel partners. There's no doubt about that.
The MSSPs, the carriers, et cetera. And those channel partners oftentimes, particularly distributors play a
role in the enterprise. But to be successful there, you absolutely have to have a direct sales force that is
helping to bring deals to those channel partners.

And I kind of made a comment earlier about incumbency versus challenger. I think that's perhaps even
more important in a geography where you're the challenger, and you're trying to get mind share from
some of those large key resellers that are linked together with some of the legacy firewall vendors. I
mean, you've really got to partner with them to bring deals to them and convince them of that strategy.
And I think we're starting to see that traction take hold for us.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Fatima Boolani with UBS.

Fatima Aslam Boolani
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Keith, for you, I was hoping you could share some more details around the expectations of the SD-WAN
mix that you have embedded in your guidance. How should we think about that? And certainly, how are
you thinking about it? And where are the incremental areas of budgets or dollars and ultimately share
gains within SD-WAN/SASE going to come from between the carrier market as well as the enterprise DIY
market?

Keith F. Jensen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes. I think the -- Fatima, nice to hear from you again. Yes, I think in terms of SD-WAN, the way we go
about budgeting, we would describe SD-WAN if you heard us before, SD-WAN is a use case for the firewall
similar to OT, micro segmentation, zero trust and et cetera. And we're not necessarily prone to building
our models, if you will, by use cases for the firewalls, nor similarly necessary by products. We do look at
our pipeline and we do candidate check that against Gartner projections for growth and things of that
nature, to make sure that we're in the range, if you will.

So I would expect that -- the other comment I would offer is, Ken has been quite clear. First setting the
goal early on that he wanted SD-WAN to be 5% of billings. When we got there, he moved it to 10%. And
we got there and now he's moved it to 15%. So it's a little bit of who moved my cheese, I guess, with Ken
in terms of setting goals for us. But that's fine. We like that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

And the -- I think you really kind of answered your own question in terms of growth investments, where
we spend money. I think the carrier, service provider opportunities for both SD-WAN and SASE are key
areas for those investments, but I'll hand it back to Ken.

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Yes. We do believe SD-WAN will be a bigger long term market, and we want to be the #1. And also, like
we do see a lot of potential. Even this work from home, a lot of enterprise trying to do a lot of service
provide, try to support in -- still very small percentage or early stage to use in SD-WAN. So that's where --
and also we have huge advantage using our SOC 4 chip to supporting this like one box solution, which has
about 20x better performance and much lower cost compared to the second nearest competitor.

So that's where it's a huge opportunity with the best technology and working closely with the partner
towards keeping growing SD-WAN. So we do see there's a huge potential, and we also target to be the #1
soon.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Hamza Fodderwala with Morgan Stanley.

Hamza Fodderwala
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I was wondering on the core sort of firewalling side. How much of the demand are you seeing come from
use cases around micro segmentation, particularly given some of these recent cyber attacks?

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

We do have a lot of asking about how to secure internally whether we did not tamper -- and company or
within the data center. But I have to say, security still need much more convenient power to process the
traffic compared to log in switching. My estimate probably like 30, 50, 100x more competent power is
needed. That's where -- if we cannot solve that speed issue or some other kind of managed deployment
issue is still more difficult.

That's also the ASIC has more advantage, like 5 to 10x better performance, computing power and costs
lower than other software-only approach. So it's a lot of requests. But as I have to say, it's not many
solution can meet some of the requests. Because internal, whether be in the compass of within the data
center, the network speed tend to be easily 10 to 100x more faster than the WAN approach -- I mean, the
WAN connection.

So that's where we're working with whether the customer or the partner directly and also combine both
the WAN security and the LAN security and the [indiscernible] infrastructure is more important. But
it's today work on home with they call the zero trust network access, so that you have to be the whole
infrastructure secure. So it's -- we see a huge market potential for the for internal segmentation inside
data center or campus security. But it's also a challenging job to meet the speed requirement compared to
networking and also make sure they can easily deploy and easily managed.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia with Barclays.

Saket Kalia
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Keith, maybe for you, just going back to the non-FortiGate part of the business. Do you see any trends in
perhaps market segment or geography that is adopting non-FortiGate at higher rates? And I only ask that
because with the growing enterprise business -- with your growing enterprise business, that is, I would
imagine more of the enterprises would maybe be more willing to work with multiple specialist vendors. So

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

is the non-FortiGate part of the business, perhaps more weighted towards the mid-market? Or perhaps
international?

And relatedly, just kind of broad brushes, how is that non-FortiGate business sort of split between product
and services? Sorry, there's a lot there. Does that make sense?

Keith F. Jensen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes, there is a lot there. And I'll -- depending on my answer, we'll know if it makes sense, how is that?
Look, I don't think the product service mix between [indiscernible] talked about previously, the FortiGate
versus non-FortiGate, the product service mix is not different in any meaningful way, if you will, when you
look at the mix. And again, we're selling solutions, so you're typically bundling that with a firewall sale.

To see the non-FortiGate billings growth at that 50% number and seeing the mix of the business, I think,
obviously makes us very excited. It's actually a little bit counterintuitive in terms of where it sells. For the
last several quarters, the Americas has done very, very well with selling the fabric. And I've been on phone
calls with very large enterprises that want to know much more about the fabric now that they've become
comfortable with the firewall.

I probably went into those conversations, Saket, with much the same expectation that you perhaps
described, which is that may be something that plays more to the SMB part of the business or the mid
enterprise. And I do think it does. I do think the enterprise willingness -- and in the U.S., to see the
enterprise willingness to engage on the fabric is probably a sign of a number of things. One is, at the end
of the day, everybody's got a budget, and this is a more cost-effective way to go about doing it. You can
manage your infrastructure much, much easier perhaps with a single vendor strategy than you might
otherwise.

And I think the common operating system with it running on or being integrated to OS 7 is something
that's very exciting. And then you start talking to the vision about a SASE offering that's running on an
integrated OS 7 system as well. So I gave you a lot there. But to give color to it, I think the long-winded
response would be, it has not shown to be unique to a size of customer or to a geography.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal.

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

I'm going to follow on Saket, and I have one question to keep within Peter's rules but I'm going to break it
into a couple of subparts, on the non-FortiGate side as well. I wanted to break it into: a, is there anything
over the next 12 months that you look at that you think, in particular, is interesting or exciting; b, Keith, is
there anything you could break out on attach rates, where you currently stand on the non-FortiGate side
to attach rates? It would seem to me that there's still a hell of a lot of room to run there just if you look at
your installed base for some opportunities.

And then c, if you think about -- if you had to partition the non-FortiGate into cloud and noncloud. In other
words, there's a lot of, I think, FortiGate products that are relevant to on-premise situations versus cloud.
But is there a way to just kind of break it out in percentage dollar-wise, 50% of it's aligned to on-premise
deployments versus 50% is cloud deployments. Is there any way to break that out in the non-FortiGate
side in particular?

Keith F. Jensen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

We'll charge you by the question. I think there was -- I'm going to leave the tough question or the fun
question for Ken at the end, which is, as you look out over 12 months, what's going to take off in non-
FortiGate. Keith, I would probably point you back to if we didn't do it in the Analyst Day in March, we did
do it in Analyst Day in November of '19 where we gave some breakdown of the fabric products between

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

what we call cloud and what we call infrastructure. And you can think of that as being hardware, and then
I'll kind of help answer your question there.

I think when you use the term attach rate, we may use the term penetration rate. And by that is for a
customer that's a firewall vendor, how many -- as you start looking at your expansion opportunity, Keith,
inside these customers, what type of penetration are you seeing and how are you going to market, if you
will, and encouraging the sales team and the marketing team, to whatever that number is, increasing the
penetration.

And I would say that's something that's really been an area of focus, I would say, for us more recently
over the last couple of quarters. And I think that's really, at the moment, more of it. We're pleased with it,
don't get me wrong. But I think right now, that's more of an internal metric that we're using with our sales
team and our marketing team and to some extent, with our engineering team.

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Yes, great. I think also, I -- probably not to the detail as of the number. So far, the non-FortiGate almost
doubled the FortiGate growth in the last few quarters or few years. So I don't see any changing of the
trend right now. But definitely, from a customer angle, we also asked what's the reason is they really need
to be more consolidate, make the whole infrastructure, manage working together, all these kind of things,
which are working quite well with us because we designed a product optimum working with FortiGate from
day 1, and making the whole fabric working together to integrate, automate on the security solution there.

So that's where the -- also we see there's still small percentage customer has a -- FortiGate still a lot
of room to grow. And at the same time, is -- there's a new product even come up to working with a
FortiGate. So that's where we do see -- we'll probably keep the trend, the non-FortiGate will keeping grow
faster and probably eventually, even the business maybe more than FortiGate, maybe within a few years.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Michael Turits with KeyBanc.

Michael Turits
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

For Ken and Keith, do you see any difference in the type of projects and security that you were seeing last
year primarily for the move to work from home versus this year when we have worked from home as well
as back to office?

And as part of that, Keith, you mentioned, I think, saying that you are seeing I think you said more
willingness to do firewall replacements this year. Is that also a part of it?

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Yes. Last year, work from home is more like a patch, whatever they have and to without changing
model infrastructure. This year, definitely thinking redesign infrastructure, whether leverage like better
technology like SD-WAN or some other. And at the same time, making, kind of, a better solution in the
zero trust environment is much more secure.

And so that's probably -- but it's still in the early stage. We do see a lot of growth potential there. But it's
a whole infrastructure changing compared to kind of last year, the quick make up, patch solution.

Keith F. Jensen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes. Michael, I would add to Ken's comments. I think the headline is the tailwinds coming to year.
Security is top of mind for so many companies right now, some of the CIOs and CISOs and whether that's
SolarWinds or it's work from home, it was -- Microsoft's little challenge is to ramp-up in ransomware. It's
just -- it's a year, I think, that a lot of CIOs and CISOs focus on security for a lot of different reasons.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

I do think that there was a -- for us in the U.S. market, if you will, and Ken has talked about this before.
A little more difficult, say, in the middle part of last year as we kind of through the year to get mind
share from CIOs and CISOs, to have a conversation about how you can save money while improving
performance in their firewall. I think those opportunities are starting to appear more in terms of getting
out and having customers take their prospects, take that meeting, if you will. And I think there's also
some of these larger deployments that can go on for well over a year or a couple of years.

I think some of those deployments perhaps were a bit stalled, if you will, last year, and they're coming
back online as we look at 2020 -- 2021.

Michael Turits
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

So just to clarify, larger deployments are starting to come back online. And is the answer yes that people
are more willing to talk about displacements of competitors this year than last year?

Keith F. Jensen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Is it the answer to -- which -- if you're asking me if I'm seeing that, the answer is yes. So if you're asking
if that's a driver of the business, I would say, yes. If you're asking if that's the driver of the business, I
don't think so.

Michael Turits
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

No. Just if you're seeing more of it.

Keith F. Jensen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes.

Ken Xie
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Yes, there are more that you spend beyond the traditional deployment and also like more device, more
people and more infrastructure need to be secured.

Operator

Our final question comes from the line of Patrick Colville with Deutsche Bank.

Patrick Edwin Ronald Colville
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Can I just kind of finish off on a [ multi-parter ]? I guess the first 1 would be just about linearity. Last
year, the linearity between 1 and 2Q was kind of unusual. So just help us understand how that might play
out in fiscal '21.

And then I guess my kind of second part, if I may, is product revenue this quarter was phenomenal. Baked
into guidance, I guess, is that there's a kind of the rest of the year is more like a kind of mid-teens growth
rate. Just to help us understand, is that -- is there anything that is worth flagging in regards to the kind of
performance in the rest of the year versus 1Q?

Keith F. Jensen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes. I think that as you get comfortable with the business model, you understand the products and
services and how very predictable that higher-margin services revenue is. I think that we did take this
as the opportunity to raise product revenue, the implied product revenue guidance, if you will, when you

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

reverse engineer it after we give the service revenue guidance by about 5 points. And I think that takes
you to about 17% in terms of our guidance now for the full year.

And we'll see how the year plays out. But I think we feel good about it. In terms of linearity from Q1 to
Q2, I would probably point you to, one, our actual results that we had last year in Q1 and Q2. And our
actual results in Q1 of this year and our guidance for Q2.

Operator

I would now like to turn the call back over to Peter for closing remarks.

Peter M. Salkowski
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Tuwanda. I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today. Fortinet will be attending a few
conferences in the second quarter. We have the JPMorgan conference on May 25, Alliance Bernstein on
June 2 and then Bank of America, June 8. Then presentations and webcast links are up on our website.
Thank you very much. Have a great day, and please, reach out if you have any other questions. Have a
great day. Thank you. Bye-bye.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

FORTINET, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

