Fox Corporation NasdaqGS:FOXA
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, February 05, 2020 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(0.01)

0.10

Revenue  (mm)

3641.60

3778.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-05-2020 3:45 PM GMT

NM

3.75

0.78

2.39

2.80

3343.65

12280.82

12649.22

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.67

0.59

0.69

(0.01)

0.76

0.62

0.83

0.10

13.43 %

5.08 %

20.29 %

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FOX CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John P. Nallen
Chief Operating Officer

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer
& Executive VP of Corporate
Initiatives

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Steven Silvester Tomsic
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Douglas David Mitchelson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Michael Brian Nathanson
MoffettNathanson LLC

Michael C. Morris
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FOX CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fox Corporation Second Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'll
now turn the conference over to Chief Investor Relations Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate
Initiatives, Mr. Joe Dorrego. Please go ahead, sir.

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer & Executive VP of Corporate Initiatives

Thank you, operator. Hello, and welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2020 earnings conference call.
Joining me on the call today are Lachlan Murdoch, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John
Nallen, Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Tomsic, Chief Financial Officer. First, Lachlan and Steve will give
some prepared remarks on the most recent quarter, and then we'll take questions from the investment
community.

Please note that this call may include forward-looking statements regarding Fox Corporation's financial
performance and operating results. These statements are based on management's current expectations,
and actual results could differ from what is stated as a result of certain factors identified on today's call
and in the company's SEC filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measures,
included adjusted EBITDA, or EBITDA, as we refer to it on this call. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial
measures are included in our earnings release, and our SEC filings, which are both available in the
Investor Relations section of our website.

And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Lachlan.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon. And thanks, everyone, for joining us for our fiscal 2020 second quarter
earnings call. We just reported an exceptional quarter, which really underscores the strength of Fox and
our unique position in the market. Nowhere with that strength and uniqueness on greater display than this
past weekend, culminating with our groundbreaking broadcast of Super Bowl LIV.

Let me say at the outset how pleased I am of the efforts of our entire company. Our people delivered a
flawless broadcast of Sunday's game to more than 150 million unique viewers across the country, virtually
guaranteeing its place as the most watched live television event of 2020. We surrounded the Super Bowl
with an immersive and innovative programming lineup from Miami across FOX Sports, FOX News, FOX
Sports 1 and our local stations. And we used this enormous platform to launch season 3 of The Masked
Singer right after the game, which became TV's highest-rated reality telecast in 8 years.

On Sunday, Fox had the largest revenue day in TV history, generating around $600 million of gross
revenue and providing an unmatched platform for over 100 advertisers from the pregame through The
Masked Singer, and we delivered extraordinary ratings for our advertising, distribution and NFL partners.

And while there's a massive amount of planning and activity that goes with broadcasting the Super Bowl,
it has not been at the expense of delivering other imperatives for our business. During the first 6 months
of the fiscal year, we have already achieved a substantial number of key operating milestones in support
of Fox's growth and momentum. Among them were attaining #1 status for the FOX Network in broadcast
and maintaining the #1 position of FOX News in all of cable; delivering a strong sports calendar to viewers
and advertisers, particularly across baseball and football; launching the WWE; acquiring Credible; and
activating FOX Bet.

We announced the expansion of our local station footprint with the acquisition of 2 key local market
stations. We completed a substantial number of major distribution deals in line with our expectations,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FOX CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

including gaining carriage for FOX News and FOX Business on Sling, and we have delivered impressive
financial results, led by revenue growth.

This quarter, we've really knocked it out of the park. Steve will provide further color around the financial
results shortly, but our first half results illustrate the power and importance of our brands to our partners
and audiences, validating our strategy to build Fox around live sports, live news and event programming.

Overall, our top revenue -- our top line revenue is trending nicely. Total affiliate revenue increased by
nearly 6% in the first 6 months of the fiscal year and our advertising markets, both national and local,
are buoyant, as illustrated by the current scatter market, where we see pricing well over 20% higher than
upfront levels.

The strength of the television advertising market for us is at a level that we have not seen for some time.
Across all of Fox, we are seeing growing demand because we are delivering sizable audiences for brands.

At our national networks, categories that are leading this intensity include financial, insurance, the
streamers, technology and foreign auto. At the local level, most of these same categories are prominent,
except domestic autos are currently running ahead of foreign.

On the national news side of our business, FOX News and FOX Business are seeing a significant advertising
client expansion across both our linear and digital advertising business, led by the financial and technology
categories. The FOX News audience is increasingly sought after by more and more advertisers as they
look to reach a large engaged audience, particularly across Middle America. This advertising strength is
based, in large part, from delivering on a promise made last May at our upfront that FOX would Own the
Fall across the entire FOX Network. Overall, the FOX Network took the top rating spot for the fall broadcast
season, marking its first #1 finish in the 18 to 49 demographic in 10 years.

Additionally, Fox is the only network to achieve year-over-year gains in both total viewers and in the 18
to 49 demo. Fox also ranked as the #1 entertainment network in the fall in all viewers for the first time
in our history, fueled by the success of The Masked Singer, 9-1-1 and the top new series, Prodigal Son.
We're focused on sustaining this momentum in the second half of the year with the addition of the Deputy
and 9-1-1: Lone Star, and non-scripted content like Gordon Ramsay's 24 Hours to Hell and Back, the third
season of The Masked Singer and our newest show, LEGO Masters, which debuts tonight on Fox. I suggest
watching with your whole family. It's truly great.

On the sports side of our business, we continue to drive unparalleled audiences to our signature
programming. So far this fiscal year, FOX Sports has been home to the U.S. Women's National Soccer
Team, a riveting 7-game World Series, the inaugural broadcast presentation of WWE SmackDown, an
ambitious new college football strategy and the launch of our partnership with TSG and FOX Bet. And
clearly, it was a great year for NFL Football on Fox, which culminated Sunday with the broadcast of Super
Bowl LIV.

For the second year in a row, Fox was able to expand its audience for Thursday Night Football, college
football Saturdays and NFL Sundays. In aggregate, total regular season football viewing on Fox, NFL and
college football combined, was up 14% over 2018. It's worth noting that no other network was up more
than half this level.

While the momentum we've seen at the broadcast network has been strong, equally as impressive is the
performance of FOX News. FOX News finished calendar 2019 as a top-rated basic cable network across
all cable networks for fourth year in a row, beating its nearest competitors by over 40% and achieving its
highest-rated prime time in history.

Given the well-documented headwinds facing the broader cable industry, FOX News' ability to grow
its audience over last year is a testament to the enduring power of the brand. The current news cycle
continues to drive passionate viewers to FOX News, and it's hard to see that trend subsiding.

All of these achievements point to a simple fact: Fox is the home to both the top-rated broadcast network
and the most viewed cable network, and that is an exciting position to be in. Equally exciting is to be
the home of the 2 events that command the attention of the entire country in the same year. We started

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FOX CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

calendar 2020 with the first event, the broadcast of Super Bowl LIV on Fox. We now set our focus on the
second event, the news equivalent of the Super Bowl, the presidential election.

FOX News' branded Democracy 2020 election coverage is already in full swing. If history is any guide,
audience levels and engagement will build significantly as the cycle progresses through the upcoming
primaries and caucuses, the conventions and the presidential debates, all culminating in our election night
coverage across FOX News Media on Tuesday, November 3.

As we build towards November, the financial benefits are not limited to FOX News. We'll see a sizable ad
revenue uplift at our local television stations. As referenced in calendar 2018, during the last midterm
election, our stations collectively generated record gross political revenues in excess of $200 million,
shattering the previous record set during the 2012 Obama/Romney election by 40%.

Although we are very early in the political season, we are already seeing signs of further increased political
spending, with a vast majority of the spend dedicated to the unmatched reach of television.

We saw it on Sunday, with spending in the Super Bowl on a national level. And we're already -- and
we've already been seeing it at our local stations, which positions us to deliver a new record for political
revenues in calendar 2020. Our confidence is further strengthened by the fact that we will soon be
expanding our station footprint, which already includes stations in Florida, Michigan, Minnesota,
Pennsylvania and Virginia into another perennial swing state, Wisconsin, with the previously announced
acquisition of the FOX affiliate in Milwaukee.

As you can tell, I'm thrilled with the rapid progress that we have made and the recognition of the great
value of our networks by our distribution partners. As indicated earlier, we have achieved our goals in all
the distribution renewals we have completed, which reflects the importance of our content to the market.
But of course, we recognize that the trends in the paid subscriber universe has an impact on our business.
As you know, we are dependent on our traditional and digital distribution partners and their business
plans for our inclusion in their pay television retail offerings. And while I'm not going to predict where a
normalized pay TV subscriber base ends up in the near to medium term, I know that this ecosystem will
still be the largest component of our revenues for some time.

Nevertheless, we have begun allocating capital to expand our revenue base, while preserving our
subscriber fee relationships into direct-to-consumer initiatives, which will grow in importance over time.
FOX Nation, FOX Bet and Credible are 3 recent examples of this, but we continue to evaluate opportunities
where Fox can bring unique value directly to consumers while sustaining existing business models.

Nonetheless, there is solid growth and momentum at the company's existing digital businesses, with total
engagement increasing last quarter by over 40% versus the previous quarter. FOX News Digital had a
record calendar 2019, beating CNN.com in both total views and minutes consumed. And for the first time,
FOX News Digital averaged over 100 million unique Comscore monthly visitors.

FOX Sports also had a record digital year in calendar 2019, growing both total video views across
streaming and social platforms and total minutes consumed by over 20%. It was also our highest
streamed regular season for the NFL on Fox, with growth of 57% over last year. And to refer to the Super
Bowl one more time, the game was the most streamed ever. 11.7 million users streamed all or part of the
Super Bowl, and 70% of their consumption was on FOX-owned platforms.

While we have remain focused on executing against our operational plans and hitting our financial targets,
we have also demonstrated how we look to deploy our capital through an appropriate balance of organic
investment, strategic M&A and return of capital to our shareholders.

On the organic investment side, the previously announced $200 million to $250 million EBITDA investment
began to ramp up this past quarter with the broadcast of WWE SmackDown and our investment in greater
originality and coproduction rights at the FOX Network, along with investment in our digital initiatives, led
by FOX Nation and the refresh of FOX Business.

In terms of strategic M&A, in October, we deployed approximately $260 million for the previously
mentioned acquisition of Credible Labs. In the short time we've owned Credible Labs, we have seen the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FOX CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

signs of the exceptional growth the business is capable of. For example, during calendar 2019, Credible
more than doubled its cumulative registered user base and experienced record closed loan volume, both of
which drove substantial top line revenue growth.

We have also committed around $300 million to acquire the Nexstar television stations in Seattle and
Milwaukee, in exchange for our stations in Charlotte. We expect this deal to close in the next month or
so. And our commitment to return capital to our shareholders remains an integral element of our capital
allocation strategy. In addition to the just announced semiannual dividend, we have now finished the initial
$500 million of share repurchases that we committed to when we announced the $2 billion authorization 3
months ago.

As we have consistently noted, we remain committed to deploying capital in a disciplined manner to
maximize shareholder value through this balanced approach. Now I will turn the call over to Steve to
provide more detail on our financial results.

Steven Silvester Tomsic
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Lachlan, and good afternoon. As you just heard, our operating momentum continued in the
second quarter, and we continue to exceed the internal goals that we commenced the year with. This
past quarter, we delivered strong top line growth, led by an increase in total affiliate revenue of 7%. We
achieved this growth despite aggregate industry pay TV subscribers continuing to decline at a rate in
excess of 4% over calendar year 2019.

During this period, the losses across traditional distributors, many of whom reported last week, were at
least partially offset by continued growth of digital MVPDs, where subscribers have grown 2.3 million. In
this past quarter, we saw digital MVPDs grow by over 1.5 million, representing sequential quarterly growth
of over 20%.

As we have highlighted in the past, the natural seasonality of our business means the second quarter is
traditionally the low watermark from an EBITDA margin standpoint. This is primarily due to the timing
of broadcast, sports and entertainment expenses that are concentrated in the fall season. This includes
the investments in sports and entertainment content of the FOX Network, which, as we have previously
outlined, set us up well to complete our remaining distribution renewals in this cycle and achieve our
longer-term financial targets.

Let me now take you through our second quarter results, and along the way, remind you of some key
factors that shape the remainder of our fiscal year.

In the second quarter, the company reported total revenues of $3.78 billion, up 5% over the comparative
period in fiscal 2019, reflecting revenue growth across all operating segments. EBITDA was $261 million,
which compares to the $445 million generated in the prior year period, as growth at the cable segment
was more than offset by lower operating results for the television segment and the impact of corporate
expenses at the other segment now being reported on an actual basis. The latter reflects the costs of Fox
operating as a stand-alone public company in the current year quarter versus the presentation of carve-
out financial statements in the prior year.

From a bottom line perspective, net income attributable to stockholders of $300 million or $0.48 per share
was higher than the $8 million or $0.01 per share in the prior year quarter. This growth was primarily
due to the change in fair value of the company's investments recognized in other net, including the Stars
Group and Roku, which together have a current market value of approximately $1.1 billion.

Excluding this impact and other onetime items, adjusted EPS of $0.10 was down compared to last year's
$0.43 per share, reflecting the change in EBITDA and interest expense, which as we have flagged in the
past, now reflects the amount associated with operating as a stand-alone company.

So now turning to the performance of our operating segments for the quarter, where cable network
EBITDA of $556 million was up 7% on revenue growth of 2%. Cable affiliate revenues increased 2%
as the impact of higher average rates across essentially all of our brands was partially offset by the net

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FOX CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

decrease in pay television subscribers that I mentioned earlier. Assuming current subscriber volume trends
continue, we continue to anticipate modestly accelerating growth in cable affiliate revenue in the second
half of the fiscal year as the full impact of rate resets from recent renegotiations begin to take effect.

Cable advertising revenues decreased 5% due to few units at FOX News Media, including higher
preemptions associated with its breaking news coverage of the impeachment hearings; and the absence
of the UFC programming at the national sports networks. These impacts were partially offset by strong
results from our coverage of the MLB American League Championship Series between New York Yankees
and Houston Astros on FOX Sports 1.

Cable other revenues grew by $32 million. This increase was driven by higher sports sublicensing revenue
and pay-per-view boxing revenues associated with the heavyweight bout between Wilder and Ortiz as well
as subscription revenues from FOX Nation.

EBITDA in our cable segment increased 7% over the prior year, reflecting these higher revenues
while costs were essentially held flat. From a cost perspective, savings from our nonrenewal of UFC
programming were offset by the contractual increases on existing sports rights agreements at the national
sports networks, along with higher costs at FOX News Media, which includes our investment in digital.

It is worth noting that we anticipate elevated growth in cable segment expenses in our fiscal third quarter
versus the prior year. This is driven by increased costs at our national sports networks, reflecting both
contractual increases for our sports rights and the production costs of the shoulder programming around
the broadcast of Super Bowl LIV. It also includes increased costs at FOX News Media related to our
coverage of the presidential election and continued investment in Fox Nation.

The television segment reported an EBITDA loss of $214 million, higher than the loss of $14 million in the
prior year quarter on revenue growth of 5%. The revenue growth was led by an 18% increase in television
affiliate revenues, reflecting double-digit programming fee growth from non-owned station affiliates and
double-digit direct retransmission revenue growth at our owned and operated stations.

Television advertising revenues in the quarter increased $39 million or 2%. This was achieved despite us
lapping the record political advertising revenues at our owned and operated stations from the midterm
elections in the prior year quarter. This result was underpinned by the very robust advertising market
conditions that Lachlan just described, coupled with stronger NFL ratings, the programming successes
we have delivered at FOX Entertainment, a compelling 7-game World Series, and the introduction to the
schedule of WWE Friday Night SmackDown.

EBITDA at our television segment decreased $200 million over the prior year as an increase in expenses
of over $300 million more than offset strong revenue growth. The increase in expenses was due to
the anticipated increase in sports programming amortization and production expenses, led by the NFL,
along with the investments we have made in television segment programming. During the quarter, these
investments included the premier of WWE, the expansion of original entertainment programming and our
participation in co-production arrangements with third-party studios.

Finally, from a P&L perspective, the net EBITDA loss in our other segment amounted to $81 million,
which reflects a full quarter of stand-alone costs as opposed to the carve-out basis of presentation in the
corresponding quarter of the prior year.

Turning now to cash flow. Over the first 6 months of fiscal 2020, the company generated negative free
cash flow of $366 million, which we calculate as net cash used in operating activities plus cash invested in
property, plant and equipment. As a reminder, this anticipated use of capital reflects the typical seasonality
you should expect to see in the business. Here, the first half of our fiscal year is impacted by the working
capital deficit that results from the concentration of our annual sports rights payments and the recognized
but yet to collect peak advertising revenues that are associated with our sports and entertainment
programming in the full broadcast season. These factors will reverse in the second half of our fiscal year
as we harvest cash from the collection on prior quarter's advertising revenues and payments for sports
rights subside, resulting in a significant cash surplus.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FOX CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

On a full year basis, we will benefit from the natural low working capital usage of our business along with
our cash tax benefit, and we'll therefore convert a significant percentage of the company's EBITDA to free
cash flow.

From an overall balance sheet perspective, we ended the quarter with just under $2 billion in cash and
$6.8 billion in debt. As Lachlan mentioned earlier, we have completed the initial $500 million stock
repurchase goal that we outlined 3 months ago, comprising $350 million of Class A shares and $150
million of Class B shares. You will also have seen that we just declared our semi-annual dividend of $0.23
a share.

Finally, as part of our balanced approach to capital allocation, we closed on the acquisition of a 67% stake
in Credible Labs in early October. And with regulatory approvals now secured, we expect to soon close
the previously announced Nexstar television stations transaction at a net purchase price of approximately
$300 million.

And with that, I would now like to turn the call back to Joe.

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer & Executive VP of Corporate Initiatives
Thank you, Steve. And now we'd be happy to take questions from the investment community.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FOX CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson.

Michael Brian Nathanson
MoffettNathanson LLC

I have 2 for anyone who wants to take it. So first one is, when you guys separated this new company
out, the assumption was that you'd have more bargaining clout with distributors because you have less
channels to defend. As Lachlan said, you achieved your goals and these negotiations just happened. Could
you give us a sense of what those goals were, and maybe how the goals have changed given the change
in terms of landscape for cord cutting?

And then secondly, I believe you still own 5% stake in Roku. Could you talk about how that asset fits in
with your capital allocation scheme, especially in light of what happened last week with the impasse you
guys had with Roku?

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Michael, thank you very much for the question -- 2 questions. John, do you want to address our success
with affiliate fees? And I'll address Roku.

John P. Nallen
Chief Operating Officer

Yes. So Michael, thanks. The -- I would say the first 6 months of the year was unprecedented for us with
the amount of renewals that we had, all of which were successful against our internal plans. And you're
right, when we said in the separation that our goals were different than we were at 21CF, it was because
we now have the opportunity to use the full power and leverage of both FOX Network and FOX news on
a pricing standpoint and a full distribution standpoint. And your phrase of bargaining clout, those, as
Lachlan referred to earlier, are the 2 most successful television channels in America right now. So we were
able to use that to achieve multi-year pricing for those channels at levels that were at or above what we
planned and distribution fully with our distribution partners. So I think those were the 2 that we were
really focused on.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

And in light of that, Michael, I think we can say that -- I know we can say that our announced expectation
that we will do $1 billion of additional affiliate revenue by calendar '22, we are absolutely still expecting to
hit that number and cross that hurdle. So -- and that's factoring in the subscriber volume declines. So I
think we're really doing a terrific job in driving those affiliate fees.

In regards to Roku, as sort of widely reported last Friday, our distribution deal with Roku was expiring.
We went through, frankly, a very normal course sort of negotiation with them, not unlike the negotiations
we have with all of our distributors. What happens in these negotiations, and often this is what becomes
public, is both sides prepare for a non-resolution of the issues. But ultimately, they, like all of our
distributors and platforms, saw the value of the FOX brands and content on their platform, and we
were able to resolve our differences and agreed to a new agreement, really, I think, to mutual benefit.
Throughout it all, it was very professional. We have a huge regard for Anthony Wood and his management
team at Roku. We think they're doing a tremendous stake. They've positioned the company to really be
one of the leading, if not the lead beneficiary of over-the-top streaming, and we are happy shareholders in
the company.

I think we're ready for the next question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FOX CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

On FOX News, you've seen such a great rebound, which, given the news environment, looks like this
momentum will continue. I guess my question is how well can you capitalize on the ratings growth from an
advertising perspective? Do you have enough inventory to sell?

And then just a follow-up on the NFL. Any color you can give us in terms of when you think the discussions
for the renewal might really kick in?

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

So on advertising. So we -- you're right, we're obviously doing well because of our ratings strength. And
obviously, not just at the FOX Network, but at FOX News as well. And the -- as I mentioned in my earlier
comments, we see that ratings strength really just continuing. In fact last night, over the State of the
Union broadcast, I think -- well, I know because I've seen the numbers, maybe many of you have already,
but FOX News ratings were double the ratings of CNN and MSNBC combined. So it really is a tremendous
performance.

What we've been doing, and I think others have followed our lead, is working to build in as many
advertising units as we can. This includes using the innovative use of, sort of, squeezing back advertising
and having sort of a split screen sort of experience where you can cover some breaking news, while also
showing the ad or the ad break. So we are gathering as much of that revenue as possible.

I think the important note though around FOX News advertising is really the expansion in the number of
marketers and partners that we have on FOX News. There's a growing sense in the market that if you
want to reach Middle America, there's no better place than placing your brand, your advertising than on
FOX News. So the advertising team is doing a tremendous job. And we expect to capture a significant
amount of sort of the upside revenue as we run through this political season. And that's not to say, that I
haven't mentioned it, the local stations, obviously, in California, we have 2 markets; in Texas, where we
have 3 markets; North Carolina; Virginia; Minnesota and now with the addition soon of Wisconsin, we are
very well placed in swing states, where there'll be a significant amount of advertising spend towards this
election.

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer & Executive VP of Corporate Initiatives

Second part of the question.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Oh, the NFL, sorry. I was too verbose on the first part of the question. NFL renewal conversations have --
are early stages, but they certainly have begun. We obviously spent practically all of last week with the
NFL, both the administration and many of the terrific families or the owners of the teams. We feel we're in
a good place to work with them as our most important partner to renew our rights going forward, but it's
early days in the conversations.

Operator

Our next question will be from the line of Michael Morris with Guggenheim.

Michael C. Morris
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FOX CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

On the affiliate revenue in the fiscal second quarter, you guided to sort of a similar level to what you saw
in the first, but you reported that acceleration. My question is can you parse that? Was it all virtual MVPD-
driven? Were there other parts? Did it have anything to do with your new renewals that you've done? And
is that an incremental tailwind as you move into the step-up next year that will also be beneficial?

And then just on the digital side, you've been clear about your partnerships with your traditional providers.
You have left the door open to doing something digital. I believe that's the case, if or when the time came
that, that would make sense? If you look at your current content base, do you have what you need to
perhaps pursue that? Or are there specific places that you would still want to bolster to have a product
ready?

Steven Silvester Tomsic
Chief Financial Officer

Do you want me to take that? I'll take the affiliate. So Michael, in terms of the affiliates, a combination
of what you just outlined. So we got the benefit of an increase in that stub period in the final quarter of
the calendar year with a couple of the renewals that we completed last calendar year. The other piece
to it is just a little bit around subscriber mix, where we obviously talk to the sort of heightened level of
growth at the digital MVPDs, and given the sort of more recent deal vintage there, the pricing is a little bit
better than some of the older deals, and so we benefited from that. But it doesn't. As I said in my opening
remarks, we continue to expect that we'll get progressive increases in cable affiliate growth going into the
second half of our fiscal year.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

And then, Michael, on the digital question, I think we're always going to play to our strengths. And our
strengths are very clearly live news, live sports and big event entertainment programming. And if we --
you asked, do we have what we need to succeed in those sectors? Whether it's on broadcast or in a direct-
to-consumer experience, we have 2 of the most watched channels in America, the #1 broadcast network
and the #1 cable channel. So clearly, our audiences are engaging with our content. They're engaging with
our content today in a number of different forms, not just broadcast. I mentioned in my earlier remarks,
I think it was 11.7 million people watched the Super Bowl via streaming, our broadcast Super Bowl via
streaming. And 70%, which is actually remarkable numbers, 70% of those -- of that 11.7 million watched
it on platforms that we own. So I think we are already sort of progressing down that path.

And I should also just call out Fox Nation, which is obviously a really excellent sort of direct-to-consumer
product out of FOX News. 80% of the people who sample Fox Nation, who take our free trial, 80% of them
convert to paid subscribers. And December and January were the 2 highest months in history in terms of
both subscriber acquisition, but also, and just as importantly, in terms of engagement on the platform. So
we're really very happy with how Fox Nation is progressing as well.

Operator

Our next question will be from Doug Mitchelson with Crédit Suisse.

Douglas David Mitchelson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

It's interesting to hear you mention sort of investments in direct-to-consumer. So I just wanted to
continue along that theme. Is this sort of an urgent priority for the company or something that you just
want to lean into the next 3 years -- a few years to capture growth? And I think what investors want to
know is, at what point would you take FOX Broadcast Network or FOX News, put them online a la carte at
maybe a big premium to your wholesale rate? But what has to happen in the broader environment for that
to become an interesting pivot for the company?

And if I could, I was just going to ask John an [ intervening ] question, you had Masked Singer on last
year, second half of the season as well. So you're starting to comp year-over-year on that. But I imagine

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FOX CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

the ad rates this year are a little bit better than the ad rates last year, and any sort of color around sort of
ad rate increase on that show would be super interesting.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Doug, thank you very much. Look, it's something we're always looking at, but we also have an eye on
not damaging the current business model, where we generate still a tremendous and growing amount of
revenue from our cable subscribers. So I think that we have the capability to go direct consumer. We took
the technology that we built with us when we separated from Disney. We are running direct-to-consumer
businesses with FOX Sports in pay-per-view, with Fox Nation and in a different manner through Credible.
So we're happy where we are now, and we'll see what the future brings.

John P. Nallen
Chief Operating Officer

And Doug, just look, advertising, I think both Lachlan and Steve touched on advertising. We just haven't
seen markets like this for a while. And each of our products is leaning into this, each of our shows and
whether it's entertainment or sports. But just as guide, you'll remember the upfront was up 10%, and
scatter is now up over 20% on top of that. So it's not like Masked Singer was fully sold in the upfront. So
we're enjoying the benefit of what is a very active market right now.

Operator

Our last question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UPS -- or UBS.

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. Maybe for Lachlan, following up on the political question and the $200 million. Can you give us
some more color on the sort of the pacing, as you saw that spend in the last election cycle through the
year and maybe the benefits you saw on it, maybe the sort of TV side versus the cable side?

And then secondly, and it's maybe for Steve, the -- you completed the $500 million buyback, obviously,
very low leverage. How should we think of the buyback pacing going forward?

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

I'll let John answer the buyback piece. But I mean -- I don't want to steal your thunder, John, but we fully
expect to spend the remaining amount of the $1.5 billion that we have approval to buy back shares. So --
but I'll let John give some more detail on that.

Thank you for the headline. So sorry, John. On the political pacing, it's really -- it's very strong, but we're
at the very beginning of it. Obviously, we've seen some national advertising from both sides of the political
spectrum. On the local side, we haven't seen any advertising yet locally from the President's reelection
campaign. But of course, you've seen a lot of advertising already starting to come in from the Democratic
side. It's relatively short. And I think it was reported, the Bloomberg campaign has expected to sort of
double its advertising spend earlier this week, but the Bloomberg campaign is buying on a week-to-week
basis. So it's hard to project that out. But obviously, we expect it to be very strong, and particularly, as I
mentioned, in the markets of our local TV stations.

John P. Nallen
Chief Operating Officer

John, it's John. I'll just -- I'll end it on really something Lachlan said at the beginning, and this is with
respect to the buyback, which is our commitment to returns of capital to the shareholders is just an
integral element of the overall balanced capital allocation. We committed to a $2 billion authorization, and
we're going to complete that.

Joseph Dorrego

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FOX CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

Chief Investor Relations Officer & Executive VP of Corporate Initiatives

Okay. At this point, we are out of time. But if you have any further questions, please give me or Dan Carey
a call. Thank you once again for joining today's call.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thanks, everyone.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and
for using AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FOX CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

