Fox Corporation NasdaqGS:FOXA
FQ1 2022 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, November 03, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2022-

-FQ2 2022-

-FY 2022-

-FY 2023-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.03

1.11

Revenue  (mm)

2940.54

3045.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2021 3:58 AM GMT

7.77

3.55

0.05

2.80

3.41

4173.99

13466.40

14358.23

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

FQ1 2022

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

(0.04)

0.57

0.58

1.03

0.16

0.88

0.65

1.11

NM

54.39 %

12.07 %

7.77 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FOX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John P. Nallen
Chief Operating Officer

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer
& Executive VP of Corporate
Initiatives

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Steven Silvester Tomsic
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Douglas David Mitchelson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jessica Jean Reif Ehrlich
BofA Securities, Research Division

Robert S. Fishman
MoffettNathanson LLC

Steven Lee Cahall
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FOX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fox Corporation First Quarter 2022
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

Now I'll turn the conference over to Chief Investor Relations Officer, Mr. Joe Dorrego. Please go ahead.

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer & Executive VP of Corporate Initiatives

Thank you, operator. Good afternoon and welcome to our fiscal 2022 first quarter earnings call. Joining
me on the call today are Lachlan Murdoch, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Nallen,
Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Tomsic, our Chief Financial Officer. First, Lachlan and Steve will give
some prepared remarks on the most recent quarter, and then we'll take questions from the investment
community.

Please note that this call may include forward-looking statements regarding Fox Corporation's financial
performance and operating results. These statements are based on management's current expectations,
and actual results could differ from what is stated as a result of certain factors identified on today's call
and in the company's SEC filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measures,
including adjusted EBITDA or EBITDA, as we refer to it on this call. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial
measures are included in our earnings release and our SEC filings, which are available on the Investor
Relations section of our website.

And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Lachlan.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon and thank you all for joining us to discuss our first quarter results.

We've started off the 2022 fiscal year strongly, supported by industry-leading affiliate revenue growth and
the healthiest ad market we have seen in some time. This momentum is clearly seen across our operating
businesses, which includes the return to a full slate of live events at FOX Sports, the expansion of ratings
leadership at FOX News, and continued exceptional growth from Tubi. Audiences are migrating to live
news, sports and streaming, underscoring the operational and financial pillars that have defined our short
history as Fox Corporation.

This quarter continued to demonstrate the strength of our businesses, where we delivered 12% growth in
top line revenues, led by a 17% increase in advertising and near double-digit growth in affiliate revenues.

On the advertising front, Fox is uniquely benefiting from a healthy national ad market, where brands are
increasingly seeking out engaged, real-time audiences at scale that only live news and sports platforms
deliver. This strong market is also benefiting Tubi and our FOX News digital assets, which provide targeted
audiences to advertisers across many platforms. And despite comparisons to a heavy political ad cycle last
year, our local markets are also performing well.

On the affiliate revenue side, we again have best-in-class growth, reflective of the power that our core
brands hold in the pay TV universe. Our commitment to keeping our highest-profile content, like the NFL,
exclusive to our distribution partners gives us confidence that the healthy annual price escalators we've
commanded for our brands over the past renewal cycles will carry over into the next. While Steve will
walk you through our financial performance in more detail shortly, I'll now turn to the operating highlights
across our businesses.

You've heard it from me before, and all of our advertisers know well that Fox owns the fall through our
football and baseball coverage at FOX Sports. And this fall is once again proof of that fact. NFL viewership

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FOX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

is up across the industry. College football is back in full force, and we have just concluded a highly
competitive Major League Baseball postseason. And throughout it all, FOX Sports has been expanding its
live coverage to deliver viewers more of the content that they want.

The NFL is off to a great start, seeing solid growth in overall viewership through the first 8 weeks of the
season. Excluding a rather complicated week 1 comparison, FOX's NFL viewership is up 8% over last year.
And our schedule only gets better from here.

College football has also seen solid growth. By all measures, it's off to its best start in recent memory.
Season-to-date, average viewership of our college football games on FOX is up nearly 20% over 2019,
the most appropriate comparison given the postponements and cancellations that characterized last year's
COVID-impacted schedule. FOX's marquee, Big Noon window, is averaging more than 5 million viewers,
while our Saturday morning pre-game show, Big Noon Kickoff, is also seeing viewership up nearly 20%
over 2019 levels.

Moving from the football field to the baseball diamond. Major League Baseball has been a bright spot
this year. The inaugural Field of Dreams games again this summer was a great success, clocking nearly
6 million viewers and delivering the most watched regular season baseball game in 16 years. It drew
viewers en masse, notably women and teens, and from a business standpoint was the highest revenue-
generating regular season game of all time. This game was something that only the FOX Sports team
could envision and produce, deftly tapping into the nation's desire for an uplifting event, underpinned by
nostalgia and optimism. We all look forward to returning to Iowa in August 22 for next season's Field of
Dreams game.

The momentum from the Major League Baseball regular season has translated into the post season in
what has been a superb world series for FOX. In fact, the World Series is the only content this season
outside of the NFL to average over 11 million viewers and will easily outrate the NBA finals to rank as the
#2 championship events in professional sports this year.

And today, we are happy to announce the expansion of our international soccer portfolio with a landmark
rights agreement for the UEFA European Championship. We will have access to more than 1,500 matches,
highlighted by the 2024 and 2028 Euros, along with the UEFA Nations League, World Cup and Euro
Qualifiers and International Friendlies. And this is on top of our existing international soccer portfolio,
which, as you know, already boasts the FIFA Men's and Women's World Cups.

Importantly, we have also acquired sports betting rights alongside our coverage of these UEFA
competitions, including integration opportunities with FOX Bet and FOX Bet Super 6, which are already
benefiting from our existing sports rights portfolio. At the end of the quarter, the user base for FOX Bet
Super 6 exceeded 5 million players, making it the biggest free-to-play sports betting game in the country.

Beyond our direct investments and options in the wagering area, our national networks and local stations
are benefiting from the legalization of gambling across the country. Take the FOX Television Stations as
an example. Sports betting is only legalized in 6 of our 18 FOX markets. And yet, we have already written
approximately 20% more sports betting revenue at this early point of the fiscal year than we did across all
of fiscal '21 combined. This implies that this new category will end the year as one of the largest in local
advertising.

Staying with local advertising. The overall market trends for us are quite positive, with travel,
entertainment and pharmaceutical categories proving particularly robust. While we continue to observe
some softness in automotive, this is being more than offset by growth in other areas, including sports
betting. Excluding political spending, our core local advertising was up again this quarter.

At FOX News Media, linear and digital segments are performing very well. The FOX News Channel has
further solidified its leadership position in cable news, reaching market share levels that are now at
multiyear highs. In both total day and prime time, the FOX News channel accounted for over 50% of cable
news viewership during the first quarter, more than CNN and MSNBC combined. This momentum has
accelerated into the current quarter, with FOX News Channel accounting for 55% of total day and prime

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FOX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

time cable news viewership in the month of October. And I should just say here, as an aside, last night,
saw a viewership share of the FOX News channel of 65% of all of cable news of year-end, 65%.

The first quarter also marked the seventh straight quarter that the FOX News channel was #1 in all of
basic cable for prime time, and this ratings leadership continues even into the late night hours. Gutfeld!
regularly outpaces nearly all late-night programs on cable and broadcast television, even besting the CBS
Late Show with Stephen Colbert on select nights.

At FOX Nation, the complementary streaming service to FOX News, our total subscriber count was up
nearly 25% compared to last quarter, and up over 130% compared to the same quarter last year. Not
only are new subscribers seeking out FOX Nation, they are also staying with the platform longer. The first
quarter was FOX Nation's highest quarter for engagement and the best quarter for subscriber retention.

The momentum at FOX Nation has continued into the current quarter with the addition of the iconic series,
Cops. This show, which was a staple of the FOX Network for so many years, launched on October 1 and
has quickly become one of the most popular titles on the platform.

And we recently launched another digital product under the FOX News Media umbrella, FOX Weather.
The FOX Weather app and its 24/7 free, ad-supported streaming service debuted last week as the most
downloaded free app in the App Store ahead of TikTok, YouTube and other social media platforms. Since
launch, the FOX Weather app has been downloaded over 1 million times. In just its first week of existence,
users generated over 28 million page views and spent over 42 million minutes engaging with the product.

Using the strength of our national and local news operations, we're excited about the prospects for FOX
Weather and our ability to be a leading player in this space, delivering compelling live content to viewers
and serving as a desirable platform for advertisers to reach our valuable audiences. The FOX Weather
streaming service is currently available for free on all FOX News Media digital properties as well as on
FOX NOW. The distribution and availability of FOX Weather will expand in the near term, with a launch
later this month on Tubi, followed by YouTube TV and the major streaming platforms, making Fox Weather
ubiquitously available well before the end of our fiscal year.

Our digital strategy is focused and sets Fox apart from its media peers. Our strategy is deliberately less
capital-intensive than what others in the industry are currently pursuing. Our approach to investment is
to develop businesses that are extensions of rather than replacements for our existing lines of business,
thereby creating revenue streams that are truly incremental to Fox.

Tubi is a prime example of our unique approach to streaming compared to others in the media landscape.
We program and monetize Tubi in distinct contrast to the SVOD approach of many other media companies.
And we're more than pleased with the results. While others compete aggressively in the SVOD space,
investing heavily in content and promotion, we identified the opportunity to be a leader in AVOD, a
strategy, which aligns with our advertiser- and audience-focused approach company-wide.

As SVOD platforms face the challenges of subscriber acquisition and retention and ever-increasing
programming costs, Fox has carved out a differentiated and unique path. Tubi's measured investment in
its content library and original programming is delivering solid returns.

In addition to serving viewers with a content library of more than 35,000 titles, which is more than 5x the
size of Netflix's library, Tubi's unique original content strategy is already seeing early signs of success. Out
of the first 4 original films that Tubi released this year, 2 of which have performed so well in the quarter
that they have already generated advertising revenue well above their local production costs, meaning
they are already generating a positive return on investment. Tubi's deep understanding of its audience is a
key asset as Tubi original movies outperformed blockbuster movies available on the platform.

The growth at Tubi continues to exceed even our best expectations for the business when we acquired
it. Tubi will generate significantly more revenue this fiscal year than our cost to purchase the platform in
early 2020. In the first quarter of the fiscal year, Tubi more than doubled its revenues year-over-year. And
total view time on the platform, TVT, Tubi's key metric, continues to climb with 30% growth compared to
last year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FOX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Fox's content and reach have supercharged Tubi's revenue and audience. News on Tubi, a collection of
70 news channels, is anchored by live news from the FOX Television Stations and has drawn viewers for
increasingly long periods of time. Since launching last fall, news on Tubi viewership has grown over 130%.
And Tubi continues to expand its linear offerings with the recent launch of Sports on Tubi, which further
leverages FOX's content expertise with premium sports channels, including FOX Sports, the NFL Network
and the MLB Network.

Also, FOX Entertainment recently acquired TMZ. The acquisition of TMZ fits perfectly with our focus on
live programming and gives us an array of possibilities to rapidly expand a brand and platform that have
long been one of the cornerstones of our local TV stations. FOX Entertainment is focusing on bringing the
TMZ brand to all parts of the Fox portfolio, including further monetizing the TMZ brand across the FOX TV
Stations, developing TMZ-branded content for Tubi and amplifying TMZ's digital presence.

Finally, and this is just a lot of fun, we are very pleased with the early results of our investment in
blockchain, Creative Labs. Through this investment, we own a share of the underpinning marketplace and
wallet technologies that power these next-generation experiences. We recently launched the MaskVerse
alongside the current season of The Masked Singer, in which fans of the show have downloaded over
120,000 NFT packs and created over 100,000 wallets on the platform. We look forward to the expansion
of this business through our NFT partnership with the WWE. This further highlights the marketing power of
the Fox broadcast network to drive new businesses and the creative and entrepreneurial spirit of all of us
here at Fox.

Clearly, the fiscal year is off to an excellent start, and we are encouraged by the outlook for the rest of
the year. Our strategy to focus on the broadcast of live event programming that audiences crave, like
sports and news, which, coupled with the addition of Tubi, puts us in an enviable competitive position.
This intentionally differentiated portfolio and approach will further propel our growth and drive exceptional
value for shareholders.

Now Steve will take us through the financial details of the first quarter.

Steven Silvester Tomsic
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Lachlan, and good afternoon. Our strong operational execution across our businesses has led to
another quarter of impressive financial results. Let me walk you through our start to the fiscal year before
providing some markers that will be helpful as we think through the quarters ahead.

In the first quarter of fiscal '22, the company reported total revenues of $3.05 billion, up 12% over
the first quarter of fiscal '21, reflecting revenue growth across all operating segments. Total company
affiliate revenues increased 9%, with 14% growth at the Television segment and 5.5% growth at the cable
segment. The rate of subscriber declines held steady in the quarter, with trailing 12-month industry sub
losses again running at approximately 4.5%.

Total company's advertising revenues increased 17%, reflecting strength in the national and local
marketplaces, the return of normalized programming schedules following the COVID-related
postponements and cancellations last year, and continued strong growth at Tubi. It is worth noting that
this total company growth was achieved despite the comparison to the prior year quarter when we
generated nearly $100 million in net political advertising revenues leading into the presidential election.

Total company other revenues increased 15% in the quarter, primarily due to the return of sports
sublicensing revenues and pay-per-view boxing at the cable segment. Quarterly adjusted EBITDA was
$1.06 billion, down 9% against the comparative period in fiscal '21, reflecting higher operating expenses
associated with the return of normalized sports and entertainment programming, and as we signaled on
our fiscal '21 year-end call, increased digital investment at FOX News Media and Tubi.

Net income attributable to stockholders of $701 million or $1.21 per share was down versus the $1.11
billion or $1.83 per share in the prior year quarter. This variance reflects the EBITDA movement I
just described, along with the onetime gain recognized in other net in the prior year quarter. This was
associated with the reimbursement of a cash tax prepayment from Disney in relation to its acquisition

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FOX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

of 21st Century Fox. Excluding the impact of noncore items, adjusted EPS of $1.11 in the current year
quarter was down modestly when compared to the $1.18 reported in the prior year quarter.

Turning to the performance of our operating segments in the quarter, where Cable Networks reported
a 7% increase in revenues. Cable affiliate revenues increased 5.5%, once again led by double-digit
pricing gains at FOX News. Cable advertising revenues increased 4%, supported by the return of a full
slate of college football games at the national sports networks following the COVID-related disruptions
that occurred last year as well as the addition of international soccer matches, including the Gold Cup.
Cable advertising growth was also helped by double-digit digital revenue growth at FOX News Media, but
partially offset by lower linear advertising revenues at the FOX News Channel due to the absence of the
political cycle that we experienced in the prior year.

Cable other revenues increased by $26 million, primarily due to the return of sports sublicensing revenues
and pay-per-view boxing following the COVID disruptions last year as well as continued subscription
momentum at FOX Nation. EBITDA at our Cable segment was down $7 million versus the prior year period
as this healthy revenue growth was offset by higher programming costs at the national sports networks,
primarily due to the sports scheduling changes I just mentioned and the anticipated increase in digital
investment at FOX News Media, including costs associated with last week's launch of FOX Weather.

Now turning to Television, where we reported a 17% increase in revenues in the quarter. Television
affiliate revenues increased 14%, reflecting double-digit increases for both our programming fees from
non-owned station affiliates and for our direct retransmission revenues at our owned and operated
stations. This once again reaffirms we are well on track to achieve the Television affiliate revenue growth
we outlined at our Investor Day.

Television advertising revenues increased 22%, supported by a strong ad marketplace, normalized
schedules on the FOX Network and sustained momentum at Tubi. At FOX Sport, we benefited from a full
slate of college football, the return of the MLB All-Star Game, and the inaugural broadcast of the Field of
Dreams game, all of which were disrupted by COVID last year.

At FOX Entertainment, we resumed a more traditional full schedule, anchored by our primary scripted
and unscripted hits as compared to a schedule last year that was hampered by COVID-related production
delays, which compromised the quality of the programming slate.

At the FOX Television Stations, we continue to observe a meaningful rebound in the base market with our
core ad revenues up high single digits, which partially offset the absence of historic political advertising
revenues that we experienced last year.

Rounding out the Television segment, as Lachlan mentioned, Tubi more than doubled its revenues against
the prior year. The fact that growth in monetization is outpacing the significant growth in total view time is
testament to the revenue synergies delivered from bringing Tubi into the Fox portfolio.

Finally, EBITDA at our Television segment was down $98 million against the prior year period as this
healthy revenue growth was offset by higher programming costs, primarily associated with the normalized
sports and entertainment schedules at the FOX Network, and increased digital investment at Tubi.

Turning now to cash flow, where our free cash flow deficit of $24 million is consistent with the seasonality
of our working capital cycle, where the first half of our fiscal year is characterized by a concentration of
payments for sports rights and the buildup of advertising-related receivables, both of which reversed
in the second half of our fiscal year. So far this fiscal year, we have returned $440 million of capital to
shareholders, comprising approximately $140 million in the form of our semiannual dividend payment and
a further $300 million directed towards our ongoing share repurchase program.

Against our enhanced buyback authorization of $4 billion, we have now cumulatively repurchased
approximately $1.9 billion, representing over 9% of our total shares outstanding since the launch of the
buyback program in November 2019. From a balance sheet perspective, we ended the quarter with $5.4
billion in cash and $7.95 billion in debt.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FOX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

As we look out over the remainder of our fiscal year, we'd like to remind you of a handful of markers.
Firstly, our fiscal Q2 will comp against the heightened news cycle and record political revenues of nearly
$250 million that we delivered across the company in the December quarter of last year, most of which
was earned in our Television segment. On our last call, we discussed our plans to invest $200 million
to $300 million on a net EBITDA basis into the expansion and acceleration of our digital assets. With a
relatively modest amount deployed to date, the phasing of these investments will be skewed towards the
final 3 quarters of the fiscal year.

From an affiliate revenue perspective, there are at least 2 things worth calling out. Firstly, you will recall
that last year's college football season was shortened and included a number of game cancellations. As
such, we will have the tailwind of comparing against an accrual for potential distribution credits booked at
the national sports networks in the December quarter of last year. And secondly, as I mentioned on our
last call, we have a light affiliate renewal cycle with only 5% of our total company distribution revenues
up for renewal this year. As a result, we expect the growth in affiliate revenues to moderate over the
course of this fiscal year before we see the progress from more meaningful rate increases from the 70% of
total company affiliate revenues that come due across our fiscal '23 and '24. And the start of our affiliate
revenue cycle next year is just one piece of what should be an exceptional fiscal '23 for Fox as we look
ahead to Super Bowl LVII, the FIFA World Cup, the early exit of our Thursday Night Football deal and
November's midterm elections.

And with that, I'll now turn the call back to Joe.

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer & Executive VP of Corporate Initiatives
Thank you, Steve. And now we'd be happy to take questions from the investment community.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FOX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan.

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

My one question is maybe on the sports side. Can you talk a bit about how you can -- your ability to sort
of leverage more your incredible brand you have in sports and all the rights that you have in sports longer
term? Is there a consideration of a greater sort of digital strategy beyond what you're already doing with
Tubi?

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Alexia. Look, I think it's twofold for us. And what we're currently focused on is obviously
leveraging our sports brand and sports content through FOX Bet. First through FOX Bet Super 6, and then
obviously, as we drop sports wagers down into the wagering sides at FOX Bet. So we continue to like that
business. We continue to really drive that business and spend a lot of time promoting and marketing it and
really building value through our, I think, pretty unique sports wagering assets. That's number one.

And number two, and I think this is important for us because obviously what drives the sports businesses
is, first and foremost, live sports and live sports content. And so we've taken a very clear and very -- clear
strategy, and we've been very open about and very vocal about it, is that we believe the best place for our
premium sports is on our broadcast networks. That drives the most value for us. It drives the most value
for our affiliates and for the distributors that partner with us with retransmission fees. So by really keeping
our content exclusive with our partners, we think we drive a tremendous amount of value, not just for us
but for the whole ecosystem.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Jessica Reif Alich from Bank of America Securities.

Jessica Jean Reif Ehrlich
BofA Securities, Research Division

I have one multipart question, of course. So I mean this is a news question. So the 65% share last night
is pretty astounding. But even before that, the -- there's been a record amount of money raised from
both parties before the election. And after yesterday, there's probably a lot more to come. So I guess the
question is, can you talk about monetization across your various assets, FOX News and TV? Does it -- the
second part of that is just measurement has been a real issue for everybody. Does that affect your news,
like how you monetize news? And then I was just -- since you brought up news on Tubi, just on content
in general, I guess, can you just talk about your outlook for how Tubi's content profile will change in the
coming year?

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Jessica. So let me start with news monetization, and I think you connected sort of some of the
political revenues that we've seen over these past 12 months. And what we're continuing to see and we
believe the midterm elections and contest next year bode to be truly staggering.

So news monetization, as you mentioned, the -- our share of audience is, [ in and out ], 55% of cable
news viewers, is incredibly impressive. It's a lot of hard work to build that share and maintain it. One of
the interesting things as a byproduct of that share is really the breadth of our audience as well. We have
more independents watching FOX News than anyone else. And interestingly, we have just about an equal
amount of Democrats watching FOX News as watch CNN, according to Nielsen.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FOX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

So the breadth of the audience, the fact the audience is also demographically becoming broader, is
actually bringing in new advertisers and new categories of advertisers onto the news platform. So it's
incredibly pleasing to see we're seeing scatter pricing for news well above upfronts, and the market is
strong.

Obviously, local news is a big part of our news business as well. We now produce over 1,100 hours of local
news per week. Many of our stations are now in -- if they weren't battleground states before, they're now
-- after last night, there are now battleground states. And we see a tremendous opportunity for them
going forward and there's some -- and as the next political cycle approaches.

As far as Nielsen goes, I think Nielsen is all -- we, like others, I believe that the Nielsen data is imperfect.
We'd like to see Nielsen invest further in their data-gathering capabilities. I think it affects lower-rated,
more fragmented sections of the market more than us, more than particularly in sort of a mass scale of
our news audiences and sports audiences.

Lastly, on Tubi, I want to get to your third question, Jessica. I can't remember the specifics of the
question. It was...

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer & Executive VP of Corporate Initiatives

Building out the Tubi content.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Building out the Tubi content. It's -- there's 2 elements of it. It's obviously the original content on Tubi.
These, as you know, are very inexpensive made-for-TV movies. As we mentioned, they are all designed to
be profitable in the very short term. Two of them were profitable within months, which was tremendous to
see.

And the second element of the strategy is streaming kind of fast channels, right? Linear channels such as
-- we have now with Sports on Tubi and with News on Tubi, which are very low cost but are helping drive
the Tubi too.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.

Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

For any of you, there's been obviously a lot of focus on sort of the ad market and the potential supply
chain issues for some verticals. You guys didn't mention any of that. So I'm just wondering if you're seeing
any softness in the television market sitting here as we head into the holidays. And I was just curious on
Tubi, if you had international plans that you'd want to share with us on taking that platform overseas in a
substantial way over the next couple of years.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Ben. So in terms of categories, we've seen softness in auto. And so you specifically talked about
sort of supply chain issues. I think if you look across a couple of categories, it's both supply chain and I
think in some, it's shortage of staffing and employment. But where -- and auto being the key one and the
largest of those where there continues to be some softness. But these are more than made up for new
categories and growing categories that are coming into -- certainly under our platforms.

On the local side, clearly, our wagering is, I mentioned in my prepared comments, is booming across
the local markets. Travel is also coming back and restaurants locally. So these categories are more than
making up for the softness in a couple of categories that are seeing some supply chain issues.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FOX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

From a national point of view, we continue to benefit from a very strong upfront, and scatter pricing is
averaging around 20% up above upfront pricing. Entertainment is a little higher than 20%. News is a little
lower than 20%. Sports is at 25%. So it's averaging about 20%. And nationally, there's some wagering
money, not as much as local, but the crypto category, which is a brand-new category, particularly in
sports, is booming as well as finance.

So -- and then on Tubi international, Tubi currently, other than domestically in the U.S., is in Mexico,
Australia, New Zealand and Canada. And our focus has been driving the U.S. business, but we do see
international as a big opportunity.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Robert Fishman from MoffettNathanson.

Robert S. Fishman
MoffettNathanson LLC

If I could follow up on sports with your UEFA deal. Can you discuss how you see the ROI for incremental
sports rights and whether you plan to monetize UEFA on Tubi? And if not, how does your focus on keeping
the rights exclusive to the pay TV ecosystem help with either these negotiations or future negotiations?

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Robert. So as with all our sports rights, we're starting them very carefully to make sure we have a
positive return on them and return on our capital. With UEFA, it's 1,500 matches that we have available to
us. The -- practically all of them will be on FOX Sports 1 and will be the backbone of FOX Sports 1 through
those summers where the Euros are held. And so you'll have the Euros in some summers, really being the
backbone of our soccer -- summer soccer and you'll have FIFA workups, the other summers. So we think
it's a tremendous addition to FOX Sports 1.

We will have some games on FOX Broadcasting. We'll have about 4x as many games as were previously
on ABC, but that's only like 20 games versus the 5 that showed up on ABC when they had those rights.
And we don't envisage putting Euro games -- live games on Tubi at this stage, although we could.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson from Credit Suisse.

Douglas David Mitchelson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So I guess my question and my follow-up, so I'll just right away. Lachlan, how's top of funnel doing for
Tubi versus that 30% growth in usage? I know you always highlight that it's growth in usage that really
matters. But to measure the health, we still need to understand whether you're attracting new users of
Tubi and what marketing and distribution levers are left to pull to continue to scale that business.

And then for John, we've talked in the past about visibility for core costs for the company. And we've
had obviously these huge pandemic swings. But I'm curious if you exclude investment spending and
unusuals like Super Bowl and Thursday Night Football exit, can you help us understand what the core
OpEx growth looks like for your linear network businesses? Because I think we sort of all have views as to
what advertising affiliate revenue on a core basis will look like going forward. And then lastly, for Steve,
can you monetize these higher NFL ratings? Or was that all sold upfront?

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

I got the easy one. No, look, Tubi is growing both in users and in engagement and in TVT. One of the
things that you do, you juggle or balance, probably better word than juggle, but that you balance is when
you market and you -- for new users, right, you can, through digital acquisition tools, very quickly gain
new users. And depending on how much you want to spend, you can toggle that up and down. But that's

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FOX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

a losing strategy if those users are not engaged and spend only a short period of time on the platform and
then you have to remarket to them, for instance.

And so far ahead and the team are very scientific and very experienced in just balancing the new users
that they acquire versus the quality of those users and how engaged they are. And it is really why the
total viewing time, which includes new viewers coming on to the platform, really remains the best metric
because it includes all viewers as well as a measure of the engagement that they have.

John P. Nallen
Chief Operating Officer

Yes. Doug, I'll just comment on the cost overall and let Steve take some of the details. But the -- probably
at the heart of your question is the visibility we have over our cost profile, our cost envelope. And if you
look at what we've done over the last year or 2, particularly securing NFL over the next 12 years, having
baseball contract that goes well into the next decade, today's announcement about where we're going to
be with UEFA, it just gives us great confidence about the rest of the year and the future for us because
we've got such great visibility over the cost envelope. So it's not like we're expecting great surprises
coming out of any one of the areas. We have the Stations, the News division, Sports and Entertainment.
So again, it just brings confidence to us as to the outlook for the business.

Steven Silvester Tomsic
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. And just -- and Doug, the obvious -- to state the obvious, obviously, within that sort of overall cost
envelope, we've seen -- when you compare like-for-like schedules on the entertainment side, we'll look to
moderate the cost there and make sure that, that business delivers ROI. But also in that same segment,
we've got Tubi, which we're really leaning into from an investment and a cost basis. So you'll see that
come through in the numbers, particularly over the -- we're pretty light in terms of the amount of money
that we put against Tubi from a net investment perspective over this quarter, and you'll see that ramp with
subscriber -- or user acquisition costs and marketing costs over the next couple of quarters.

From an NFL ratings perspective, we'll absolutely look to monetize it. We're still selling scatter there. As
Lachlan mentioned, scatter has been incredibly robust for us, sports, with sort of 25% ahead of upfront or
pricing premiums upfront. So we'll definitely look to monetize that over the course of the remainder of the
season.

Operator

Our final question then will come from the line of Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo.

Steven Lee Cahall
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I just wanted to ask about FOX Bet and Super 6. Thanks for that data point on Super 6 with the 5 million.
I was wondering if you could give us any metrics around FOX Bet. And are you seeing Super 6 Act as a
strong funnel for conversion from free-to-pay? And I know you're a passive, I guess, sort of participant
in FOX Bet. How should we think about you maybe using your sports rights to make that more of a
differentiated platform or also taking more of an operational role so that it might start to show up in the
financials at some point?

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Steven. So sure, I appreciate the question. I was surprised that it took 5 or 6 questions to get to
FOX Bet and Super 6. It's obviously a business that is very meaningful for us.

So first of all, I'm not sure how much data I can give on FOX Bet itself. I understand that Flutter reported
to -- last night. And as the operator of this business, I don't want to give any information that is market-
sensitive or that they want to hold closer to their chest. But if you remember the structure of our joint
venture, we have FOX Bet Super 6 with over 5 million users as the #1 national free-to-play game. That

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FOX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

drops people into FOX Bet. It's critical to realize, though, that FOX Bet includes -- and that the joint
venture in FOX Bet includes PokerStars and iCasino.

And so over time, as we monetize sports wagering, we also have the benefit of monetizing PokerStars
and iCasino in FOX Bet. And what that means as we go through to really sort of take full value and take a
full grasp of the opportunity fully, we are beginning to explore the process of getting licensed, a wagering
license in order to fully capture the value of these tremendous assets for all of our shareholders.

So that's the process that we're just beginning. It's a complicated process because it's -- go state by state
in terms of where we would operate with our joint venture partner of these assets. And so it's probably a
process that will take some time. Of course, we're also in our arbitration with Flutter under some of the
elements of our options, our 50% option in the FOX Bet and our 18.6% option in FanDuel. And we expect
that arbitration to be complete by June of next year. So that's probably as much as I can say on FOX Bet.

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer & Executive VP of Corporate Initiatives

At this point, we're out of time. But if you have any further questions, please give me or Dan Carey a call.
Thank you once again for joining today's call.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you using
AT&T Executive Teleconferencing. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FOX CORPORATION FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

