Freeport-McMoRan Inc. NYSE:FCX
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 21, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.81

0.89

9.88

0.85

3.03

3.38

Revenue  (mm)

6157.36

6083.00

(1.21 %)

6554.35

22382.45

25074.19

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-21-2021 2:58 PM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.40

0.51

0.75

0.81

0.39

0.51

0.77

0.89

SURPRISE

(2.50 %)

0.00 %

2.67 %

9.88 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Joshua Frederick Olmsted
President & COO of Americas

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
President & CFO

Mark J. Johnson
President of Freeport-McMoRan
Indonesia

Michael J. Kendrick
President of Climax Molybdenum

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Michael Adam Glick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Alexander Nicholas Hacking
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Brian MacArthur
Raymond James Ltd., Research
Division

Orest Wowkodaw
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Carlos De Alba
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Christopher LaFemina
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

David Francis Gagliano
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Emily Christine Chieng
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Lawson Winder
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan third quarter
conference call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Kathleen Quirk, President and Chief Financial Officer.
Please go ahead, ma'am.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
President & CFO

Great. Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan conference call.
Earlier this morning, we reported our third quarter 2021 operating and financial results, and a copy of
today's press release and the slides are available on our website at fcx.com. Our conference call today
is being broadcast live on the Internet, and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website
homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors,
the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call, and a replay of the webcast will be available
on our website later today.

Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our
comments on the call include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially. We'd
like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials
and to the risk factors described in FCX's SEC filings.

On the call with me today are Richard Adkerson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Johnson,
our COO of Indonesia; Josh Olmsted, our Chief Operating Officer for the Americas; Steve Higgins, our
Chief Administrative Officer; Rick Coleman, who runs our engineering and construction business; and Mike
Kendrick, who runs our molybdenum business.

I'll start by briefly summarizing our financial results, and then we'll turn the call over to Richard, who will
go through the materials in our slide presentation materials. After our formal remarks, we'll take your
questions.

Today, FCX reported third quarter 2021 net income attributable to common stock of $1.4 billion, that
was $0.94 per share, and adjusted net income attributable to common stock of $1.3 billion or $0.89 per
share. The $0.89 per share excludes net credits totaling $0.05 a share, primarily associated with tax
credits related to the release of valuation allowances at PT Freeport Indonesia and a gain on the sale of
FCX's remaining Cobalt business. The details of our adjusted net income are reflected in our press release
on Page VII. We generated adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter of roughly $3 billion, and we've got a
reconciliation of the EBITDA on Page 37 of our slide deck.

Favorable results in the third quarter reflect strong execution by our team, growing our production volume
safely, efficiently and responsibly. Our sales volumes for the quarter for copper exceeded 1 billion pounds.
That approximated our prior estimate in July of 2021 and was above the year ago period. Gold sales of
400,000 ounces were approximately 12% higher than our prior estimate and also significantly above the
year ago period.

We also benefited from positive pricing for copper. Our third quarter average realized copper price was
$4.20 per pound. That was substantially above the year ago period. And gold prices were slightly below
the year ago period. We also benefited from improved molybdenum prices in the quarter, where prices
nearly doubled from the year-ago period.

Net unit cash costs were $1.24 per pound in the third quarter. That was lower than our estimate going
into the period, and we had some good performance from our leach production, which reduced our unit
production costs in the period. We generated strong cash flows, and we've been doing that every quarter

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

this year, generating $2 billion of operating cash flow, which exceeded capital spending of roughly $500
million during the quarter.

Our balance sheet is strong. We ended the quarter with consolidated debt of $9.7 billion and consolidated
cash of $7.7 billion, which resulted in net debt of $2 billion. We had no borrowings under our credit facility
and have $3.5 billion available. We also announced today some liability management, where we called for
redemption our outstanding notes due 2022 that has a total principal amount of $524 million.

I'd now like to turn the call over to Richard, who will be referring to the slide presentation materials.
Richard, go ahead.

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, everyone. Thank you for joining our call. I'm really pleased to be able to review our strong
performance for this quarter. Where we are with the company, it's a special time. Several years ago in
the call, I said if we could be fortunate enough to ramp up our underground production at Grasberg at
the same time we had a positive copper market, it would be a great time for Freeport, and this is really a
great time for us.

We're going to focus on the future, but just one comment. I was last at job site 2 years ago in October,
and we were just completing the mining of the open pit and starting the ramp up of the Grasberg Block
Cave. And so during this 2-year period, our progress has been nothing short of remarkable. And I really
congratulate our team in the job site but also in the Americas with what we've been able to accomplish
even in the face of all the distractions and challenges that COVID brought on.

I hope you and all your family and your colleagues are staying healthy. This thing is not over. We're
keeping our guards up. I encourage you, too, as well. We have, at Freeport, had a successful program to
get vaccines to our people internationally. Over 90% of our people in South America are now vaccinated
and 85% in Papua and Indonesia are vaccinated. We continue to be challenged in some of our operations
in the United States, which is common across our country, unfortunately. But we're encouraging our
people and making some progress there. But the news is we've been able to meet the challenge of COVID
and accomplished what we are reporting to you today.

Our copper volumes have grown over 20% from a year ago, and that reflects this really exceptional
execution of our business. With these prices that we have today, we're generating very strong margin.
Our EBITDA doubled from a year ago. Our strong operating cash flows that Kathleen mentioned in the
quarter are really exceptional and particularly when you looked at our capital expenditures, we're only
$500 million. Now this is generating cash flows to -- now that we've met our debt target, and we met
that at the end of June way ahead of what we anticipated at the beginning of the year, we're now focused
on managing these cash flows. And that's a happy time for us looking at investments for our long-term
future. At the same time, we've been able to increase returns to shareholders and maintain a really strong
balance sheet, which is going to be a real hallmark of our company going forward.

Everybody is focused on carbon reduction and climate initiatives. And with COP26 coming up next month,
it's going to be all over the papers. We published our second report on our climate initiatives. We put a lot
more resources into it. We're really focused on it. As a company, compared with other natural resource
companies, we have much limited Scope 3 emissions and other natural resources, and we're really focused
on our Scope 1 and 2 emissions and have a plan to achieve targets that we believe are realistic and
achievable. We and the other 28 members of ICMM, International Council of Mining and Metals, which
I chair, have signed a commitment to work towards having zero net carbon emissions by 2050, and
everybody is working hard on it.

We're also continuing to make progress to certify all of our operations with the International Copper
Association's Copper Mark. And this just clearly demonstrates our commitment to responsible production.

You recall that I became Chairman earlier this year. And when that occurred, I made a real commitment
to build the kind of board that a company like ours really needs and deserves. We have added 4 new
members in 2021. We added 2 this quarter, Marcelo Donadio and Sara Lewis. That brings us to a total of 8

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

independent directors, which have a broad range of experience. And it's going to be a real strength of our
company going forward.

Underlying all of this is the fundamental outlook for copper is incredibly favorable. Copper's role in the
economy and as the economy changes with global investments in infrastructure -- I know we have a
controversy here -- but countries around the world are going to build infrastructure. Less developed
countries are going to develop. The world is getting increasingly focused on electrification with modern
technology, 5G and artificial intelligence. And then a new major element that people are talking about and
recognizing now, for demand that's coming, it's not here in real significance now, is all the investments
that people are going to be making to reduce carbon. And across the board, those investments are
-- result in significant demands for copper. And then you've got -- and we'll talk about this more, the
commodity really supported by supply factors.

I mentioned our climate report is reported in September. It's on our website. I encourage you all to take
a look at it. It really details work in a much more comprehensive way than we did in our first report last
year about how our company will work to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and how we are approaching
climate scenario analysis, and we're reporting in line with recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures. We are, as a company and as an organization, firmly committed to this. We
see it in our everyday lives with the forest fires in our operations in the West and hurricanes on the Gulf
Coast, weather patterns all around the world. We all know we need to do this, and we're committed to do
our part for our company. And as I said, as the rest of the world, the rest of the industry focuses on this,
it's going to create a lot of copper demand.

We established a target to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions in Indonesia by 30%, which is a new
target for us. We have this aspirational goal of net zero by 2050. Our 2 big issues are: one, the coal-
powered power plant in Indonesia, a lot of power required for our massive operations there. We're now
investing in a dual fuel-powered plant there. We're looking to a future of power being generated by
biodiesel initially, natural gas, looking at hydropower opportunity. So we're working on that. And then
the other major issue is how to convert our big-haul truck fleet, massive trucks, diesel-driven to -- how
to work with our suppliers and others in the industry to convert that to electrical-powered or hydrogen-
powered vehicles. We'll hear a lot more about this in the week. Just know that our company is committed
to it, to deal with our own emissions and to work with industry and communities in general to meet the
things we need to meet with climate change.

Copper is essential to that. It's a strategic metal in many respects for the future. The world is getting
increasingly electrified, and more than 65% of the world's copper is used to deliver electricity. And
when you look at electric vehicles, charging stations, clean power from wind, solar, all of these require
significantly more copper to operate than the way that things are currently done now. And so it's a
challenging time for us, and we're serious about this challenge, but it is also a great opportunity for us as
a responsible global copper producer.

So we got these rising demand, and supply is a real issue for this industry. Even today, with the economic
uncertainties in China and globally, copper inventories are remarkably low. The LME recently hit a 47-
year low. Shanghai is lower than it's been since 2009. And while there will be some new projects that
were started 4 or 5 years ago delayed by COVID coming on stream in the next couple of years, that will
bring some new copper to the market. Beyond that, the cupboard is pretty empty in terms of new supply
projects of any significance.

And the world today, the opportunities are smaller. They're more difficult to develop and produce.
Permitting still requires a very long period of time. And so the industry really, one, has an issue with
meeting the demand with supply, and that's going to require action across a lot of fronts, more scrap,
some substitution. But copper as a commodity is so much better than any alternatives that in whatever
environment you can envision for the world going forward, absent some doom's day situation in the global
economy, it's just in a situation of where copper prices have to be strong and, in my view, stronger than
they are today.

Turning to Slide 7. What this means for our company is, with all the work we've done today in preparing
our business and building our assets, we're going to have really significant margins and cash flow. 6 years

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

ago, our company was facing real challenges, and we worked our way through that very successfully.
As we were working so hard in facing, dealing with some real tough problems and dealing with an
unsustainable debt level at that time, we all looked at ourselves and talked about the assets that we had
in our company, the long-term assets, the quality of the team, our track record, our capabilities. And
that's really what inspired us all to work so hard to get to where we are today.

Copper volumes are 20%. Gold volumes are 50% higher than they were a year ago. And they'll be
growing another 15%, 20% next year. It's a great feeling as we were ending the quarter and looking at
September particularly to recognize that the capital and execution risk to achieve these higher volumes,
which we've been pointing to for a very long period of time, that those risks are behind us. The higher
volumes are coming with low incremental cost. At copper prices from $4 to $5, we would generate annual
EBITDA for the next couple of years on the order of $12.5 billion to $17 billion per year. And our capital
expenditures, and we have a new project that we'll be talking about in Indonesia, including that, our
capital expenditures will range in the order of $2 billion to $2.5 billion a year. So that means where we're
wanting to be, where we're targeting to be, where we thought we would be. But the important part is, now
we've done it, we're just not pointing to it.

And Slide 8 shows about this ramp-up of the Grasberg mine, man, that was -- this slide looks like this
was really a straightforward, easy-to-accomplish deal. There are challenges every day, I say. This is the
most complicated mine in the world when it was an open pit mine. And now in the industry, historically
-- historic large underground mine, it is truly remarkable. The third quarter was 90% of our target
annualized rate. We were at target in September. We're now on track to reach full rates metal production
by the end of the year.

And our team in Indonesia just needs to be congratulated and recognized for meeting all these targets.
And it was strategically so important for us, and it was a real matter of concern back in March of 2020
when we had COVID facing us. It's easy on paper, but man, it's a challenge every day. And I had a great
meeting with our team in advance of this call. And the excitement, morale and so forth is just exceptional.
It's really something special for our company, and we now look forward to taking the steps that we need
to take to sustain this for the life of this ore body.

We're beginning to talk with the government and getting positive initial responses about extending our
operating rights beyond 2041. Because of the ramp-up, the limit of the operating rights, we haven't done
much exploratory drilling, extension-type core drilling. Our feeling and our confidence is there's a lot more
resources beyond what we're developing now. And we're explaining that to the government. As I said,
initial reactions are positive. And I'm confident that we will not be facing an end to -- this operation in
2041. That makes no sense for any stakeholder. We need to look at it to take advantage of the long-term
resources available to us.

Slide 9 talks about our growth of our company. A real strength of Freeport is its large reserve base. 30,
35 years of life in its proved and probable reserves, which gives us a sustainable ability of our operations
for a very long period of time. And beyond that, we have resources that are even larger than our reserves
that are brownfield resources, which is really important in the Americas because that means that we
are not trying to permit or gain community approval to build new mines. We have great support for our
communities. We've involved them. We share our benefits with them.

And so as a result, we have these multiple options for long-term, brownfield, low-risk growth. And I'm
really encouraged by the opportunities we have in the United States where we have great community
support, you have the benefit of strong communities and supporting schools, hospitals, education, a great
workforce, great community. We pay our people really well. We make sure they have living wages. And
we're sensitive to them. So here, we see, across the board, Bagdad in Northwest Arizona, long reserve
life, do a concentrated project, we can double production.

Lone Star. You're going to hear a lot about Lone Star in Freeport's future. This resource has a long-term
opportunity to be a flagship asset. It's just across the ridge from Morenci, the largest mine in North
America. We honestly believe this can be another long-term Morenci. And it's got -- right now, we're
having real success with our -- the new oxide mine we started this past year. It's expanding. It's got
further expansions. We're able to make it economic by using available production facilities at our nearby

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Safford mine that's winding down. And then processing this upside is really a stripping operation for this
enormous sulfide deposit.

We have a great project in Chile at our El Abra mine where we're partners with CODELCO. This is a mine
where we have a sulfide leaching project going on now. There's a big sulfide resource there. It would
be a big-price capital project to build a mill with a desalinization plant. We're looking at a number of
alternatives there. Chile is going through a process of the government, the people assessing how they're
going to tax and what the fiscal regime is going to be for mining projects. We want to wait to see how
that plays out before making any investment decision. But in the meantime, we're getting more -- we're
getting prepared, working with communities, working with preparing for permitting and so forth. This will
be a project the world will ultimately need going forward.

We've got a neat project -- it's not very big -- in Europe at our Atlantic Copper smelter, where we're going
to be recycling electronic equipment. This responds to people wanting to see this sort of thing happening.
It's a way of generating some copper without carbon emissions of significance and investments. And so
we're looking for that. We're looking at other opportunities like that.

And then this Kucing Liar mine in Indonesia is really special. It is a -- I was actually out there in the '90s
when -- as we were driving the Amole drift, which was a dewatering drift going underneath the Grasberg
open pit -- as we were driving the pit, we found this ore body. The engineers give our geologists a hard
time about it because they literally pierced this ore body that we had not seen previously that lies really to
the south flank of the Grasberg pit. And we've been working on getting the right mine plan, the timing for
it.

But in the context of -- and if you turn to Slide 10, you can see where it's located. It's an ore body that's
in a separate mineralization zone from our DOZ, Deep MLZ and the Grasberg pit. It's along the fault line.
It may have resources at depth. It has some complicated geology and mineralogy, but it's a big mine. I
mean at 90,000-tonne a day blockade, you only think of that has not been a huge mine because it's next
to the Grasberg blockade, but it's like 60% the size of Deep MLZ, 40% the size of Grasberg Block Cave,
350 million tonnes of ore, good copper and gold grades, 90,000 tonnes a day from a block cave, that's big
by global standards. And it's going to occur over a number of years.

It will help sustain our high level of low-cost production out of Grasberg, 500 million pounds of copper a
year, 500,000 ounces of gold when it's ramped up in 2030. Capital expenditure is going to be spent over a
number of years, use existing infrastructure. Just ask your gold analysts how they feel if gold companies
were to announce a gold mine that was $500,000 a year and 500 million pounds of copper a year. This is a
significant opportunity for us.

12, I mentioned Lone Star. You can see how we're ramping up the oxides. We got 2P reserves, about 5.5
billion pounds. The real price here is the sulfides underlying it. We've done some drilling to identify it.
We're doing preliminary plans on how to process it and so forth. Mineral potential of 50 billion pounds, 50
billion pounds. This is a long-term opportunity, but we're a long-term company. And this is going to be a
flagship opportunity for us going forward. Another area that's emerging and our guys on this call are really
excited about it is new opportunities to apply technology to leaching.

Now tough guys in Freeport predecessors were long leaders in leaching, going back to the very start of
SXEW leaching. The opportunities globally for traditional SXEW leaching are diminishing because they've
been accessed and taken advantage of it. But this opens up a whole new realm of opportunities for us to
add production with limited capital and low carbon emissions. This will range from looking at a series of
additives and approaches for existing leach stacks, which would allow us to recover more from those.

We're also really getting excited by using these data analytics efforts that we started several years ago
to apply those to leach stacks and know more about what we're doing with the consequences of taking
certain actions. So it's a combination of things. There are several alternatives we're looking at. The
opportunity is really significant. Our guys estimate we got almost 40 billion pounds of copper in our
existing stockpiles. This is not -- this has already been mined. It's not in reserves or resources or any
production plans. If we can record -- if we're going to cover just a piece of this, it's the size of a new mine,
low capital, low operating cost, low carbon footprint.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

A lot of this is at Morenci, but there are other places. And it could even apply to some old historical mines
that have old leach stacks that we can use it for. It's an emerging thing, but we have excitement about
it. And our company is particularly well situated to take advantage of that because of the history that
we've had with these older mines and what this could mean for it. So this is a stay-tuned deal. We're not
building it in our plans yet, but it's like a development project, low capital, low cost, low carbon, so it's
really good.

So listen, we're -- we're just feeling great about Freeport. I mean, we've been to the wars together. Our
team is -- we're adding some really new resources to our team despite COVID. We're bringing in support.
We got young people in our organization stepping up to leadership positions. It's a dynamic company. It's
remarkable that through all the trials and tribulations we went through, we had very limited numbers of
people to leave us. Our people look at each other, and we're inspired by each other. And it's just great.

Strong cash flows. We're going to be responsible. We have this great track record of doing all this.
If you look at our success we've had in developing projects all around the world, different kinds of
mining, different kinds of processing technology. Market outlook is great. We've got these organic growth
opportunities. And really, as a shareholder myself, the prospects of seeing returns on those shareholders
coming of significance is just a great feeling.

So I hope you can sense how we all feel about our company and our outlook and really appreciate your
interest. And I'm going to turn it over to Kathleen before we open up for questions.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
President & CFO

All right. Great. Thank you, Richard. I'm just going to cover some brief comments on financial and
operating matters. And then we'll open up for questions.

And just really starting on Slide 16, we provide some additional details on our operating activities. Richard
mentioned Lone Star, and the performance there has been really strong. Our operations are exceeding our
design capacity, which was originally 200 million pounds. We're exceeding that now by 25%, and we're
continuing to optimize and planning for the next increment of production from oxides as we study the
longer-term opportunities.

Richard mentioned the leach work that we're doing. It's a major focus at Morenci. We have a big effort
underway to enhance recoveries, and we're deploying a variety of initiatives. Some of these have already
produced results, and that did enable us to increase expected recovery from some of our leach material
in the third quarter. And what this does is get us more volumes, but also allows us to reduce unit costs,
having a bigger pool to spread costs over. So that's a really positive thing and more to come there. We've
incorporated some of this into our plans, but we're optimistic that additional copper pounds can be added
as we go forward.

At Morenci, we're continuing to work to increase mining rates. We're targeting getting up to 900,000
tonnes of material per day in 2023. That's a major undertaking. It's 30% higher than where we were in
2020. As we reported, we have started -- restarted the historic Morenci mill, which had been idled since
the first half of 2020, and that's proceeding. We started the mill in the third quarter. We did experience
some delays, but those are largely behind us. We also had, as probably a lot of you've seen, the weather
conditions in the Southwest that we experienced this summer. We did experience severe wet weather
and some power issues during monsoon season. And we always have monsoon season, but this year was
more severe than normal and that did impact some of our operations in the third quarter. And again, that's
behind us as well.

I want to just echo what Richard said about our team in South America. The Cerro Verde team has
overcome significant challenges in dealing with the pandemic. We've been operating at about 95% of
capacity over the last several months, and that's in the face of still restrictions on movement around
Arequipa, and our team just does great work in managing this and being creative about how to manage it
safely. We're optimistic that, as we look forward into 2022, we can -- many of the government restrictions

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

can be lifted safely and we can return to a more normal operating environment there and achieve higher
rates at Cerro Verde.

El Abra mine in Chile is making great progress. We're increasing the stacking rate of material. We're
restoring production that we had curtailed during 2020. And we're focused on sustaining the level of
production at El Abra in the 200 million, 250 million pound per year range as we look to potentially expand
that as we go forward.

Richard talked about the terrific results at Grasberg. Team there is just continuing to deliver results
quarter after quarter. We expect to be at our quarterly run rate for metal beginning here in the fourth
quarter. And for the next several quarters, we project the mill will run at about 175,000 tonnes per day
until 2023 when we install the new SAG mill, which is currently under construction. And that will support
higher rates as we continue to ramp up the Grasberg Block Cave and Deep MLZ and then make room for
the Kucing Liar project that Richard mentioned.

A lot of talk right now about inflation. Our team is really focused on cost management and efficiency
projects. We're focused on extending equipment lines, ways to improve our energy efficiency, ways
to efficiently implement maintenance practices and really use technology in all of this. We have, like
everyone else, experienced some cost increases. Those have really principally been associated with the
energy price increases. To a lesser extent, we've had some other impacts on our consumables, the impact
of steel prices on some of our consumables. We've had higher sulfuric acid costs, freight costs, but we
really want to send appreciation to our global supply chain team. They're doing excellent work in keeping
our operations stocked with critical supplies and managing in these uncertain times. And they've just done
an outstanding job in keeping our business continuity going. I will note that we have seen very strong
prices in molybdenum, and those have more than offset some of these inflationary pressures we've had on
the cost side.

Turning to the smelter. On Slide 17, we provide an update of our activities with the greenfield smelter
we're developing in East Java and the work we're doing with our partner at PT Smelting to expand the
facility there. We were focused on completing this project as efficiently, as timely as possible. We're
advancing the engineering and commercial arrangements, and we've commenced preparing the land for
construction. You probably have seen press reports that the President of Indonesia recently visited the site
in a groundbreaking ceremony, and it just indicates the significance of this project to the country. We've
got a $1 billion bank credit facility in place for PT-FI to use to advance the projects, and we are going to
plan additional debt financing for the project, which can be obtained at attractive rates to fund the project
long term.

As we previously discussed, the long-term cost of the financing for the smelter will essentially be offset by
a phaseout of the 5% export duty. So the economic impact to PT-FI is not material, and this is a project
that is shared 51% by our shareholder -- PT-FI shareholder, MIND ID; and the balance, of FCX.

Turning to our volumes. And Richard talked about the growth in volumes. We've had great success in
execution. We've got our 3-year outlook listed on Slide 18. And this is generally consistent with our
previous guidance. We made some relatively minor adjustments to the fourth quarter of 2021, but you'll
see here that the execution of our plan is on track.

We show on Slide 19 the strong cash flow generation of this business. We've got very significant free cash
flows using our volume and cost estimates and prices ranging from $4 to $5 copper, holding gold flat at
$1,800 and molybdenum at current prices around $19 per pound. The real growth in our volumes with low
incremental costs show EBITDA ranging from $12.5 billion per annum on average for 2022 and 2023 at $4
copper and $17 billion at $5 copper, as Richard has mentioned. And operating cash flows, and this is net
of tax, ranges from $9 billion to over $12 billion, which provides significant cash flows not only to invest in
our business and fund programs, grow our business but also increase capital returns to investors.

Our capital spending plans are detailed on the next slide, Slide 20. You'll see here that we reduced our
outlook for 2021 for capital spending from $2.2 billion previously to 2 point -- $2 billion, and that excludes
the smelter investment. But that reflects really timing. We've had really a timing issue in getting these
projects going. And so that would just fall -- some of that falling over into 2022. We've also added the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

-- in our forecast plans to commence development of the Kucing Liar ore body that Richard mentioned
previously. So you're talking about $9 billion to $12 billion of operating cash flows and CapEx below $3
billion, very strong free cash flow.

We've got growing volumes, strong markets, low capital requirements. And that's really allowed us just
over the past 12 months to reduce our debt, our net debt, by nearly $6 billion. And so we're down now to
$2 billion in net debt. I know some of you remember a time when it was multiples of this. And so we're in
a great situation from a balance sheet standpoint. Our credit metrics are extremely strong, and it positions
us well as we go forward to invest in future growth and increase our payouts to shareholders.

The last slide, 22, refers to our financial policy. It is centered around our strong balance sheet. The
combination of the strong balance sheet and the success in growing our volumes will put us in a strong
position. Our Board had established earlier this year a policy that provides for up to 50% of free cash
flow to be used for shareholder returns with the balance available for growth and further balance sheet
improvements. We look forward to the achievement of our net debt targets. We look forward to the
implementation of this policy. We expect our Board will determine the structure and size of additional
payouts to shareholders with our annual results, and this will be something that we update and gets
reviewed periodically.
So that concludes our remarks. We look forward to reporting our progress and continuing to build on our
momentum as we go forward. And operator, we'd now like to turn the call over for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Michael Glick with JPMorgan.

Michael Adam Glick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just on the cost side, the trajectory in 4Q looks good as Grasberg ramps. But relative to the trajectory in
4Q and really into '22, how should we think about inflationary pressures given what's happened with coal
in Indonesia, freight, power, particularly in Europe and Spain, diesel consumables and labor as well? And
are there any annual contract resets we should be mindful of going into 2022?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
President & CFO

We've built into our projections current levels of energy costs. We do have a coal contract in Indonesia
that is done annually. But for the most part, our energy costs are floating with the market. Because of
the volume increase that we're expecting next year, and that really -- we've got a big fixed-cost business.
So it comes at a low cost. We are projecting that our unit costs will decline year-on-year from '21 to '22
and we've got additional growth. So while cost inflation is a factor for us, it's being managed well. And
producing volumes at low incremental costs will help us drive costs lower in the face of rising inflation.

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Michael, I raised this question with our team getting ready for this because, quite frankly, when I
saw the out years, I was pleasantly surprised because of everything you're reading just generally about
things, but the currency rates are helping us and these by-product credits aren't really important to us.
Of course, in Indonesia, their -- gold is growing, and molybdenum is doing well. And our team has just
done a great job in managing these things. We benefit because Freeport manages its Americas business
as one business. We operate all the mines that we operate, and we have incredibly good relationships with
suppliers. We're a premium customer for all of our major suppliers. So it's something we're watching. And
we're -- and some of our costs are correlated to copper prices. So it's a factor, but I was expecting it to be
more, quite frankly myself, than it's turning out to be in our plans.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Emily Chieng with Goldman Sachs.

Emily Christine Chieng
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Richard and Kathleen, my question is just around capital returns. You're clearly well below your net
debt target here, but perhaps could you give -- maybe accelerating this announcement? Is it a macro
uncertainty you talked a little bit about earlier? Or are we still sort of balancing what the cadence of
growth projects is in the next couple of years before announcing something positive there?

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

Emily, it's just more a question of how quickly this is developed. When we set the policy, we were
anticipating meeting our debt target sometimes out in the future, and it happens so quickly. Business
has gone so well. We've added new board members. And so we accept much earlier a process that would
result in this being addressed after the beginning of the year when we got our annual results. And so
we'll be talking with our Board about it. We are also having engagements with a number of our significant
shareholders about stock buybacks and dividends. Some of the traditional thinking seems to be shifting
some. But it's nothing about reluctance about the future that's causing us to do that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

And we have regularly scheduled Board meetings, and we talk about it at every Board meeting. So it's
just more of a question of how we set the process early on. And clearly, we're making progress much
faster because of markets but also because of our execution than we had anticipated. And so it's a good
situation, but that's why we are where we are.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
President & CFO

And there's no hesitation, Emily, on this. We've just got to implement it.

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

Yes.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets.

David Francis Gagliano
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Obviously, a lot going on here, the leaching potential, development opportunities, et cetera, et cetera. I
just wanted to focus in on Kucing Liar for a minute. In certain respects, it's early days, but Kucing Liar
obviously has been a well-known part of the Grasberg district for a long time. Now that you're starting to
develop it, I just have 2 questions. First of all, if you could talk about the cadence of the upcoming capital
spending over the next 10 years. And then secondly, talk about the primary developmental risk as you see
it today. Again, I know it's early days, but you referenced complicated geology, minerology. What are, in
your view, the primary developmental challenges for Kucing Liar? That's it for me.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
President & CFO

On the -- David, on the CapEx, like our other block caves, it's spread out over a long period of time. So
start out next year somewhere in the $200 million range, maybe a bit lower than that, but ultimately ramp
up to average about $400 million a year. And so that's done over an approximate 10-year period, and the
production will come on to -- and then all of this is sequenced together, but the production will come on to
sequence when we have availability in the mill as we have some declines with other ore bodies. But Mark,
if you want to give some background about KL, as Richard was saying, this is just a natural progression for
us. It gives us really a place to continue to use all -- everything we learned from Deep MLZ and Grasberg
Block Cave to extend that to KL. And so we're -- we think it's a natural time to begin transitioning to
develop another ore body there.

Mark J. Johnson
President of Freeport-McMoRan Indonesia

Yes. David, it's going to look very much like Deep MLZ. It's at a similar elevation. It is going to benefit
from the lessons learned at Deep MLZ. For instance, our plans now would be that we would apply this
hydrofracking technology to it in advance, where with Deep MLZ, we ended up having to play a bit of
catch-up. So we've got a much better geotechnical knowledge and how to address that part of the [ risk ].
It does, as Kathleen says, it benefits -- it ties into the GBC development, some of the infrastructure. It
shares -- there's common parts of the ore flow system, ventilation, access. We're driving 3 headings
starting very soon. And they all tie off of the development that's either off of the [ Big Dawson ] or off of
drifting that goes back to GBC.

The previous KL reserve had much more complex metallurgy and geology. Over the last couple of years,
we changed our mine planning approach. We focused on what turned out to be much higher-value
material that was a little bit lower grade, but that the material could be processed through our current
mill. So that took away a lot of challenges at the previous KL mine plan. We had to change our flotation
circuit. We had much more of the environmental management with pyrite concentrate that would be

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

generated. So this plan, it's about [ 0.9 ] copper, [ 0.9 ] cost per tonne gold. It's -- the tonnes that
Richard mentioned are very much driven by this 2041 date that we're working on. And this deposit has a
lot of growth, both on the same footprint that we're working out now and at deeper levels. So I feel like
this is going to be our chance to take all the lessons learned. We're looking at the potential of applying
electrical -- electric mining equipment there. So I think we get a fresh start with a lot of experience that's
going to apply itself, and KL is going to benefit from it.

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

And I want to tell you, Dave, that when Mark -- the original reserve, as Mark said, had all this pyrite
material. And our gold recoveries are very low and processing is complicated. And dealing with the pyrite
tails was real complicated. I was just so impressed with Mark and his mine planning team came in with
this new plan, which makes it much more traditional, much less risky, much less capital-intensive and, in
fact, created more value. Because originally, we were only getting 50% recovery out of that pyrite-laden
golden ore. So it's a great example of having a really good mine planning team led by Mark.

David Francis Gagliano
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. That's helpful. Just a quick follow-up on the timing of the CapEx. So $4 billion over roughly 10
years, $200 million in 2022. Is the lion's share of the spend likely towards the latter half of the decade? Is
that reasonable to say? Can you give us a little more color on the timing of that ramp?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
President & CFO

It will average around that pretty [ nicely ].

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

Yes, it's pretty consistent because this is -- because we've developed most of the access and ventilation
and all those sorts of things, it's not chunky. This is more or less mine development, and that occurs on a
regular pattern.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Chris LaFemina with Jefferies.

Christopher LaFemina
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Just a follow-up question on the KL project. So it sounds like the gold grades there are quite a bit higher
than they are at the Grasberg Block and the DMLZ and the copper grades are kind of similar. So is this a
project where we should expect operating cost to be at least as well, if not lower, than what you're going
to get from the 2 current block cave projects? And secondly...

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

The answer is yes.

Christopher LaFemina
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. So it'd be lower cost. And should we also think about it as just being sort of a mine life extension to
the Grasberg Block Cave? Or is it -- would there be a period where you have -- I mean you're obviously
constrained by the mill capacity, but would there be a period where you might have higher production as
this is online along what you still operate in the block -- the Grasberg Block Cave?

Richard C. Adkerson
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Chairman & CEO

It just fits in really well with great changes with the other existing mines. It folds right in. It's a
sustainability of production project as opposed to a significant growth project.

Mark J. Johnson
President of Freeport-McMoRan Indonesia

And one thing I might add, Richard, is, with the SAG 3 project, we get up to a mill capacity of 240,000.
Before KL would -- that mill would run somewhere around 220,000. So KL benefits somewhat also by the
mill capacity that this provide. And then as Richard and Kathleen mentioned, it just fits in nicely as the
grades and some of the deposits decline, KL comes up. And so we're able to adjust those other mine plans
and have the room for KL to be that 90,000-tonne producer when the grades at it are better than the
grades, for instance, at Deep MLZ.

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

And Chris, to put that in perspective, way back in the 1990s when we were designing the Grasberg open
pit and looking forward to life beyond the pit, our original target was 120,000 tonnes a day through the
mill. So over time, this amazing ore body is allowing us to go from an anticipated 120,000 tonne per day
mill rate from the underground to 240,000 tonnes from the underground, just to put it in perspective.

Christopher LaFemina
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

And sorry, if I could, a second question regarding your project. I mean it's really actually incredible
when we think about over the last 5 years, you went from being in a position where you were kind of
managing your balance sheet, trying to develop these 2 really difficult underground projects in Indonesia,
negotiating with the government regarding ownership at Grasberg. And you probably couldn't have dreamt
it up any better as to how it's progressed in terms of development of the project, the deleveraging of the
balance sheet, the ramp-up of the Grasberg Block Cave and DMLZ has been really impressive. I think
there was a lot of skepticism in the market about whether you could actually deliver on that. It seems
like you are delivering. But now you're kind of unleashing this massive organic growth pipeline, which is
probably underappreciated until recently. I mean, you've kind of been highlighting it in recent quarters,
but now we're there. So you're going to be developing these projects.

And you're obviously talking as well about this kind of catalytic leaching and leaching copper out of old
leach stacks, chalcopyrite ores, which historically have not been commercial. Is this a technology that
you think could potentially be revolutionary in the industry in terms of leading to a lot of supply growth
from old kind of what had been waste stockpiles? Do we have to worry about the copper supply-demand
balance as a result of these sorts of new technologies leading to loss of growth?

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

That's again, Chris, a question I've been asking our team all along. In a prior life, I actually worked
with the first company out of Houston that did the very first fracking operation for the whole oil and gas
industry way back in the '80s. And so I've asked that question. And while it's a tremendous opportunity
and particularly good for our company, considering the nature of our stockpiles and the history of our
operations and the way we've dealt with low grade, this will be beneficial. People are really going to be
pursuing it. There are -- it's not just one technology that's being pursued but a series of different options,
so it's an evolving story. It is not likely to be the kind of game changer that fracking was in the oil and gas
business.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Lawson Winder from Bank of America Securities.

Lawson Winder

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

BofA Securities, Research Division

It's nice to hear from both of you. There's so much to discuss, but I'd like to actually touch on your efforts
around ESG, particularly in Indonesia. I mean it's really exciting that you're targeting a 30% reduction in
emissions by 2030. I was wondering, how do you think about the cost of that? Or what is the cost that
you've factored in, in order to achieve that? And then when you think about it maybe from the other way
in terms of IRR, I mean, if you assume some carbon pricing assumption around where maybe European
copper prices are today, but what kind of IRR do you actually get on those type of investments?

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

So that -- I kind of hate people who say that's a good question. Some people just say it all the time,
but that is a real good question. And it's something that is really underappreciated right now. And
we're particularly focused on it within ICMM because here we had the 28 largest mining companies that
represent about 1/3 of the global mining industry unanimously making this commitment. And as I said,
with Freeport, because of our limited Scope 3 emissions, it's not as big a challenge as it is for some other
miners and resource companies.

But we don't know yet what the cost of this is going to be. And it's going to be significant. I mean there's
just no way around it. I met with the senior management of Caterpillar to try to think about designing
400-tonne haul trucks that can make the grades up these big pits that we have. The battery in those --
at this current level of technology is changing, but then a battery weighs a ton. And its life is very short.
So you got to deal with all the recharging and trialing systems and so forth. So there are lots of unknowns
here. There's no question it's going to involve a lot of cost.

And right now, while people are really making these commitments in good faith, they're doing it at a time
-- and we talked about this in our final report of where it's going to rely on technology advances. In some
of those things, there's more questions than answers with all that right now. We kind of have a good -- I
think we got our arms around converting the coal plant in Indonesia. That's one of our big 2 things. But
the question of how do you deal with haulage and electrifying shovels and a lot of shovels are already
electric, but just light vehicles and so forth. In our underground mines, we have a big electric train helping
us deliver ore, but there are going to be some investments there. So it's going to be an unfolding story.
And you raised the point that people following us and the companies in our industry ought to really be
tracking because, as we sit here today, there's more questions than answers in that area.

I'll just make one add-on to that. That's going to be another factor that's going to be a barrier to supply
development in the copper business. I mean, low-grade end-of-life mines -- and we've got 30 years
or so to have this online, but it's going to affect mine life. It's going to affect the economics of project
development. All of those things are going to come into play. So in your list of items that are barriers to
supply development, this is a factor that you can add to it.

Lawson Winder
BofA Securities, Research Division

Very fair.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
President & CFO

Well, one of the other things to keep in mind in Indonesia is we have -- with the transition to
underground, when we were mining at the surface, we had to move both ore and waste. To get the metal
production here underground, it's very efficient. You're with the block cave and you're really just mining
ore. And so it is more efficient. As Richard said, we've got some electrical applications underground. Mark
talked about expanding that as we look at new developments in KL. So there are some benefits that we
have in Indonesia from the change from surface mining to our underground mining.

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

We were moving 800,000 to 1 million metric tons a day in that open pit mine. Think about that. We still
though have to move material around to manage waste and deal with our tailings system and so forth,
but that's a big change. And -- but we've got plans of developing new mines. The world -- this is kind of
a conundrum. The world needs more copper. And yet, more copper, until technology breaks through, is
going to result in more carbon emissions. And this is not the only industry where that's an issue, that's
unknown right now, but it's certainly true in our industry.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Orest Wowkodaw from Scotiabank.

Orest Wowkodaw
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

I was wondering if we can get some details on the potential time line for the Bagdad concentrator
expansion. Like how much time is involved for permitting something like that? And even with the Lone
Star expansion, is it fair to say that probably, we wouldn't see any CapEx for either in 2022?

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

Well, I'll let the others answer. We'll have CapEx for Lone Star with this oxide because we're expanding the
oxide. We started out at a certain level, and we're stepping it up. But Kathleen, you were calling somebody
up to...

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
President & CFO

Yes, it will be a small amount of capital in 2022. And at Bagdad, we're really just advancing feasibility next
year. So we're thinking Bagdad is probably still 5 years out or so before we'll have production. And so you
won't have meaningful CapEx for another couple of years associated with it.

And Lone Star, the next increment of expansion is relatively low in terms of capital intensity. The longer-
term opportunity is more 2030-type time frame, but it's meaningful. The big thing that we really are
focused on is growth through these low capital-intensive opportunities to get more out of what we already
have, either through automation or these leach technologies that we're pursuing. And so that's really
where we can impact things in the shorter term.

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

I'm going to put an exclamation point on what Kathleen just said about Bagdad. Because going back
to the early 2000s, there was just a feeling that higher prices would bring production. I mean it was --
and that's been the history of the copper industry. But here we are at Bagdad, where we already have
the reserves, we have established operation, full support of the community, and we're just talking about
shortening the reserve life by building a new concentrator. And that's 5 years out. That's as easy a project
as you're going to find in this industry. So that's what I was just saying, this coming situation, absent
some doomsday global economic situation, there's just going to be a time when the world is going to be
very short of copper.

Orest Wowkodaw
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

I couldn't agree more. Richard, just as a quick follow-up, in terms of the capital allocation framework
of paying out up to 50% of effectively free cash flow, how does the smelter CapEx fit into that? Is that
excluded from the formula or included?

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

It is. It's excluded. And you need to keep that in mind because that is a PT-FI project. It is good. I mean
that was one of the goals I was trying to achieve when we were negotiating all of this back in 2018 is
we consolidate PT-FI. The economics of -- and so that will show up as consolidated debt for us, but it's
financed at the subsidiary level. The obligation is going to be shared by the 2 shareholders, FCX and MIND
ID. It will go into PT-FI's tax calculations, so the project will be something that will affect PT-FI's taxes.

And when you step back from that Indonesian operation, I was really pleased -- I don't know if any of
you review the Indonesia media coverage, but they just had these athletic games in Papua where the
President was there and senior government people. They had the groundbreaking at Gresik. I have never
in 30 years seen such positive comments in the media in Indonesia about Freeport as we saw with these.
And the President is recognizing what a great investment the country made when they bought out Rio
Tinto's joint venture interest in 2018.

We've already started paying dividends. The dividends are going to be really spectacular for the
government going forward. And when you look at the government's equity position, their 51% share of
equity, which we'll step up to that in stages, you look at the high tax rate we have, royalties we pay, if you
look at the payments that are made for intercompany transfers, to FCX, government's economic interest in
the project exceeds 70%. We were able to retain through the negotiations the interest we had going into
it. So this is truly something that all the parties are very happy with. And what a relief it is to be working
in Indonesia and not have to deal with the kind of complications we have for so many years.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Carlos De Alba with Morgan Stanley.

Carlos De Alba
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Richard and Kathleen, just on KL, how much, if anything, of the estimated 500 million pounds of copper
at KL would be incremental? Or 100% would be just to replace and sustain your production profile in
Indonesia? And together with that, and just following on the discussion that we just had on the prior
question, how do you envision, Richard, what is on the negotiating table for the potential extension of your
rights in Indonesia? Would the government potentially get a higher stake in PT Indonesia? Or what are the
scopes of the negotiation? What is the scope of the negotiation?

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

Okay. So with your first question -- and Kathleen help me. It's very -- it's really a...

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
President & CFO

Yes. It's really...

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

Well, let me just say, though, we give a 5-year outlook for PT-FI's production. And is that in these -- in the
press release? Or was that...

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
President & CFO

Yes. That was in there.

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Okay. So Carlos, just follow that. And you can see that, as we said before, this is more of a question of
sustaining production levels as opposed to a growth project. So -- but you can see what we show for 5
years, and that will give you a view of the trend going forward.

Now with respect to your second question, it's really early stages, but we have broached it. I've talked
with senior government people about it, and our partner, MIND ID, a state-owned company under the
auspices of the Minister of State-Owned Enterprises, everybody recognizes the mutual benefits for it.
Sure, the government like a bigger interest, but think about the complications of that. Because with an
extension, we will want to start -- as Mark said, we've got opportunities with KL and elsewhere to invest,
and we'll make those investments in advance of 2041. And so we have to balance out how you share
those costs, where we basically have 50% economics of new investments, with what's our interest going
to be going forward. So that's early days to be discussed. I tried to raise it earlier, but it was just not
possible to get traction on those discussions. But the logic and benefits to all stakeholders for finding a
way forward on this are clearcut.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
President & CFO

The alignment between the FCX and the government is really good. To have the kind of incentives for both
parties to have a win-win, that's what really we try to design in 2018, and that's really what's happened.

Carlos De Alba
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's very clear. And given that everything that goes around developing a project of this magnitude at
KL, what would be ideally the extension of the time for those that you will be looking for? 20, 30 years or
something around those lines?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
President & CFO

Well, just to be clear on KL, the question on...

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

To be clear on KL -- yes, Kathleen -- that -- those economics are baked into a 2041 drop-dead date. So
they're not dependent on extension. What the opportunity is, is to make the KL bigger and to find other
resources because we really have done very limited delineation-type exploration work in a number of
years. And so we don't know the answers, but we're optimistic that there's resources there that we don't
know about yet. And you know the best answer is for projects like this to not have a time frame, but to
have incentives for all the parties to work to maximize the resources over the long term. Time frames
make no sense. But I want to be clear, the KL economics are not dependent on an extension, the current
project.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Brian MacArthur with Raymond James.

Brian MacArthur
Raymond James Ltd., Research Division

Well, Richard, you just answered the question I had right there, so maybe I'll try something else. Just
on the molybdenum business, obviously, it's doing a lot better. I see Climax has come up a little bit. Like
what's the strategy going forward? Like do you plan to wrap things up more there? And at Sierrita, which
obviously has a big moly credit, like why wouldn't it be ramped up bigger in the whole thing in the near
term, too?

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Well, we benefited at Freeport because of some very significant investments in that molybdenum business
prior to acquisition of Phelps Dodge. I mean creating the processing facilities, capabilities -- and Mike
Kendrick is on the line, he can chip in on this, but -- rather than just being a metal producer and a by-
product producer, the past efforts created a really sustainable global leading business of where we're able
to maximize the value of our ore resources in Colorado from our molybdenum mines to the by-products
credits in North America and South America, and we can expect those to come with expansion projects
and moreover.

And so we're able to generate higher than the metal price value from molybdenum by processing it as
a chemical product. And we run this thing as a business. It obviously ebbs and flows with the price of
molybdenum. Today's price look out 3 or 4 years and a lot of cash coming out of that business. But it's
strategically important to us. We just got a great team. It's a global team. They work together very well.
Colorado is a state where you've got -- all states are -- but you got to be very careful about environmental
management. The City of Denver gets maybe 10% of its drinking water off the Climax Mountain. And so
it's -- but it's a business that goes back 100 years -- more than 100 years for our predecessors and is
strategically very important and now it's generating cash. Mike, do you want to add anything?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
President & CFO

I was just going to add, Richard, Brian, we do have opportunities to increase primary moly production
at the Climax mine. And if you think about what the big deficits people are talking about in copper, there
could be mounting deficits in moly at some point. And so we want to be in a position, and that's what our
primary mines can do is meet market demand. And we've got -- we had curtailed capacity in the past to
match up with markets. And now we have the opportunity potentially to increase. And so we're going to
be doing some mine stripping and that sort of thing to be positioned so that the markets are there, we can
be there to participate with this quality product that the market wants. So we're looking at all of that. I
don't know, Mike, if you want to add something to that.

Michael J. Kendrick
President of Climax Molybdenum

No. I think you both have captured it really well, is that we've made -- Freeport has made tremendous
investments in the moly business over the last decade, including the Climax mine, a tremendously
productive circuit at Cerro Verde and at our other by-product circuits in North America. And we've been
able to take that with our downstream operations that we've inherited and we've made incremental
investments over time there. And they're very productive and we can service not only the metallurgical
but the chemical industry and the lubricant industry very well. And as Kathleen says, we're definitely
evaluating the next steps.

Brian MacArthur
Raymond James Ltd., Research Division

And sorry, just on Sierrita, given the big moly credit there, is that all the way back to full capacity yet?

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

Josh?

Joshua Frederick Olmsted
President & COO of Americas

Yes. Yes, I was going to jump in with respect to Sierrita. So they've been -- we've been ramping back up
at Sierrita in terms of the mine plan and stripping over the last 8 -- 6 to 8 months. And so if you think
about it from a moly perspective, it's really been driven by the sequencing and the grade available in
the mine. And so as the moly price has gone up, they're looking at what's the best way to optimize the
value at Sierrita. But the upside is incremental. It's not significant because the mill is at its capacity as
we sit today and going forward. There's opportunities, as Kathleen touched on earlier, with respect to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

incremental milling rate increases, which we're working on through data analytics and digital-type tools,
but it will be incremental at best as we go forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Alex Hacking from Citi.

Alexander Nicholas Hacking
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

My question was already answered, which was around the economics of KL. If the contract of work is
not extended beyond 2041, but you were very clear that the economics work in that scenario. So I'll let
someone else ask a question.

Operator

Our next question comes the line of Michael Dudas from Vertical Research.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Richard, Kathleen, this is great news on the relationship with the Indonesian government. Maybe you can
share some additional thoughts on what you're observing in Peru with the new administration. What's
coming up in Chile in the fall on elections? And is there anything out of Washington with all the noise
that's going to -- could impact mining, could impact potential investment or how the mining industry will
react as some of this legislation comes forward?

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

All right. Well, I got to -- I got to discipline my comments with those questions.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

I'm sorry about that. Sorry about that, Richard.

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

No, no, no. No, it's the world we live in. Chile, Chile is separate from Peru, and it's got a really a lot of
questions about it right now. It's driven by this widespread feeling within the country of people -- as
people are having around the world dealing with income inequalities and social programs versus other
government initiatives and so forth. And it's got a complicated election coming up. There's no clear-
cut front-runner right now. There's processes going on within the parliament, within issues related to
consideration of constitutional changes. And so it's really, from my perspective, muddy waters there.

It's not currently nearly as significant as Peru in terms of El Abra's production as a small part of our
production, but it is affecting our consideration of expansion. But we're working with the industry. We're
not at the top of the charts in terms of production there, so we're working with others on it.

In Peru, Peru always consistently has complicated presidential politics. And we've seen the story before
where a left-leaning candidate gets into office and runs on platforms that are very much addressing
getting more money out of mining companies. And President Castillo ran on that platform. He had
the backing of the far left-leaning parties there. I got to meet him within this past month. He came to
Washington. It was the Sunday before you, [ Emily ], and with a small group of mining executives, had
dinner with him. My first time to meet him. He comes from a nonpolitical, nonpolitical leader background.
He was a teacher in the interior Peru. And when we talked with us that night, he was -- I found him to be
very compelling in his emotional feelings about doing more to help the people from the region where he
came from, but also throughout Peru, the poor people in terms of education and so forth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

And I didn't know what to expect when I went there. I had a better feeling than I had going into it. He
listened, had the chance to have exchanges about different issues. We did not get into -- none of us
got into details about specific fiscal proposals and so forth, but he emphasized that he recognized the
importance that mining plays in Peru. And that's what always happens when people get in office to achieve
social programs, they see how much mining contributes to the country financially and that's needed to do
other things.

So I'm having a lot of conversations with other CEOs of countries that operate in Peru. After that meeting,
he revamped his cabinet at the very outset of his administration and replaced a very aggressive guy
that was Prime Minister. And so it's a really wait-and-see thing. But I'm more encouraged about it. We're
working with others in the industry. We need to be responsive to his concerns. And that's what I'm trying
to -- we focus all of our -- almost all of our community programs in the regions where we operate. I think
we've got to take a broader view and show people in the interior that mining can help their lives.

And so that's what I'm working on right now. And so I am more optimistic now than I was during the
election. You'll hear different views by different miners there. People are very concerned, rightly so. Our
situation is we have a new stability agreement. We're maximizing the operations at Cerro Verde. It's a big
producer, a major contributor to our volumes. It's got the world's largest mine site concentrate facilities.
We have great relationships with the local community. So we want to build off that and try to reach out
and find some common ground to work for President Castillo, but it's uncertain.

Man, what about the U.S.? What can you say? I mean it's just a head scratcher about what the hell is
going on in Washington these days. And the current administration, I think, recognizes the importance of
minerals like copper to achieve their goals of climate change. And yet, I don't expect them to lessen up
any requirements for permitting environmental management community issues because that just runs
against the grain of their political situation. So it's really uncertain. We're all hopeful we'll see some steps
towards infrastructure building. The country really needs it. You see it in ports and roads and bridges all
over the country, but I just don't have any comment on the political situation other than be distressed
about it. And we also need to have a more thoughtful approach to relationships with China in this country.
And that's a bipartisan issue, and it's a complicated one. But China is going to be an important part of our
world going forward. I mean the country is too big and people are very smart. They work hard, and they
create a lot of economic velocity.

So anyway, I'm focused on staying out of politics and focused on Freeport.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

You sound like a true ambassador, Richard.

Operator

Thank you. Now we'll turn the call over to management for any closing remarks.

Richard C. Adkerson
Chairman & CEO

Well, Kathleen and I thought going into this thing we had such a good quarter, we'll have a real short call,
but I really appreciate your good questions. As always, there are a lot of complicated issues to face with.
I woke up this morning feeling on top of the world and then opened my screen to see for the first in a
number of days, a weak day in the market. And I said that was just God's way of reminding me about the
business we're in. But we couldn't be more -- I think you get -- I hope you get the sense not just from me
but from our whole team about just how good we feel about what we've done.

And we're not going to focus on what we've done. We're focusing on where we go from here. And it's a
long-range business. This is a long-range company. We don't feel any pressure to do anything from any
kind of M&A standpoint or are -- be overly aggressive in new investment decisions. We can approach this
in a very straightforward logical way. And in the meantime, make a lot of money and show shareholders

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

some gratitude for sticking with us and being part of our company. So thank you all. If you have follow-up
questions, as always, let me or David know, and we'll be responsive.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

