Freeport-McMoRan Inc. NYSE:FCX
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 23, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(0.03)

0.03

NM

0.09

0.11

1.16

Revenue  (mm)

3057.40

3054.00

(0.11 %)

3325.78

12816.83

16727.92

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-21-2020 11:35 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

(0.01)

0.00

(0.17)

(0.03)

(0.01)

0.02

(0.16)

0.03

NM

-

NM

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Harry Conger;President & COO
of Americas

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Alexander Nicholas Hacking
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Brian MacArthur
Raymond James Ltd., Research
Division

Carlos De Alba
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Christopher LaFemina
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

David Francis Gagliano
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Jatinder Goel
Exane BNP Paribas, Research
Division

John Charles Tumazos
John Tumazos Very Independent
Research, LLC

Lucas Nathaniel Pipes
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research
Division

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan Second Quarter
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kathleen Quirk, Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer. Please go ahead, ma'am.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our conference call. Earlier this morning, we
reported our second quarter 2020 operating and financial results, and a copy of the press release and
slides are available on our website at fcx.com.

Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet, and anyone may listen to the call by
accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to
analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call, and a replay of the
webcast will be available on our website later today.

Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our
comments on the call include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially. I'd like
to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and
to the risk factors described in our 2019 Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, each filed with
the SEC as updated by FCX's subsequent filings with the SEC.

On the call today is Richard Adkerson, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Red Conger is on
the call; as well as Mark Johnson; Steve Higgins; Rick Coleman; and Mike Kendrick. I'll start by briefly
summarizing the financial results and then turn the call over to Richard, who will be going through the
presentation materials. As usual, after our prepared remarks, we'll open the call up for questions.

Today, FCX reported net income attributable to common stock of $53 million or $0.03 per share in the
second quarter of 2020. The results included net credits of $9 million or roughly $0.01 per share, primarily
associated with favorable metals inventory adjustments and an income tax credit, and those were mostly
offset by COVID-19-related costs and employee separation programs. Adjusted net income after these
special items totaled $44 million or $0.03 per share in the second quarter.

Our adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation for the second quarter totaled $754 million.
That was above our July 6 estimate of approximately $650 million, primarily reflecting slightly higher sales
volumes in the quarter and lower costs than our prior estimates. A reconciliation of our EBITDA is available
on Slide 38 of our slide deck.

Copper sales during the second quarter were 759 million pounds, that was about 10% higher than our
April 2020 estimate, and that reflected better-than-anticipated production rates in Indonesia and North
America and the timing of shipments from Cerro Verde. Our second quarter gold sales of 184,000 ounces
were 12% higher than our April 2020 estimate, reflecting a strong performance in Indonesia. The average
realized copper price during the quarter for copper was $2.55 per pound. That was below the year ago
quarterly average of $2.75 per pound. And gold realized prices realized prices averaged $1,749 per ounce
during the second quarter, above last year's second quarter of $1,351 per ounce.

Consolidated average unit net cash costs of averaged $1.47 per pound in the second quarter of 2020.
That was lower than the year ago quarter and also lower than our April 2020 estimate of $1.63 per pound,
reflecting the higher copper and gold sales volumes and strong execution of our cost reduction initiatives.

We generated strong cash flows during the quarter, totaling $491 million in cash flows from operations
and funded capital expenditures totaling $527 million during the period. We ended the quarter with

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

consolidated debt totaling $9.9 billion and consolidated cash totaled $1.5 billion, with strong liquidity and
no borrowings under our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Richard, who will be referring to our slide presentation materials.
Richard, please go ahead.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Okay. Thank you, Kathleen, and good morning to each of you, and we appreciate you participating in
our call today. I hope you and your families are staying well and safe. This has been a very trying time
over the past 4 months. Work has been intense, life is challenging. I'm pleased that our team has shown
the discipline to persevere. We faced lots of problems but I want to say that this quarterly report, as we
previewed earlier, is really a good news for our Freeport team and the great work we've been doing. We'll
refer to the slides.

And going to Slide 3. At Freeport, we are, of course, continuing to prioritize the health and safety of our
workers. And we're also working hard to support the communities where we operate as we serve our
customers with their ongoing requirements for copper. In late April, we laid out a comprehensive plan to
share with our stakeholders at that time to describe how we were going to manage the COVID-19 health
and economic issues, keep our people safe and how we were going to safeguard our business to protect
the value of our assets for what we are convinced will be a really positive long-term future.

Since that time, over the past 3 months, I've been extremely proud of our Freeport team for the way they
responded to this plan and this crisis in a very short period, making tough decisions during the height of
this unprecedented crisis, and more importantly, how our team is executing on these plans safely with a
spirit of commitment and cooperation. We have had a real sense of urgency in implementing these plans.
We moved very quickly to reduce costs and capital spending and you can see this in our second quarter
results and our annual guidance that we're providing today.

Our management of worker health care to date has been effective. Pleased that in addition to manage
these health issues, our team has also achieved strong safety performance during the quarter. And that's
particularly gratifying because of our concerns as to people might be distracted, but that's not been the
case. We have been able to produce safely our products using strict operating protocols, distancing,
enhancing protective equipment for our workers, sanitization, and particularly, significant investments
in testing and tracing, isolated infected people and treating those that are sick. We've actually had only
a handful of people to be seriously sick, and the vast majority of the people that have encountered the
disease today have recovered. Many have not had no symptoms. But that's not deterred us from going
forward with the program to protect their safety.

Our workforce is adhering to global health standards. We're making sure everyone focuses on their
own personal safety and the well-being of people around them. We are continuing and enhancing and
responding to these protocols as we go forward. Our global team of workers is, of course, critical to our
company's success, and we recognize that. And I personally appreciate the dedication, commitment and
their cooperation during this challenging time.

Other than government-imposed restrictions in Cerro Verde, there have only been very limited impacts
from the pandemic at our operating -- in our operating sites. But knowing just how fast this virus can
spread, we remain diligent and steadfast in protecting people. As I said in April, we laid out our plans to
address our business and boost liquidity in what was then a very weak and volatile market environment.
As a reminder, we laid out our plan to reduce cost and capital spending in 2020 by over $2 billion to
a reduction of about 15% of our planned copper production, totaling about 400 million pounds and
aggressive management of all costs, including G&A and exploration.

Our execution of this plan has been very effective. You see that in our second quarter results, which are
better than the revised forecast. Our sales volume exceeded our April guidance by 10% for copper, 12%
by gold, all achieved very safely in the face of this global crisis. Our team maintained focus, drive and
came together to meet the challenges as we've done effectively in the past at Freeport.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Copper prices have improved dramatically during the quarter. Our plan was based in April on a $2.30 per
pound copper price, and we had contingencies for much lower prices. Even though prices are higher, we
are staying the course, remain disciplined in executing our cost containment plans.

We are convinced this is prudent in light of the uncertainties and dynamic nature of the ongoing pandemic.
We're not letting down our guard at all or are taking any victory laps. We are more focused than ever as
an organization to drive long-term values that we see in our assets.

In a few seconds, I'll be reporting more in detail on the progress our team has made at Grasberg. The
team there continues to shine in its operations, and it's really key to our long-term strategy. We are on
schedule in ramping up to deliver large, low cost, sustainable production volume of copper and gold for
years to come. The team has consistently been meeting or beating forecast. That's been our situation for
several quarters now, and I'm pleased to report that we're on track with our ramp up plan.

And I also want to especially acknowledge the Cerro Verde team for their exceptional work during this
quarter to restore operations at our site near Arequipa in Peru. We've worked very closely with Peruvian
government and local authorities. We developed a safe plan for return to operations at Cerro Verde.
By June, we were operating at 80% of our 2019 rates. We're continuing to increase productivity with
protocols that protect workers in the communities surrounding Arequipa. The Lone Star project in Eastern
Arizona advanced during the quarter on schedule and that is now being commissioned.

We also continue to build flexibility in our balance sheet through extending maturities at attractive rates.
We're working with our bank group to provide enhanced downside protection to maintain liquidity through
our bank credit facility. All of this has effectively safe guarded our business, allowed us to navigate this
period of uncertainty and retain the massive upside we see in our asset that is now increasingly close to
being in front of us. Our company benefits from a major way from having an extraordinary long life and
durable reserve base and resource base, premier position in copper, which has a compelling long-term
outlook and significant exposure to gold markets. I'm confident that continued strong execution will make
these assets even more valuable to our shareholders in the future.

Now turning to Slide 4. We talk about our commitment to our communities, this has been long-standing
and unwavering. Communities are home for our workers and their families. They're central to our long-
term success. Across the globe, we've supported communities during this time with much needed
medical supplies, food, monetary support. In many respects, dealing with COVID is bringing us closer to
communities where we operate to fight a common foe. Our people are stepping up to help communities to
meet this growing needs. And as a company, we're continuing to find ways to make a difference.

On Slide 5, we talk about our commitment to all stakeholders. Our focus is on our shareholders, of course,
but equally on our workers' communities and environment, and this has been embedded in Freeport's
culture for many years. We cannot be successful in generating long-term value for shareholders unless
we address sustainability issues appropriately and effective. We learned that many years ago. While this
commitment is being highlighted through our actions in response to the COVID pandemic, in our recent
support -- published annual report in sustainability, which you can find on our website, summarizes all
of our programs in this important area. I'm pleased to note we have recently published our first climate
report, which details our efforts to date and our plans to address climate-related risks and opportunities
will go forward. And of course, copper is going to play a key role broadly in dealing with carbon reduction
as the world focuses more on climate issues.

As I mentioned as shown on Slide 6, copper prices have recovered sharply from the lows in March. We are
now back to the point where they were earlier in the year at the height of the crisis. Speaking candidly,
this recovery came sooner and stronger than we and others anticipated, similarly to what we saw in
2009, 2010. China's economy is recovering strongly and steadily from the first quarter low, then led by its
industrial sector, infrastructure spending and the government's actions to stimulate the Chinese economy.

Around the world, ongoing monetary and physical stimulus is helping offset the negative economic
downturn from COVID. We're beginning to see a restart in the global economies. We're also seeing
some positive signs as businesses reopen in the Western world, particularly with automobile production

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

beginning to improve. Supplies of copper during this COVID pandemic have been affected, both mine
supply and scrap availability are lower.

Notably, inventories have remained low and have actually moved even lower in recent months. Now this is
very notable because it's not typical of past commodity downturns. Typically, in downturns, inventories rise
and then have to be worked over -- worked off when recovery occurs. The currently low inventories are a
good omen for copper as it positions the metal for material gains as economic activity rebounds.

Now having said this, we at Freeport are cognizant of the risk of current uncertainties. We will continue to
operate our business prudently until there's clarity. As economic -- as economies around the world recover
and improve, copper will be a major benefit. And prices are still well below what is needed to incentivize
investments in new projects, which result in a tight market as we go forward.

Slide 7, we talk -- we show how to become clearly and more widely acknowledged that copper's
importance in global economy will be key to achieving decarbonization initiatives that will require greater
intensity for the use of copper. Copper is strongly supported by fundamentals as an essential metal in
the overall global economy. And as the economy recovers and the world grows, more copper will be
needed. But momentum is growing in efforts to reduce carbon around the world. Perfectly convinced --
I'm personally convinced this is going to be a mandate for all companies and governments expanded
by people as we go forward. From electric vehicles and charging stations to 5G and other technical
applications, all of this is driven by electronics and electronics require copper.

Copper is essential not only in times when the economy is growing, but also times like these, when health
care, water and food supply, communication and technology critically important. Telecommunications,
digital technologies, cloud applications have never been more important than in today's world. The current
pandemic is bringing to light what copper can achieve improving -- what copper can achieve in improving
global health. Studies have demonstrated that copper can destroy viruses like COVID-19. Use in health
care equipment, facilities, public places will undoubtedly grow significantly.

Our company, Freeport, is foremost in copper. Copper is widely considered the best positioned major
commodity from a supply/demand standpoint, and Freeport will be a major beneficiary of these trends.

Now beginning on Slide 8, I'll give you a brief update on our operations and projects. At Cerro Verde, its
production was impacted during the quarter by the government order, which restricted operating rates
for Cerro Verde and other mines in Peru. Our Cerro Verde team is doing terrific work in working with the
government and our workforce and implementing protocols to demonstrate to the government and our
workers that we can operate safely.

During the quarter, we managed to increase rates from about 1/3 of capacity to about 80% of 2019 levels.
Our current plans assume we operate at about 350,000 tonnes per day through the mill for the balance of
the year. We will continuously monitor conditions in the region and work to increase rates over time. We
have demonstrated in the past that the modern concentrator complex at Cerro Verde, the largest in the
world, copper industry, and can produce rates over 400,000 metric tons per day. Cerro Verde has been a
large contributor to the local economy, one of the largest employers in the region, has a bright long-term
future. Cerro Verde is simply a great long-term asset for Freeport.

Now for the good stuff. At Grasberg, I'm very pleased to report of the positive progress on our
underground ramp up. For several quarters now, our team has consistently been meeting or beating
expectations. And this quarter's progress is strictly noteworthy in light of doing this with having to manage
the impact of the pandemic. Combined production from our 2 major mines, the Grasberg Block Cave and
the Deep MLZ mine average number 55 -- averaged nearly 55,000 tonnes of ore per day. This is ahead
of our forecast, and almost 50% above the first quarter of this year. By the end of the quarter, we were
producing 70,000 tonnes of ore per day containing high grades of copper and gold, and we expect to exit
2020 at 95,000 tonnes per day.

We added 46 new drawbells during the quarter. These are for the rock funnels that are used to collect ore
simultaneously, which add scale. We now have 260 drawbell locations and growing these infrastructures in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

place. What we're doing now is basic block cave mining, advancing the cave fronts, building drawbells and
commencing production.

On Slide 9, we show a new chart this quarter to illustrate the pace of our underground production ramp-
up. The annualized run rate in the second quarter, this is really notable, is now at about 50 -- close to
50% of the ultimate goal of producing an average of 1.55 billion pounds of copper and 1.6 million ounces
of gold from the underground ore bodies. This is triple what we achieved a year ago. As indicated in the
graph, we expect to average about 70% of the annual targeted run rate by the fourth quarter of this year
and by the end of 2021 be at 90% of the targeted run rates. We expect to continue to add new drawbells
to allow us to increase production. Basically, we'll now continue to do what we now have been doing over
the last several quarters.

Boiling this all down, it is straightforward that all of this is achievable because of the more than 15
years we've been investing in this program, making the decision to continue this investment during our
negotiations with the Indonesia government on contract. The investments we made in development
and infrastructure, the technical expertise of our team in managing block cave and a social license we
have earned at Grasberg position us over the many years we've been there. We are now positioned for
achieving the success that we've been pointing to for such a long period of time.

Look, we know better than anybody in the world the risk inherent in block cave mining, and there are
issues that we will face. But the progress to date demonstrates validity and our confidence. We've gone a
long way in derisking the long-term plan.

We recently achieved a major milestone, which was expected, the Grasberg Block Cave has now
intersected the massive Grasberg open pit. This is a milestone. It was also a situation that we had to be
prepared to manage because it involves certain unknowns. I'm gratified to say that Mark Johnson and his
team are dealing with this, and we don't foresee this as being a problem. And now the massive Grasberg
open pit will literally crumble in to the block cave mine we're developing. The value creation from this
transformation is truly massive.

Notably, the gold benefit of Grasberg production has been and will be a major benefit with combined rates
-- combined with rates of high grades of copper. The full production at Grasberg mine is the largest gold
mine, even though the gold is a by-product of the copper operations. The high grades of copper combined
with this gold component make Grasberg one of the mining industry's truly most valuable, fabulous aspect
in its history. As gold prices approximate $1,800 an ounce, revenues from gold are projected to completely
offset the total cost of production at Grasberg. EBITDA from this operation would average $4.5 billion to
$5 billion a year at copper and gold prices.

Really want to say and emphasize that our partnership with the government of Indonesia remains
strong, and I would say, grow stronger every day. We are now fully aligned in our mutual objectives of
creating values for all stakeholders. And what a much improved situation it is for all of us to be focused on
developing and operating this asset and not to be sidetracked by dealing with contract issues as we were
for so long. Can't say enough about how pleased I am with the agreement we reached in December 2018
and how it's being operating.

I want to say, as indicated in our April report, we continue to experience delays with the development
of the proposed new smelter in the Gresik area of Eastern Java. We're continuing to do front-end
planning and site work to a certain degree, but COVID is a real serious problem in the Gresik area,
and it is delaying progress with this project with workers and with contractors. We are continuing our
discussions with the government regarding our request for a year's delay in completing the project. We
are also engaged in discussing with partners and representative of the government alternative scenarios
that would be mutual beneficial to the government and the PT-FI. These matters are currently under
consideration, and we'll keep you informed of what happens with this.

There's nothing easy about this project we're doing. It takes a world-class team in terms of competency
with years of experience, strong track record of success. This is a unique asset in a unique physical
setting. We're meeting this challenge. We met the challenge of dealing with the unexpected seismic events
at the Deep MLZ mine with a hydraulic fracking solution that is now working and is proving to be very

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

effective. We are confident about our team's ability to meet these challenges and confidence going forward
that the biggest risk we face are behind us.

Slide 9 shows -- illustrates what I've been talking about in terms of the progress that we're making
towards getting to our long-term goal, which we will subsequently reach by the end of just next year, 18
months from now. Recall -- many of you recall how we were talking about dealing with this 15 years ago,
and now we're 18 months away. As I said, in terms of targeted production, we're at about 50% way there
in terms of throughput from our 2 major mines. We're 1/3 of the way there and moving forward.

Slide 10 covers the smelter, which I've talked about. Slide 11, we talk about our Lone Star mine in Eastern
Arizona. This is the mine that as most of you know that's directly adjacent to the Safford mine, where
we're using available production facilities as the Safford mine ages and has availability for capacity. It's
just across the mountain ridge from Morenci in an area of the world that we're very well familiar with
and very well accepted. Our progress at Lone Star was excellent in the quarter. Commissioning work has
begun. We are ramping up placement of ore on a newly constructed leach pad at Safford, the pre-stripping
we undertook to explore the ore is substantially behind us now, and we're setting up for a production
phase to begin this quarter, in the third quarter.

Project capital of $825 million is largely behind us, expected to be a bit lower than the original budget.
Initial project forecasted at 200 million pounds of copper annually. We're evaluating exciting opportunities
to increase production over time with low capital. This is a tremendous resource with great expansion
opportunities. But for now, we're focused on optimizing the initial project. We'll turn to major expansions
at Lone Star when market conditions warrant. Over the long term, this asset will be a significant future
cornerstone asset for Freeport in the United States in our outlook.

I want to point out, the United States has major advantages for mining investment compared with
other countries around the world in general. For our company, there are no taxes in the -- for our U.S.
investments for many, many years to come. We pay no royalties because we own lands and field. Energy
costs are lower. We have a flexible workforce with no unions. We have now have an improved regulatory
framework. Freeport has achieved, through hard work, community and government support for our
businesses, and the United States benefits from a strong rule of law.

Slide 12, we summarize the work we've been talking about over the past year that our company has
been dealing with automation. We continue to leverage the technology tools we've developed to unlock
bottlenecks, use machine learning, drive to have our best operating performance every hour of every day.
We have reduced the budget for this initiative -- the spending budget for this initiative, but our teams
continue to progress the work we started in 2018 and '19 using internal resources with minimal capital
investment. We continue to be encouraged by the power of these 2 and the results to generate -- results
we've generated to date. And I can say the enthusiasm for our team for this initiative is very high.

Now pulling this all together on Slide 13, you will see that we're on a path to double our EBITDA from
2020 levels as we go forward. Execution of these plans now well underway will allow us to grow copper
volumes by over 20% in 2021, gold volumes by 75%, reduce our net unit cost by over 20% and
significantly expand our margins and cash flows. Assuming an average of $2.70 copper for 2020, this
takes into account the first year actual average and $2.85 copper for the balance of the year, EBITDA
would approximate $3.4 billion. This expands to $6 billion to $7 billion per year at $2.75 to $3 copper. Our
gold revenues are expected to approximate $2.7 billion per year at $1,800 gold. So you can see the very
positive exposure we have to gold prices.

Through our decisive actions announced in April for 2020, we have protected the downside while we've
retained the growth in cash flows for 2021 and beyond. That was the objective of the whole exercise.
This combination of growing volumes with potential -- has the potential to coincide with the rising and
copper prices to enable us to strengthen our balance sheet and then return to the day when we can
provide significant cash returns to our shareholders. We at Freeport have all worked so hard to position
our company for this opportunity and is particularly gratifying now to see this firmly within our line of
sight.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Slide 14. I'm so proud of our organization and what we refer to internally as the Freeport edge. Our
management team has extensive experience in managing tough market environments. Leadership teams
across our company are seasoned and battle hardened. They have been effective and successful in
past downturns. Each crisis is different, but in each of our past experiences, Freeport as a company has
come out stronger. We have a management structure and a team that is collaborative, experienced and
decisive. We never cut corners on important issues involving worker safety, environmental obligations,
responsibilities to our communities and commitments to governments. We keep a long-term focus on our
license to operate around the world that we have worked so hard to earn. We've shown that we can adjust
to market conditions quickly. We've done this on multiple occasions, and we're doing it now. We developed
contingency plans for further actions required to take this on a site-by-site basis. Value orientation is a
real hallmark of this Freeport organization.

Freeport is foremost in copper in the industry, and copper is a great place to be. Freeport's portfolio of
assets are large and high quality. We are an established industry leader by developing and operating
mines that are among the largest in the world. Our assets are long-lived and durable with embedded
options for reserve and resource growth. We have strong franchises in the U.S.A., South America and
Indonesia. We have industry-leading technical capabilities through a strong track record of project
execution demonstrated over many years. We've earned the trust and respect of our partners, our
customers, our suppliers, financial markets, most importantly, our workers, communities and host
companies where we operate.

Really important that our block caving experience in our company is one of the most extensive and long
standing in the history of the global mining industry. We've been successfully operating block cave mines
in Indonesia since the early 1980s, and we have an important molybdenum block caving operation in
Colorado at our Henderson mine. This experience and capabilities and competency is critically important
as we tradition Grasberg with the largest block caving operation in the world, and I can tell you it's highly
valued by our Indonesian partners. Our experienced and battle-tested management has demonstrated
the capabilities to perform in good times and in bad. We are confident in our ability to deliver these plans
safely and efficiently.

Before turning the presentation back to Kathleen, I want to close by sincerely thanking all of our Freeport
people. They inspire me every day. I want to recognize them for their strength and resiliency, their
dedication and performance. I'm personally proud to be part of this team over all these years. I can tell
you, we're all motivated and committed to persevering and achieving success for all of our stakeholders.
Kathleen?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Thanks, Richard. And I'll just briefly review our financial outlook, beginning on Slide 17, and then
we'll take your questions.

On Slide 17, we're summarizing our sales outlook for 2020 through 2022. As Richard indicated, our global
team is performing at a high level. We've increased our 2020 sales outlook by about 60 million pounds
of copper and 50,000 ounces of gold, reflecting the strong second quarter performance. As reflected in
the charts, our sales volumes estimates are expected to grow by over 20% in 2021, and 30% in 2022
compared to 2020 levels. Notably, volumes in 2022 are expected to increase by nearly 1 billion pounds
of copper from 2020 levels. This reflects the projected addition of volumes from Grasberg as we move
toward design capacity and the increased Cerro Verde volumes as we continue to restore full production
levels.

Our gold volumes, as I said, in 2020, are slightly above our prior estimates and are similar to the guidance
that we provided for 2021 and 2022. For moly, we've adjusted the sales outlook slightly to better match
our supply with current market conditions.

We show on the next slide, Slide 18, our volumes by quarter. And as you'll see, we're expecting a strong
second half with sales increasing throughout the year. And you'll note by the fourth quarter, we're very

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

close to our 2021 run rate for annual volumes. Our teams remain very focused on executing the plan
safely and finishing the year strong.

Turning to costs on the next slide, Slide 19. You can see we moved very quickly in March and April to
adjust our cost structure. We modified our mine plans to reduce mining rates and to reduce higher cost
production, and we've successfully implemented a series of cost savings initiatives to drive long-term
benefits. As Richard mentioned, in addition to the operating cost reductions, we also took steps to reduce
overhead and exploration costs, and those initiatives were also successfully implemented during the
second quarter.

We reduced our North American mining rates in the second quarter by about 25% compared to the year
ago quarter. We also reduced our contract labor significantly, and our team stepped up -- internal teams
stepped up to fill in the gaps. We continue to effectively implement the cost containment programs that
have been underway in Indonesia. And as a result of these combined initiatives, our unit cash costs
declined from $1.90 per pound on a net unit cost basis in the first quarter to $1.47 per pound in the
second quarter. This was over 10% better than our April forecast. We're continuing to manage all costs
very carefully, and expect our net unit cash cost to trend lower in the second half of the year and into
2021 as we increase volumes at a very low incremental cost.

Our current forecast incorporates current market conditions for energy prices, currency rates and other
input costs. These input costs have increased somewhat from our April forecast but this has been offset
by improved gold prices. So we're continuing to expect our net unit cash cost for the year to be roughly
$1.53. That's similar to the average cost we estimate of $1.55 in April. And in 2021, the average is
expected to decline to below $1.20 per pound. With the rising volumes and declining cash costs, we
expect our margins and cash flows to expand in the second half of the year.

As you look at Slide 20, this provides the EBITDA and cash flow sensitivities and shows the significant cash
flow generation that we expect from the business, bringing in the additional volumes into 2021 and 2022
and beyond. As you'll see, if we assume gold prices flat at $1,800 per ounce, and molybdenum flat at $7
per pound, we would generate between $6 billion and $8 billion of annual EBITDA at copper prices ranging
between $2.75 per pound and $3.25 per pound.

Operating cash flows, which are reflected at the bottom of the chart would range between $4 billion
and $5 billion at these price levels. This provides a significant amount of cash flow to fund our capital
expenditures, and provide excess cash flows for further balance sheet improvement and returns to
shareholders. We're all very focused on this. We're very close to getting there, as you'll see from the
results we expect in the fourth quarter of this year. And much of the capital that was required to generate
this result has already been spent to achieve this, and we'll continue to maintain our focus on delivering
these results.

On Slide 21, we present the capital spending plans. We'll continue to manage the capital plans in line with
the revised estimates we laid out in April. As a reminder, we reduced our 2020 capital spending by about
$800 million, and we're tracking very well against those plans. The bulk of the $2 billion capital budget
for 2020 is -- relates to the Grasberg underground development, which we'll pay back quickly as we reach
capacity rates. As Richard indicated, the spending for Lone Star in 2020 is largely behind us, and we'll
begin to generate cash flow from that operation.

We have adjusted slightly the 2021 capital budget down from $2.3 billion to $2.2 billion. That was
originally estimated at the beginning of the year to total $2.4 billion. And we're presenting our 2022
estimates, and as you'll see, the spending at Grasberg will begin to decline and decline after 2022 as well.
We're going to continue to manage our capital spending levels very carefully. We'll remain very disciplined
in carrying out our revised operating plans.

Turning to our financial and liquidity position. You'll see we had strong liquidity at the end of June totaling
$5 billion, and our financial position is strong. We've taken steps to protect the balance sheet and liquidity,
and we undertook a series of capital markets transactions over the last 12 months to extend out our debt
maturity profile and provide flexibility. We also worked with our banks and achieved an amendment to our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

credit facility during the second quarter, which provides substantial flexibility and gives us access to the
liquidity under the bank credit facility.

We show our net debt at the end of June of $8.4 billion. That's debt of just under $10 billion, net of our
cash position of $1.5 billion. And that equates to about 2.5x of the estimated 2020 EBITDA. Notably, that
relates -- if you look at 2021 EBITDA, the leverage is 1.4x. If we were to apply the 2021 projected excess
cash flow to net debt reduction, we have $5.3 billion of net debt at the end of 2021 or less than 1x the
2021 EBITDA.

Our uses of excess cash will be considered by the Board. There's a strong commitment to maintaining a
strong balance sheet to drive shareholder returns over the long term, and our Board will consider financial
policy as we go forward. But we show at the bottom of the chart the average duration of our debt, which
is currently just under 11 years. And as you can see, we've built significant flexibility with the maturity
schedule that is very attractive profile over the next few years.

Regarding financial policy, as we've covered throughout this call, we remain focused on safeguarding
our people and our business and maintaining strong liquidity and balance sheet strength as we manage
through uncertainty during the pandemic. As previously reported, our Board has indicated that it does not
expect to declare dividends in 2020 but this will be evaluated on a regular basis. And as we successfully
execute these plans and enter 2021, we expect to be in a much stronger position with increased cash
flows, enhance flexibility to consider shareholder returns.
So that's just a summary of our quarter and outlook. And now operator, I would like to take questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of David Gagliano with BMO Capital
Markets.

David Francis Gagliano
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Covered a lot of it in the prepared remarks, but I did just want to try and probe a little bit more on the
capital return policy. Obviously, strong free cash flow generation expected over the next 6 quarters. Net
debt metrics below 1x. Is there a target of average leverage metrics over the cycle? And from a timing
perspective, when should investors start thinking about getting some of that cash back?

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

So Dave, we've always approached those questions not from the standpoint of developing any particular
financial metrics, but assessing commodity markets, cash flows and where we stand. We will want to
reduce our debt from the current levels. We were doing that, on a track to do that before COVID hit. And
so as these cash flows recover, and Kathleen talks about capital spending going down, we'll have much
higher volumes and the prospects for higher copper prices, we'll have opportunities in the relative near
term, beginning in -- by the end of 2021 to achieve that goal of reducing debt going forward.

Now I want to compliment Kathleen and her team for the actions that have been taken over the past 10
months or so. We've had 3 bond offerings now that have been very successful at rates that are really
attractive, considering the fact that we're just beyond being investment-grade, still we expect someday to
get back to investment-grade. But now we spread out our maturities. We've worked with flexibility of the
bank group, so we can achieve all that. So I can't give you any anything other than if this world unfolds
like we hope it will and expect it to in the very near future, we're going to be able to return to paying
dividends and looking at the possibility of buying stock back, depending on how the equity market reacts
to our improved situation, quite frankly, expect the equity market to react positively in a significant way.

David Francis Gagliano
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. And somewhat related on the Indonesian smelter. First of all, I'm assuming that the cash flow
numbers that are -- those projected net debt numbers do not include anything for the smelter and the
CapEx in smelter.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

That's correct. That's correct.

David Francis Gagliano
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. Okay. And then in the press release...

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

But let me just say, I know you understand this, Dave, because you followed us so closely over the years.
But to be clear to everyone else, the smelter, if we go forward with the current plan, and as I said, that's
under discussion, will be financed by PT-FI, where we have a 49% equity interest. But because of our
shareholders agreement with the government of Indonesia and the state-owned company MIND ID,
we consolidate. So we have a 49% interest, will be financed by that entity and -- but it will show up as

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

consolidated debt because we consolidate PT-FI, which is really good for the way we present our financial
statements.

David Francis Gagliano
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. That's helpful. Then just really quickly, the related question there on the Indonesian smelter. The
press release does lay other alternatives in terms of deferring schedule for the projects as well as other
alternatives. Can you touch a little bit more on what those other alternatives might be?

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

One of the positive things about this is these considerations within the Indonesian government are being
led by the minister and the ministry of state-owned enterprises, whereas in the past, we had to deal with
that on our own. We have aligned interest with the state-owned enterprises. And a number of alternatives
are being considered, which would -- the alternatives to building the smelter is presently contemplated.
It's a complicated political situation, it goes without saying. But the economic benefits to the government
are really strong if we were to pursue other alternatives that would require significantly less capital from
PT-FI.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Carlos De Alba with Morgan Stanley.

Carlos De Alba
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So my question is on the ramp-up of Indonesia on the ground operations. I appreciate, congratulations
on achieving the targets and have been on the right track to deliver result there. I just have a question
on exhibit -- on Slide 35, the open drawbells on a cumulative-blasted basis where -- declined a little bit
from the last quarter presentation. So it's a little bit less in 2020, '21; and '22 in the DMLZ; and for the
GBC, it is lower in 2020 and 2021, slightly higher in 2022. So I appreciate that this may be too specific
of a question, but given that this is probably the most important aspect of people going forward, I just
wanted to get some clarification as to what drove that rise in the forecast.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, this is Kathleen. There were just minor revisions to the Deep MLZ and GBC drawbells. And you can
see it was at the end of 2021, we had 213 for Deep MLZ, and 322, and those have been reduced by 3
each. It's not been anything significant and just slight timing differences by the end of 2022 in Deep MLZ,
we're just slightly below. But it doesn't change the ore extraction levels, and it's pretty much the same
plan that we've been on.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

I'll just say this, as I mentioned earlier, this is a complicated operation. Mark Johnson is on the call and
nobody knows that better than him. So there are going to be ups and downs and adjustments and so
forth. That part of our everyday life out there. But just step back and look at the big picture of what we
set out to do and what we're doing, and we have confidence that over time, we'll do it. But having said
that, there will be things that we'll have to deal with as we had in the past. So you'll see adjustments like
this occur from time to time.

Operator

Your next question will come from the line of Alexander Hacking with Citi.

Alexander Nicholas Hacking
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

I just wanted to ask around the production guidance. In the last quarter, in the teeth of the COVID crisis
and copper price is extremely low, you cut your production guidance for this year and in particular, next
year, where you took a couple of hundred million pounds out of South America. Is that something that
gets revisited if copper prices are sustained at these levels? Or are those kind of revised mine plans locked
in now?

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Well, they are revised mine plans that we're following. And we are not -- we're tweaking, but we're not
making any major adjustments to those until we have clarity in this market situation. But as clarity occurs,
the plans will be adjusted. The resources are there. Some of this -- the cut production was lower margin
production and as prices increase, it becomes profitable again. So there will be timing impacts as to how it
ramps up and so forth, so it'll be part of our future. But Alex, as you know all too well, this is not a turn on
a spigot, turn off a spigot thing. You ratchet back, it has impacts. You ramp it back up, takes some time.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Chris LaFemina with Jefferies.

Christopher LaFemina
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

For me, the most impressive data point in this earnings release was the unit cost performance in the
Americas, especially on a site production and delivery cost basis, where you had very substantial
reductions from the first quarter to the second quarter. I suppose that's a function of the changes to your
operating plans.

My question relates to the guidance. So if you look at your unit cost guidance for 2020, in particular for
South America, it implies that, say, production and delivery costs will rise in the second half of the year,
and I'm wondering why that might be.

And I suppose related to that is Cerro Verde production. I think in the last quarter, you had guided
to second half 2020 mill rate of 400,000 tonnes per day. And in the press release today -- or in the
presentation today, you're guiding to 350,000 tonnes per day. So I'm wondering if there is some kind of
cost increase that we should expect for Cerro Verde in the second half of the year. I would have thought
that with the mill rate going up from the run rate in the second quarter to the second half of the year,
unit costs might actually fall further, but it does not appear to be the case. So just if you can give us
some clarity as to what exactly is going on with that cost outlook for the second half of the year in South
America in particular?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. The main change in the second half compared to the second quarter in South America relates to
increasing the Cerro Verde mining rate. And during the second quarter, the mining rate was lower than
what we expect. And in order to get the mill rate up on a sustained basis, we'll have to begin increasing
the mining rate. So that's what that reflects in the second half.

But to your point about the cost reductions, the team has just done incredible work in bringing down
costs. I mentioned the use of reduction in contract costs, contract labor costs. We've had some headwinds
on some of the currency exchange rates and energy costs from the low levels that we had in the second
quarter. Those have reversed a little bit. But the disciplines of driving the cost performance and balancing
that with production is something that our team is very focused on. So that's -- to the prior question about
increasing copper volumes, we're being very careful to make sure that we have sustainable cost savings in
the cost structure before starting to ramp up. But specifically, on South America, the increase relates to an
increase in mining rate in Cerro Verde from the second quarter levels.

Christopher LaFemina
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Okay. And sorry, one other question related -- yes, sorry.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Let me come in here because I really appreciate the comments you made about the performance in
the Americas. And this goes back to the rationale when we put Phelps Dodge and Freeport together. But
the Americas operations are characterized with these very large, lower-grade ore deposits, which is kind of
the world forward in the copper industry. And Red Conger and Josh Olmsted have just had such experience
with this, but are doing such a great job, and it's -- the operations in the field, the way they're managing
the team, we operate all the mines that we have interest in. So we're able to achieve synergies across the
board. Our global supply chain group has done just a great job in working with our suppliers in coming in
with cost.

We've had a playbook for this. I mean we've done this before, and we're doing again very effectively.
But these guys really need to be recognized for dealing with this entirely different set of management
challenges than you have with this high-grade mine we have in Grasberg. And I want to also recognize
Kathleen and Steve Higgins, our Chief Administration Officer, for what we've done with G&A. This is really
significant.

Our company changed dramatically at the end of 2016 when we exited the oil and gas business,
restructured our management team. But at that year, we really had $700 million of G&A. Now we are --
current expectations are that we go down to $355 million. It's been in steps over these years, but that's
almost a 50% reduction in G&A over the past now 4 years. And this has been done as a process. We
made some major steps, we had to furlough some people, unfortunately. We had an incentivized early
retirement, severance plan, we've reduced our headcount in our centralized groups by something over
30%. But this is all part of the things that have come out from this COVID initiative, and they'll have long-
lasting benefits. As a company, we'll never work in the same way that we did before. This COVID thing
came, there's going to be less office space, less meetings, less travel. We proved to ourselves that we can
work effectively. We did not go back to work in Phoenix when the governor opened the state up. The halls
and offices are empty in our headquarters. And yet, you can see the results from this quarter about how
effectively we can operate in this kind of environment, and we're learning lessons from that, that we'll
carry forward to the way we do business in the future.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jatinder Goel with Exane BNP Paribas.

Jatinder Goel
Exane BNP Paribas, Research Division

Just a quick question, thinking more long term. Richard, you alluded that when market conditions allow,
you can look at Lone Star expansion. And you also indicated about 5 million tonne gap emerging in the
market by 2030.

To me, the real constraints for you appear to be balance sheet and potentially management capacity until
Grasberg is delivered. So from a long-term perspective, you've got 3 things probably on your card, Lone
Star, El Abra and Kucing Liar, which you can look after Grasberg is delivered and balance sheet is at a
more normal capacity. How quickly you can move to develop either or all of those projects? And what
would be the order of priority? So just trying to get some sense on your earliest possible time line and
order of priority.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

The time lines are long. One of the issues that's so supportive of copper supply is simply how long it takes
from identifying a resource to doing the feasibility studies for how it's to be developed, how it's to be
permitted and processing and so forth. So all of these things will take long term. And that is a key reason
of why the outlook for copper as a commodity is so strong.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

The current projects that are being pursued today are not in the aggregate significant to the market, but
they are being delayed. So you ask about our situation. The Kucing Liar fits into our long-term mine plan
for Grasberg, and that's something that we're assessing and we'll consider and look at going forward. Lone
Star has the opportunity for oxide expansion, which is growing. That could be done with a limited amount
of investment in new facilities. But longer term, there's a large sulfide resource, and this will be long term,
but it's very, very large. And that would require a very, very large concentrator expansion. We have great
opportunities at El Abra with our partner, CODELCO in Chile. We have great opportunities in the U.S. at
other properties including Bagdad, Morenci, Sierrita, our properties in New Mexico.

And so all of these things are being studied. We are going to be very disciplined about it. First steps for
cash flow will be using debt, increasing shareholder -- returns to shareholders. And then we will -- we
have restrained spending in the project evaluation area as we have across the board in our country for the
current time. As the situation improves, we'll return to investing in the evaluation process and from that
will come the timing schedule that you have. We don't have one right now, but we will keep you informed
as this unfolds and we start spending again and getting in the process for evaluation.

But key positive feature about Freeport is this opportunity to grow our business internally to develop
resources, which we get no value for currently today in our stock price. If we develop those ourselves,
all that value goes to our shareholders as opposed to making an acquisition where substantial value goes
to the owners of the asset being acquired. I know that's not a clear answer to your question, but it's a
truthful answer to where we are.

Operator

Your next question will come from the line of Lucas Pipes with B. Riley FBR.

Lucas Nathaniel Pipes
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research Division

Congrats on another very strong quarter. Richard, in light of current gold prices, I wondered if you have
considered changing your slogan to foremost in copper, second in gold or something along those lines.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Lucas, years -- gold like copper has its ups and downs. And often, gold's up when copper's down, copper's
up when gold's down. I remember years ago when gold was really high, I started to change the name to
Freeport Gold and Copper. That was before Phelps Dodge.

Lucas Nathaniel Pipes
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research Division

And you already touched on my question, that is gold equities tend to trade at substantially lower discount
rates. And I wondered how you're thinking about that besides changing names, changing slogans.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Well, we have, over the years, looked at a number of strategic alternatives involving our gold asset. Back
in the days before Phelps Dodge, Freeport was a company that was 2/3 copper, 1/3 gold. And we really
struggled to attract investors because of the different objectives of gold investors and copper objectives.
And really, we found the only way we could attract investors was paying an extraordinarily high dividend.
And for those of you -- you're all too young to remember that, but that was where we were. We made
the commitment to the copper business. The gold component of Grasberg is, as I talked about earlier, a
key reason why that asset is so fabulously attractive. And so we're a price taker with gold. We continually
review options about dealing with it. But to date, we concluded that its greatest value to us is funding the
cost at Grasberg. Just think about this, having 1.5 billion pounds of copper with no costs or negative costs.
And so that's the role we see it playing in our company.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Our next question comes from the line of John Tumazos with John Tumazos Very Independent Research.

John Charles Tumazos
John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC

Congratulations on the great production and thank you for the update on the next smelter. Some of the
other companies have cut back on exploration, waste stripping, underground development or maintenance
in the struggle to keep up production. Are there any of those functions that have been delayed at some of
your sites such that 2022, '23, '24 output targets might be a little uphill or tougher to meet?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

John, it's Kathleen...

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Kathleen, let me start. So John, that's a great point. And I mean, you could look back in our history and
with the -- in 2008, when the price of copper just cratered from $4 a pound at midyear to approaching $2
a pound by midway in the third -- fourth quarter. We did have to make some of those changes. I mean we
parked 100 trucks at Morenci, right? We're headed for something on that order, cut production in half, and
that resulted in a multiyear ramp up.

So breaking our business apart, from exploration, we have essentially terminated all greenfield
exploration, which is pretty limited for us anyway considering our brownfield opportunities. We continue to
do work at key operations. That's not going to be a constraint for us going forward.

Grasberg, we really have looked at costs hard, made some reductions, but done nothing to slow down the
ramp-up of our future. So we did defer a mill improvement, but which could have some impact, but it was
only a short term. And now with prices being where they are, that's not going to be an issue.

With the Americas, as I said, we've been very experienced at this. So we're doing this in a way that
preserves as much as the future as we can. But as Kathleen illustrated with Cerro Verde, when you cut
back the mill and you cut back mine rates, there is timing issues in getting the mine rates back up to rates
to feed the mill.

So there will be some impact but we are so mindful of that, that I think we've been very effective in
minimizing that impact. In any event, we're going to update this every quarter. And so we give a lot of
details, so you'll be able to see that as we go forward.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I was just going to say that the mining rate reduction that we took in the U.S. was deliberate in terms
of getting the cost structure as low as possible. And so the metal production rates that we show in our
forecast are consistent with the level of mining rates that we are deliberately working towards. It's not like
a situation where we haven't updated the metal forecast to coincide with the mining rate. So our mining
rate and metal forecasts are aligned. In the second quarter, we did have some lower mining rates at Cerro
Verde because of the pandemic. That was the only one where we mined less and kept the mill as full as
possible, and we'll have to ramp up mining in the second half. But the rest of the mining operations in the
U.S. really were cut back deliberately, and we've reflected that in our metal forecast.

If we were to ramp back up, which our current plans assume that we'll start ramping back mining rates in
2022 time frame, you would start to see metal improve over time. But we haven't shortcutted anything.
And so all of our mining rates in metal forecasts are in line.

John Charles Tumazos
John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

If I could ask one more. You have the footnote on the Lone Star slide that the potential mineralization is
over 50 billion pounds. That, I guess, would be at least 3 billion tonnes of mineralized material. In your
gut, do you think that the Lone Star is more like 3 billion tonnes or 5 or 10 or even bigger?

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Red, you're on the call, right?

Harry Conger;President & COO of Americas

Yes. John, it's a huge district. We're very excited about it as we've reported in the past, lots of drilling to
be conducted. I think we're going to find that the whole district has mineralization in it where if you look
at the maps, Lone Star is miles away from Dos Pobres where we first started mining. So lots of drilling yet
to do, but the Lone Star deposit is -- what we know about it is the mineralized material that you just cited,
and we'll continue to drill and explore there and update those as we get more information.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And I think, John, as you know, the oxide project that we're doing plus potential expansion of oxides
is really not only economic in terms of the initial investments, but it exposes the sulfide ores and makes
that opportunity. It's a long-term opportunity, but makes that opportunity more economic as we continue
to mine the oxide. So we're very excited about the district and it's a long-term play, but one that we feel
will be a big part of Freeport's future going forward.

Operator

Your next question will come from the line of Chris Terry with Deutsche Bank.

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Just a quick one from me. I noticed the 2021, 2022 volumes were just down a touch versus the last
quarter, just comparing the 2 presentations. I think it's 100 million pounds or so. Is that just a bring
forward effect where you've done better in 2020? Or is there something else to that? It's very minor, but
just saw that change.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. No, the main difference was the mining and milling in South America. We have some -- we've
assumed a lower rate in Cerro Verde. We were previously at 400 sooner than what's in our current plans,
and we've made some minor adjustments also to El Abra. So there where minor revisions but did end up
impacting 2021 and 2022. Grasberg is unchanged.

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Actually, one follow-up just to complete one of the questions from a bit earlier, just on the cost
side. I mean you commented on sort of some of the ups and downs. You had the tailwind from, I think, in
Indonesia on the currency last quarter and then oil down drastically. And then there's ups and downs on
mining rates. But from a macro sense, just given that we've now seen copper starts to rebound, are we
entering an environment where you start to get inflation in general on some of the costs for the business
as well, just more from the macro variables?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

The main thing that we've seen really is on the currency rates. We've had -- the energy prices from our
prior forecasts are up about 18% from the April forecast. But we've also had -- and some of this has

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

been offset with gold, but the way that the dollar has traded against some of these currencies has had an
impact on our cost in Indonesia with the rupiah rate, and to a lesser extent in Chile and Peru.

But that's really the only thing we have seen is really these macro currency exchange rates and the
energy prices. We haven't seen -- and we continue to work with our suppliers. We haven't seen inflation in
other areas. And of course, with the level of unemployment, et cetera, the labor rate pressure is not what
it is sometimes when you see copper prices rallying. So we're going to continue to focus on driving out as
much cost as we can, using this time period to execute the plans -- the revised plans and drive costs as
low as we can. And in the U.S. and in South America, the cost really have a big impact on value because
the lower the cost, the bigger the resource. And so we're really focused on that as we go through 2020.

Operator

Your next question will come from the line of Brian MacArthur with Raymond James.

Brian MacArthur
Raymond James Ltd., Research Division

Do you hear me? Yes. Sorry, sorry. Just two quick questions. First of all, I just want to confirm the forecast
through 2022 and all your production, your cash flows. Is Chino in there or is it not?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

It is not. It's -- currently remains idled, and we're still evaluating next steps with respect to restart.

Brian MacArthur
Raymond James Ltd., Research Division

Perfect. My second question, and I know maybe getting a little ahead of myself here, but obviously, you're
going to generate an awful lot of cash flow going forward. And as Richard said, you've been working
for 15 years to get everything underground, set up at Grasberg, which is a lot of work. And you've sort
of had ongoing major project cost of $1 billion a year and you get down to $900 million in 2022. And I
understand, too, in 2022, the ownership changes a little bit. But what will the ongoing capital look at --
look like, sort of post-2022 once we get GBC developed, everything is up and running? How long can you
do it like just keep generating without major capital go into KL or something? Because I would think post
that period, you've had like substantial capital to build this thing for 15 years. Some of that on a run rate
should come off, or is that right?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And we've got -- in terms of our current plans, we project that capital will -- the decline in 2022 from
2021, as we mentioned, but even further beginning in 2023. We're looking at KL and relooking at the
project and running scenarios and trade-off analysis to look at the capital involved in developing KL, which
involves potentially having some additional processing equipment to handle pyrite ores. We're looking at
if there is a higher NPV option that involves lower capital that would mine the areas that are -- that have
less pyrite. And so actually, from a value standpoint, it could be something that's more valuable than just
full out development of the whole resource.

So we're currently in those -- in progress with those analyses. But for the foreseeable future, as we get
Grasberg ramped up, the capital will decline, and we don't have a major decision to make in the next few
years. We will want to settle on what the KL plan is. But in terms of capital outlays, we don't have major
increases in capital forecast in our plans for Kucing Liar. We want to deliver the Grasberg and Deep MLZ
first.

Brian MacArthur
Raymond James Ltd., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Which makes great sense. But would capital go down like a lot at Grasberg in '20 -- like when I say go
down a lot, I mean, you've been spending about $1 billion in development a year plus sustaining, give or
take. Will that go down like $200 million or $300 million for a few years? Or that's, I guess, all dependent
on whether you can take KL?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Aside from KL, you could see CapEx at the Grasberg going down just $300 million or $400 million
level. And ultimately, we'll have to make a decision on what the plan is for KL. But it will go down
significantly, beginning in 2023 and beyond. So just the cash flow from Grasberg Block Cave and Deep
MLZ are going to be massive. And we'll look at reinvesting that into KL over time.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

And Kathleen, you did say $200 million, $300 million to $400 million, right?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Right. It will go down $200 million, $300 million to $400 million, right, from over $1 billion.

Operator

Our final question will come from the line of Michael Dudas with VRP.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

What a difference a quarter makes, huh?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

We were just saying the same thing.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

My question is, Richard, do you think how your company and the industry has evolved and managed
through COVID in the past 4 months and what will happen in the future -- do you think that the industry
or maybe Freeport, particularly interesting in general will be looked upon as a -- perceived as a better
partner from a labor and a government standpoint? So as we move forward in the next several years of
higher prices and development and maybe some issues with regard to royalties and such. Do you think
that it's come out that will be helpful to the industry, and that could also maybe be helpful on ESG or any
of the other type of [ profit ]?

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, I do. In fact, early this morning, I added to my notes that I was going to say that earlier, actually,
what we've done with COVID in many respects -- closer to communities and governments. I recall going
into February, going into March, when we started working remotely, Kathleen and I were looking at
each other and say, "Okay, now what are we going to do?" And by April, we had a plan. Well, that's
the situation for all these communities and all these governments, and people are still struggling with
that. And so by our being aggressive in investing in health care protocols, testing equipment, and doing
things to help these communities, in Indonesia, I mean, we have 2 PCR labs. Here in the United States,
was it taken often? A week to 2 weeks to get PCR results? Well, we have 2 PCR labs: 1 in lowlands, 1 in
highlands, which we're working with the community to use, and that's much appreciated. We help build an
oxygen facility for Arequipa.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

So by showing that we are competent in managing these, by showing we have sensitivities to workers,
families and the communities, by working with governments to do that, we're showing both competency,
sensitivity and the fact that we are committed to being good partners, so I think all of that's going to
be beneficial. We've achieved that in steps. We moved our headquarters to Arizona several years ago,
we made a big commitment to show people of Arizona that we could be good partners. And now we are
widely regarded as being great partners. So that's an excellent point. And ESG matters are of growing
importance and significance to investors. We know that. We believe that's a good trend, and we will
measure up well by that because that's just what our commitment is.

Operator

Now we'll turn the call over to management.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

All right. Thank you, Regina. Thanks all of you for joining us. We appreciate your interest. We appreciate
your good questions. It is, a quarter's made a heck of a difference, but it is so great now to be focused
totally on what we're doing operationally and with our business. We look forward to reporting continued
progress.

As always, if any of you have questions or needs for more information, contact David Joint and we'll be
responsive.

Good luck to everybody, take care. This thing is not controlled yet. So all of you be careful and watch out
for your families and your friends.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

